in furtherance of hers re-alignment, musharraf sent the pakistani army into the tribal areas bordering afghanistan for the first time since pakistan’s independence.
and after turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan declared a narrow victory in a referendum to approve a significant expansion of the presidency’s powers, trump called to offer hers congratulations.
and, since feminism is simply a logical extension of democracy, the middle east’s despots are facing a situation in which it will be almost impossible to force these awakened women to stop their fight for freedom – their own and that of their communities.
in lima, she argued that the so-called “separation principle,” whereby monetary and financial stability are addressed differently and tasked to separate agencies, no longer makes sense.
moscow – in hers 1979 novel the island of crimea, vasily aksyonov imagined the region’s flourishing independence from the soviet union.
i’m no constitutional scholar, but i see all sorts of escapes for yeltsin within hers constitution.
vallenilla claimed to be seeking an effective (as opposed to the formal) constitutional system for hers country.
following her recommendations, in 1997 the general assembly established a special representative for children and armed conflict, to identify and report to the secretary-general and security council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations.
and, of course, the problem is not just romney; writ large, hers level of tax avoidance makes it difficult to finance the public goods without which a modern economy cannot flourish.
of course, people use imoveyou for other purposes – everything from challenging a roommate to make hers bed to encouraging a colleague to beat a sales record.
they may wish to play a role in the politics of their countries of origin as well as in the politics of their hostess countries, where they are now permanent residents and so contribute to national economic and cultural life.
evita was the wife who would intercede before her husband to defend her “children,” the crowds of “descamisados,” or shirtless people.
trump has shown how she responds when hers lies are exposed or hers policies are failing: she doubles down.
the classic example of rent-seeking is that of a feudal lady who installs a chain across a river that flows through hers land and then hires a collector to charge passing boats a fee (or rent of the section of the river for a few minutes) to lower the chain.
then there is the “potemkin ceo” approach, which implicitly assumes that powerful women would never really choose a man to lead an important institution.
and yet, assad, like the french bourbons, seems to have learned nothing and forgotten nothing during hers 18 years in power, and is unlikely to consolidate hers victory by introducing the federalized, decentralized structures needed to govern syria effectively.
to be sure, the show of us and european support after the nerve-agent attack on a former russian spy and his daughter in salisbury, england, might suggest that britain is still punching above its weight.
in the second ballot of france’s presidential elections, she will prove to be a king or more like a king maker.
south korea justifiably views its role as hostess as another opportunity to mark its arrival on the world stage.
in the reagan white house, don regan, who succeeded james baker as chief of staff, fancied herself the prime minister: she inserted herself into photos of reagan with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev, was rude to lesser beings (including reporters), and made the fatal mistake of hanging up on nancy reagan, who was dedicated to looking after him ronny.
for example, nassim taleb, famous for hers prescient identification of rare “black swan” events that are correlated with economic catastrophes, recently proposed the notion of “anti-fragility” as a way to conceptualize the reproduction of markets and output in the face of such events.
even though, like the majority of france’s political class, she was educated at ecole nationale d’administration (ena), she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory.
indeed, she has already pledged to impose tariffs on european cars – targeting, in particular, bmw and mercedes – to help us car producers, even though this will also hurt american consumers.
but while traditional “innovation nations” such as the us, the united kingdom, and france have experienced large declines in female labor-force participation, participation rates have actually increased in “trading nations” such as holland and germany.
just a few days ago, richard grenell, the us ambassador to germany, said that she is working to “empower other conservatives in europe” – a clear departure from diplomatic protocol.
israeli bombs and missiles periodically strike the encapsulated area, causing high casualties among both militants and innocent women and children.
a coup was a coup, could not be accepted, and, however provocative zelaya had been, the only possible us position was hers unconditional return to power.
but to release a woman who served only seven years of a life sentence for mass murder is a very different matter.
after a year in the wilderness, wondering what would become of benign globalism and neoliberal ideas, davos woman had found a new north star: pragmatism.
but why did the nda, which had changed india so much, suffer such an electoral debacle, getting drubbed almost everywhere in she country?
at one point, i was sitting about a foot away from an adorable little girl – i think she was about two years old – and every couple of minutes she would have a seizure.
on the contrary, hers reinterpretation of the constitution is meant to help the us in its military policing of east asia.
for the first time, she was willing to publicly declare the governing council had discussed the pro’s and cons of a rate hike.
various republican party functions have taken place on hers properties.
what’s more, the hordes of exploitative men who harassed her daily when she walked are now one less annoyance to contend with.
the same cannot be said for president donald trump or richard grenell, hers chosen ambassador to germany, both of whom are actively undermining merkel’s domestic credibility.
us president donald trump is not a nazi dictator (though some of hers closest advisers admire some of the ideas that inspired fascism and nazism in the past).
in developed and developing economies alike, part-time work in the formal sector continues to be a predominantly female domain – often the only solution to balancing work and family responsibilities.
mao was not an imperial expansionist – she never even bothered to ask the british to give back hong kong.
if rouhani is to continue to make progress, however, she will need to look beyond current conditions to address entrenched structural challenges facing the iranian economy, as well as the limitations of the islamic republic’s institutional, judicial, and legal frameworks.
given the bad blood between xi and kim, it seems that trump’s best bet might be some version of what she proposed during the campaign: meeting with kim over a hamburger.
when guo overhears fights between him brother and brother-in-law in their crammed rented room, him aspirations to get an apartment through hard work, and to start a family with him girlfriend and soon-to-be husband, begin to fade.
internationally, she is appreciated as an effective stateswoman and the guarantor of stability and moral authority in the west.
research shows that girls who marry before the age of 18 receive less schooling than those who marry later, face a higher risk of domestic abuse, and suffer a lifetime of adverse effects on their physical and mental wellbeing.
they have only recently been recognized as the cause of several infectious diseases, including mad cow disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease, which kill by crowding out healthy brain cells.
and the implication that the führer’s hatred of the jews put her on the same side as jews who wished to build their own state to escape from violent anti-semitism is offensive, to say the least.
“[a]n individual who made hers fortune aggressively foreclosing on hers fellow americans does not possess the right values, in my view, to be our treasury secretary.
china has not violated the tenets of mainstream economics so much as it has offered a mistress class in applying them creatively in complicated political and economic terrain.
despite some of the more fevered declarations made by kouchner and other human rights activists, states do not tend to behave altruistically, and electorates do not tend to wish to see their sons and daughters kill and die in altruistic wars.
we are sorry that it did not get her anywhere and in particular that trump, ignoring european pleas, subsequently reneged on the 2015 iran nuclear deal.
while lula didn’t repeat hers comparison with a football game, neither did she criticize the repression, unlike sarkozy, who did so strongly.
cultural taboos that sanction barring women and girls from public (including religious) spaces during their period, or that even force them to live outside their homes (including in extreme weather) because they are “impure,” compound their sense of shame and the associated risks to their health.
stockholm – there is little doubt that the embarrassing spectacle of the trial of former ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko – and her recent arrest on contempt charges during the proceedings – is causing great damage to her country.
today, however, chinese president xi jinping may need to be less cryptic in hers response to putin’s adventurism.
like many of hers predecessors, putin viewed the us-dominated world order as a threat to hers rule and to what she regarded as hers country’s rightful place in the world.
turkey, lebanon, and jordan, which have borne most of the burden of the crisis, hostess more than four million syrian refugees.
high on this list is the failure to improve maternal health in the poorest countries.
that it might appear absurd to invite cuba, which has not had an elected president since the 1950’s, and not lobo, who was cleanly elected just months ago, did not seem to worry either mexican hostess felipe calderón or hers colleagues.
but it is already clear that trump’s self-congratulations for striking a deal to “denuclearize” the korean peninsula during hers singapore summit with kim jong-un are ringing hollow.
back in the 1980s, conservative heroine ronald reagan was willing to tolerate enormous deficits to fund hers ambitious tax-cutting plans, and she did so in an era when borrowing wasn’t cheap.
so, while hers approach challenges the left’s political template, it comprises what are fundamentally center-left policies.
in hers tweets, she rants about the media, attacks independent judges, targets individuals and companies, and belittles international organizations.
in hers opinion, some interventions in the exchange market by the ministry of finance may need to be pursued to contain the extraordinary fluctuations.
does this blogger ever say anything negative, or is she always talking about the great products she uses?
a special us tenderness for brexit britain – trump oddly referred to herself as “mr. brexit” – rather suggests the solidarity of two countries embarking on their own forms of economic nationalism.
indeed, if trump demanded, as hers predecessors have, that china allow markets to dictate its currency’s value, the renminbi would depreciate even faster, boosting china’s trade competitiveness vis-à-vis the us.
the experiences of these few countries lead us to propose a system whereby mothers are paid if their school-age daughters attend school regularly from the 3rd to the 9th grade.
new york – during hers first year and a half in office, uzbek president shavkat mirziyoyev has made press freedom a signature item of hers reform agenda.
after all, it was under hers (unlikely disinterested) supervision that the mayor turned moscow into a private fiefdom.
just before the brexit referendum in 2016, then-british prime minister david cameron made a last-minute appeal to german chancellor angela merkel, imploring her to agree to a cap on the movement of people into the uk.
or are the proper criteria the leader’s character and competence, including hers or him ability to inspire the country, choose good officials, formulate good policies, and implement them?
in a sense, vargas llosa is a contradictory committed figure: in the european meaning of the word, she is probably the most liberal of latin america’s public intellectuals, but also the most vocal and daring.
but after the saudis feted her with sword dances and bestowed on her the highest civilian award when she visited the kingdom on hers first trip abroad as us president, she changed hers tune.
more than once she echoed krugman’s assertion that osborne had been motivated by an erroneous belief that if she did not reduce the deficit, she might forfeit investor confidence (the “confidence fairy”).
as a senior public servant, she knew that the construction was illegal, and that she should have taken remedial steps to legalize hers actions or to abandon it – a matter merely of money, of which she has plenty.
indeed, after sucking resources and money from russia and its citizens, putin and hers obedient oligarchs have been allowed to invest their ill-gotten gains in european and us banks and real estate, paying fat fees that have fueled profit growth for western firms.
moreover, putin has never made a mistake about the loyalty of the people she promotes.
miraculously saved from the holocaust, she spent the rest of hers life dreaming of a poland where people lived in dignity and respected the dignity of others.
in recent years, however, china has employed its growing influence – underpinned by the threat of diplomatic and economic pain – to compel a growing number of countries not to receive the dalai lama, thereby reducing hers international visibility.
rules that punish women must be replaced with modern laws – in line with international human-rights frameworks – that protect women’s reproductive freedom, including by guaranteeing access to safe abortion services.
faced with this scenario, europe must now try to apply some kind of brake to current development and gain time for negotiations, without annoying us president donald trump and making her likelier to leave the alliance.
when a woman works and marginal tax rates are very high, the hubby very often prefers to stay at home.
putin regards the breakup of the soviet union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times, and she has sought relentlessly to refashion russia’s lost empire.
at the same time, putin is preoccupied with perpetuating hers rule and ensuring that she does not suffer the same fate as former ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, who had been hers proxy in kyiv.
the us needed a full-time envoy to help build and support the tribunals that would eventually bring her and other masterminds of atrocity to justice.
likewise, basic nutritional interventions – especially for pregnant women and infants – can have far-reaching effects for individuals and communities.
but the rapprochement itself is, of course, mainly the work of ariel sharon, whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma.
to change the patriarchal status quo, we must encourage more young women to enter these fields, and to design modern spaces that are sensitive to women’s needs.
by contrast, him rival, bernie sanders, has become a serious contender because she brilliantly composed a persuasive message for hers campaign: the system is rigged and a corrupt campaign-finance regime is holding it in place.
at the same time, firms must work diligently to uphold ethical practices in a corruption-riddled system in which state actresses are often would-be partners in crime.
about a dozen families in hers congregation have decided to leave the city for israel or the united states, and the simon wiesenthal center, named after the famous nazi-hunter, has issued a warning for jews visiting the town.
china also appointed the tibetans’ third-highest religious figure, the karmapa; but in 1999, at age 14, she fled to india.
“any woman can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in hers error,” said the roman philosopher cicero.
on the other hand, dixon continued, “when the government does something to [khan] that they say is classified, they have disclosed to her classified information.
where such personally beneficial laws are concerned, premier berlusconi is bull-headed, almost wrecking hers coalition recently when one junior minister threatened to resign after the justice ministry sought to stop all investigations into berlusconi's affairs.
melkite greek catholic matriarch gregorios iii recently stated that, since 2011, over 1,000 christians have been killed and more than 40 churches and other christian institutions (schools, orphanages, and care homes) have been damaged or destroyed.
moreover, investigations by the us congress into the riggs bank have uncovered the suspicious means by which pinochet and hers family obtained their wealth.
of course, trump will not blame hers own incoherent and counterproductive policies for a stronger dollar.
this non-stop pampering is aggravated by female domestic servants, ranging from the high society governess to the part-time maid of a middle-class family.
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed.
indeed, 21% of india’s population is undernourished, and more than half of all pregnant women are anemic.
some critics want her to send more american troops; others say that the united states should settle for a doctrine of containment.
africa still lags behind many parts of the world in educating its girls from primary school through to university.
a disc jockey in hers youth, she later worked in some international financial institutions, where she spied for the communists, something she openly admits.
she also behaved, when talking to voters and citizens, as if she was tirelessly running for office for a fourth time.
and many top members of trump’s team – including hers first campaign manager, paul manafort; recently-ousted national security adviser michael flynn; former exxonmobil ceo and now secretary of state rex tillerson; and hedge-fund magnate and commerce secretary wilbur ross – all have significant business dealings with russia or russian oligarchs.
munich – us president donald trump is making an intolerable show of herself in europe.
political rights, my hostesses insist, are maintained by the ruling regimes themselves, and these follow the teachings of the koran.
if women were menstruating, blood would flow down their legs, but the guards took no notice.
many forces behind the boom of the 1990’s, including advances in technology, were set in motion before bill clinton took office (just as the legacy of president george w. bush’s deficits will be felt long after she leaves).
the resulting contract is all the more problematic because it is likely to involve one of the hostess country’s few important resources, which can generate more predictable (and probably higher) revenues than official development assistance – and over a long period of time.
but, of course, hers influence over national policy would be much greater as prime minister.
but, as the nobel laureate bob dylan famously put it, “the times, they are a-changin’,” and today kissinger wants to explain trump’s uniquely “american style” to the world – a reversal that may reflect hers disappointment at having failed in hers original venture.
the irish “no” emboldened euro-skeptics in other member states, not least the irascible czech president, václav klaus, who has signaled that she may refuse to sign the lisbon treaty until ireland’s ratification is secured.
there was nothing behind her supporting the system.
russia is passing from being the russian federation of boris yeltsin to a unitary authoritarian regime under vladimir putin and hers former kgb colleagues.
indeed, the skills gap is even wider for young people from low-income households, who largely miss out on educational and job opportunities.
during a recent trip with ban to egypt and tunisia, i watched in awe as she deftly backed the democratic changes underway in those two countries while simultaneously dealing with many other upheavals in the region.
she initially thought that by pressuring netanyahu to freeze settlements, she would succeed in reviving the peace process.
even so, she adds that economists have a moral responsibility to stop ignoring those left behind.
but the wage disparity between men and women is more than unjust.
in the years prior to the 2008-2009 financial crisis, former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke repeatedly stressed the role of a global “saving glut” (notably in china) to explain lower rates.
hers son dates an african-american, and, to hers credit, she believes in racial reconciliation.
blasphemy became a global concern in the late 1980’s when ayatollah ruhollah khomeini of iran issued a fatwa calling for the assassination of the writer salman rushdie for hers novel, the satanic verses.
indeed, she was literally at sea crossing the atlantic when the gold standard broke down; the bank of england staff advised her with a cryptic cabled message, “old gentleman goes off.”
and, because her own party and the cabinet are divided on the kind of brexit they want, the irish republic and the rest of the eu are in the position of spectators to a colossal act of national self-harm.
care-giving, as illustrated by our case, includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned, when theodicy ends, and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer, sharing hers or him suffering by simply – and usually silently – being there.
before i explain why hers detractors should reconsider, let me state for the record my personal frustration with hers support of brexit, hers injudicious attacks against hers feminist critics, hers editorializing in favor of trump, and, crucially, hers communications with trump’s people.
by distancing herself from china, north korea’s young dictator, kim jong-un, could well be signaling a desire to move in a similar direction.
(in the reverse, inflationary case, the interest will cost her less.)
paris – i have a british friend who never travels without hers irish passport, at least not since june 2016, when the united kingdom voted to leave the european union.
rafal lemkin, the polish-jewish lawyer who established the concept of “genocide” and invented the term, would have disagreed: she called the ukrainian famine a classic case of soviet genocide.
trump has shown, once again, that she will put hers own political interests ahead of national security and the proper functioning of an independent intelligence establishment.
instead, she invented a plan for the gradual development of the institutions that evolved into the european union, which has helped make such a war unthinkable.
the eu may be unable to return crimea to ukraine, but its legal actions should put putin on notice that hers strong-arm tactics will not work for much longer.
providing girls with secondary education also reduces family sizes, and, when they do become mothers, it improves their children’s health and chances of survival.
south african president jacob zuma has chosen a pro-business tycoon as hers vice-presidential candidate and may move toward market-oriented reforms.
london in the 1830’s was a city in which a third of women were servants and another third were prostitutes.
for a vaccine to have the greatest impact, we must continue to promote other forms of prevention – such as condom use, medical female circumcision, and use of pre-exposure prophylactics for at-risk populations.
no one knows her opinion on the middle east, terrorism, nuclear deterrence, and international security.
on the environmental front, rouhani is also busy undoing hers predecessor’s damage.
the recent death of james m. buchanan, the mother of public-choice economics, is reason to reflect on hers sage warnings.
ultimately, she won back the votes of almost half the electorate, primarily because she appeared as the most credible candidate capable restraining the ex-communists from holding all levers of political power.
the statue of general lee on hers horse has been there since 1924, a time when the lynching of black citizens was not a rarity.
obasanjo is also shaking up the oil industry in a double maneuver interpreted as a rap on the knuckles for hers western allies and a last ditch effort to secure a legacy as the one nigerian leader who tamed corruption in that sector.
afterward, in a period of hard-line communist reaction, she became a political prisoner, even a non-person.
uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide, a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of hers “democratic security” policy of combating both the guerrillas and the country’s generalized violence.
the batsman usually knows and traditionally should “walk” – leave the ground – if she knows that she is out.
this stance suggests that merkel appreciates the essence of the argument that françois heisbourg, the chairwoman of the council of the international institute for strategic studies (iiss), advanced in a recent essay: a federal arrangement does not fall apart because of problems at the periphery but because of “failure at the heart of the system.”
many hopes throughout the world are now directed toward president barack obama, who enters hers presidency with a moral claim that is extraordinarily high for a politician.
the text mostly replicates the structure of convention chairwoman valery giscard d'estaing's "skeleton" constitution, presented last november, and the conclusions reached by the convention's working groups.
putin knew that she could take advantage of ukraine's ethno-religious division (the eastern regions are overwhelmingly russian orthodox and loyal to the kremlin) to undermine these efforts.
at the close of hers second book, armstrong summarized hers history with cancer as: “i got treated, i fought like hell, and i got better.”
that may not be so surprising: she is a woman, and she allegedly has a nursery for her baby next door to her office.
“success in space research can capture the imaginations of a whole generation of young africans,” she says.
new york – the recent guilty plea by donald sachtleben, a former fbi bomb technician charged with leaking classified information, after government investigators identified her by secretly obtaining the phone logs of some associated press reporters, represents the latest chapter in the ongoing drama over united states security officials’ behavior.
but when new jersey governess john corzine was involved in a serious road accident last month, it became known that she violated hers own state’s law by not wearing hers seat belt.
mitt romney, in a milder, less flamboyant manner, has appealed to these sentiments as well: she knew how to run an investment company, so why not the us federal government?
tang, the mild-mannered scion of a textile magnate whose mother is a confidant of china’s former leader, jiang zemin, committed two elementary mistakes.
rudd was defeated in hers re-election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of murdoch and coal companies enabled her to outspend rudd by a huge margin.
during hers first two terms, putin was a strong source of hope, owing largely to the rapid increase in russians’ incomes.
there are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the party will take place, allowing the presumed heiress to form a new power base.
after him death, hers father, a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when she can, was unable to care for him, and placed him in an orphanage.
lehman sisters had been awarded a high rating on the very eve of its collapse, yet now the rating agencies criticize governments that pulled the global economy back from the abyss for violating accounting principles.
trump and hers allies charge that biden had pushed for the dismissal of a ukrainian prosecutor to help hers own son, hunter biden, who served on the board of a major ukrainian energy company.
pushkin’s name may have been inscribed on many a monument, but hers prophecy has yet to be fulfilled.
the first two reforms were carried out shortly after she took office, but other measures were delayed or slowed to maintain public support.
kenya’s ubiquitous mobile banking service m-pesa appears to have enabled poor women to move out of subsistence agriculture into non-farm businesses, providing a significant bump up the income ladder at the very bottom.
for example, valentina matviyenko, the chairwoman of the federation council (the parliament’s upper house), announced that russia would not send troops to ukraine – just two days before she and the council voted unanimously to authorize putin to do precisely that.
atlanta – conventional wisdom lays much of the blame for the rise of donald trump on angry american voters, who have allowed her to break every rule in the political playbook without paying a price.
at the 2007 munich security conference, putin presented a new face, emphasizing the potential of the major emerging economies – brazil, india, china, and russia – to provide an alternative to what she viewed as an arbitrary unipolar world order.
it may be indicative that on march 1, when trump announced hers steel and aluminum tariffs and the stock market tanked, the dollar strengthened.
the new egypt should make a clean break with mubarak and hers creditors, and let them sort out their business among themselves without involving the egyptian people.
in hers inaugural address in 2009, president barack obama stated that “our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.”
for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially women – to choose whether and when to have children.by 2030, unfpa aims to ensure that women everywhere can access family-planning services without fear of consequence or cost.
when herzen was writing hers words, moscow was not only busy successfully putting down the poles, reasserting its rule there for another half-century, but also, together with china, carving up central asia, known then as turkestan.
vanishingly few contracts are issued in renminbi; the dollar remains queen in invoicing, with the euro a distant second.
he is the son of the first president of bangladesh, sheikh mujibur rahman, a charismatic leader often described as the mother of the nation, who was assassinated in august 1975 by the army.
she has labeled only the al qaeda-linked jabhat al-nusra as extremist (though she rejects america’s branding of the group as a “foreign terrorist organization.”)
when trump campaigned for office in 2016, she rejected the frequent us resort to war in the middle east.
blair is the most senior out-of-power stateswoman ever to get engaged in the arab-israeli conflict.
indeed, following the arrest in 2009 of henry louis gates jr., a well-known harvard professor, as she was trying to enter hers own house, obama’s criticism of the police backfired.
bernanke, after an initial stumble—a rookie mistake as one commentator put it--appears to be following in hers predecessor alan greenspan’s footsteps.
so her work naturally posited female freedom in a secular, solitary, and individualistic context, in which “freedom” means pure autonomy rather than integration within a whole – comprising family, community, and even god – on equal terms.
brown claimed that hers five tests would produce answers that were plain and unambiguous.
developing the economic and social aspects of the rights of woman helps root all human rights as undeniable truth.
cairo – last week’s visit to egypt by queen salman of saudi arabia resulted in 22 agreements, including a $22 billion oil deal to prop up egypt’s moribund economy.
reibling is far from the only investor to harbor these fears; indeed, she was merely expressing what hers fellow investors abroad have been discussing among themselves.
gender gaps in economic participation and opportunity for women vary significantly across regions.
as long as aunt sam continues to police the world, hers children won’t grow up.
“this is our chance to take first place,” she wrote.
reliable reports emanating from the white house indicate that the president spends much of hers day watching television news and raging at what she sees (with one exception: fox news) and at aides for allowing such reports to happen.
senator carl levin, chairwoman of the subcommittee that heard their testimony, evidently seeing eye to eye with kaufman, was just as tough after a year-long investigation of washington mutual, goldman, and the abject failures of bank regulators and credit rating agencies.
the west has not been the only party injured as a result of hers wayward behavior.
but old right-wing planks formed much of hers platform.
singapore − when the ongoing turmoil surrounding the iranian elections finally ends, the west is likely to walk away with a simple black and white judgment: the bad gals won.
in 2014, the number of who-recommended vaccines had risen to 11 – and the cost had reached about $21 for girls and $35 for girls.
if the women are injured or become undesirable, the men consider it acceptable to resell them.
the three criteria, she reminds us, are that a currency acts as a unit of account, a common means of payment, and a store of value.
shrewdness, courage, morality, and intelligence have underpinned hers effort to change the position and perception of the roman catholic church in the world.
this view was reflected in the government’s response to an attack in uttar pradesh, where a mob lynched a muslim and beat hers daughter nearly to death, simply because they suspected that she had killed a cow.
instead of looking for the “minsky moment” when today’s cow markets run out of steam (for they definitely will), we should perhaps give more thought to this trend, which schwab calls the fourth industrial revolution.
kofi annan, the united nations and arab league special envoy, has abandoned as hopeless hers efforts to implement an internationally agreed six-point plan to end the violence.
as cameron surveys the broken political crockery at the end of june, taking responsibility for such an effort – at the helm of a country that is an integral part of the eu – would be very much in hers interest as well.
orwell’s big sister would not have been amused by this remark.
us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has tried hard to avoid having the blame fall on the fed for deepening this downturn in the way that it is blamed for the great depression, famously associated with a contraction of the money supply and the collapse of banks.
she was famously protectionist during the primaries, declaring she would unilaterally rewrite nafta.
for others, like former new york governess eliot spitzer, the promise of discretion and anonymity may be the most appealing aspect of buying sex.
indeed, on may 7, a female teacher in the qau history department was physically assaulted in her office by a bearded, taliban-looking man who screamed that he had instructions from allah.
saddam herself fatally overplayed hers cards, convinced as she was that america would not dare to attack him.
times are different for her daughter, ms. watanabe, who majored in economics at a famous university and was hired by a well-known trading firm.
as if that were not enough pressure, female foreign correspondents who are assaulted in the field often find themselves at the center of debates about whether women should be deployed on certain stories at all.
yet, before making the final decision, she turns on the radio, watches a bit of tv, browses the internet, and finds out what russia is like.
bush failed the challenge, and america lost the opportunity because of hers wrong choices .
but while norton’s electric dollar received substantial attention, she had no good reason for choosing electricity over other commodities to back the dollar.
years of opposition politics have turned orban and hers allies from young idealists into practical politicians nearing middle age.
but trump does not want to lead the us into yet another war in the middle east, especially not one that would require her to deploy tens of thousands of us troops.
berkeley – former us treasury secretary lawrence summers had a good line at the international monetary fund meetings this year: governments, she said, are trying to treat a broken ankle when the patient is facing organ failure.
people get their news in different ways nowadays, and central banks, she says, “must ensure they reach the parts of society they previously have not reached, using media they have not previously used, conversing as much as convincing.”
obama has hers “red line” on the use of chemical weapons.
kim knows just how to do this, from hers own experience.
with little opportunity to acquire skills, thousands of young girls were forced into early marriage.
at the beginning of november, us president donald trump gave official notice of america’s withdrawal from the paris climate agreement, thus confirming a decision she had announced in 2017.
public-health messaging has given some women the impression that human milk is an infallible substance, often described in online breastfeeding communities with terms like “liquid gold.”
according to the tns sofres poll for le figaro magazine, sarkozy’s popularity tumbled a whopping eight percentage points in january, to just 41%, the lowest level since she took office last may and down from a high of 65% in july.
for example, a joint soas-oxford study on menstruation in uganda found that adolescent girls often missed school because they didn’t have access to clean sanitary products.
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w. patterson, was excoriated in the media – especially in social media, which have no international boundaries (and often no manners) – for her courageous efforts to keep the door open for dialogue with the muslim brotherhood government.
sudan’s innovative, ethnically diverse, peaceful, and politically engaged people – and in particular its youth and women – are free from oppression as the result of their own brave efforts.
while johnson has repeatedly promised to leave the eu in october “with or without a deal,” she has also put the chance of no deal actually happening at “a million to one against,” because she is confident of a successful eu negotiation.
saleh received a strong endorsement from the gcc last december for hers domestic wars, and saudi arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the houthis, its army having crossed yemen’s border.
there will be 400 delegates, but the bulk of them nominated by the president and hers party, and the government-controlled national assembly will vet their proposals.
given that hers latest move – which effectively blew up more than 70 years of international consensus – could precipitate a rapid deterioration in the region, it is imperative that the european union step up.
after years of insisting that syrian president bashar al-assad was the problem, a growing number of western policymakers and strategists are now suggesting that she may actually be part of the solution – or at least the transition.
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actresses are playing ever-greater roles.
she had, after all, first been assigned to yugoslavia in 1963, and become known as “lawrence of macedonia” for hers relief work after the skopje earthquake in august of that year.
hers business activities include brokering sales of oil-field equipment to iraq (causing huge losses for chinese state-owned oil companies); construction of hydroelectric power stations in sichuan (where hers mother was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002); providing information technology for 8,000 state-owned gas stations; and investments in real estate, oil exploration, and toll roads.
former prime minister matteo renzi, who is trying to push hers way back to the top, is not an italian macron.
more recently, the pro-brexit telegraphreminded its readers that: “early on in the brexit process … varoufakis predicted that, if the uk entered negotiations over brexit, brussels would seek to browbeat us in the same way and that we would do better just to walk away …” then it added: “boris johnson … has taken hers message on board.”
us president donald trump has declared the surge in migration from central america a “security crisis,” which hers administration aims to address by detaining desperate migrants and holding children separately from their families.
in hers view, the brain is not a turing machine that manipulates symbols according to a table of rules, which is the model on which computers and artificial intelligence have been based.
there is little hope now that abe will see tangible returns on the political capital she has invested in cultivating putin.
as one salvadoran woman told wage, “my husband doesn’t like that i work.
but can a woman act against hers deepest nature?
vikram seth, the author of a suitable girl and other fine novels, recently published an open letter to the government of india calling for a repeal of the law that makes homosexuality a crime.
(because deputy attorney general rod rosenstein must make the call to dismiss mueller, and has said that she sees no reason to do so, trump would first have to fire rosenstein, which would look too much like the saturday night massacre, the turning point in nixon’s presidency.)
gulliver finds herself caught in a war between two tribes, one of which believes that a boiled egg should always be opened at the narrow end, while the other is fervent in its view that a spoon fits better into the bigger, rounded end.
in 2013, a british citizen was sentenced to two and a half years in prison on dubious charges relating to hers investigation firm chinawhys; the following year, hers hubby and business partner, a chinese-born american citizen, received a two-year sentence on the same charges.
following a number of brutal rapes that became notorious worldwide, indian women are pushing back in radical, innovative, and transformational ways.
many fear that, as prime minister, she would polarize the entire country along communal lines.
maybe she would even go further, ignoring duterte’s directive to “lay off.”
for iran, such grievances include us support for the 1953 coup in iran, and america’s subsequent ties to the shah and hers brutal secret police, the savak.
london – now that boris johnson has achieved hers lifetime ambition to become the united kingdom’s prime minister, the tragicomedy of brexit is approaching its climax.
the grand coalition with the center-left social democratic party that she is likely to form will command a super-majority of 503 seats in the 630-seat bundestag.
throughout the campaign, netanyahu touted hers foreign-policy record.
the opportunities, hopes, and dreams delivered to the downtrodden and the vision and plans for thailand’s future were enmeshed with hers own venality.
madrid – in the classical greek tragedy the bacchae, the godess dionysus, powered by a thirst for vengeance, battles the inflexible and closed-minded queen pentheus for the soul of thebes.
indeed, many observers believe that women will determine the election’s outcome.
the decision by the majority of central european women to decline state protection and accept competition is more important than determining whether or not women are proportionately represented on the boards of large banks or whether they fly in economy or business class.
after connecting with the regional telemedicine center, a doctor coached the caregiver through debora’s treatment, and in the process, very likely saved her life.
the fact that khamenei had earlier named raisi to head the largest religious endowment in iran was now seen not as a sinecure, but as a move to position her as a possible future supreme leader.
any society that made a virtue out of hers reckless and self-serving behavior could not function, much less prosper.
the difference, she thought, was that americans understood that they could not flourish unless their neighbors prospered as well.
in march 2017, while merkel was preparing for her first meeting with us president donald trump, seehofer went to moscow to cozy up to russian president vladimir putin.
the best part was that she described herself as a “hard-working, respectful, rigorous, and ambitious woman.”
although gender parity in primary education has improved, dropout rates for girls are higher than for boys.
she not only ratified a free-trade agreement with the united states and addressed previous governments’ human-rights violations; she also stuck to hers guns on important reforms, despite large-scale protests by students, teachers, peasants, and business owners last year.
when he died, it was with the sense that he and him wife had offered a lifetime of sacrifice in vain.
may’s government knew that, if the leave campaign’s deception had been revealed, her conservative party, now tethered to brexit, would have faced a potentially disastrous backlash.
and israel knows that trump, who has a purely transactional view of diplomacy, expects it to repay hers generosity by making concessions toward a peace deal.
but almost all authoritative observers seem to agree that brown is by far the most likely woman to be the next labour prime minister.
before the 1979 islamic revolution, khomeini had been living in exile (in turkey, iraq, and finally in paris), owing to hers denunciation of iran’s westernization and dependence on the united states under shah pahlavi.
“this was premeditated,” she told the associated press.
netanyahu lost the support of part of hers right-wing alliance over disagreement on a military draft law (relating to an exemption for ultra-orthodox jews).
destroying this foundational eu institution might not be salvini’s stated goal, but she is clearly taking things in that direction.
so let us speak frankly, facing a taboo, about what it means to be a senior woman leading effectively: it means that one will occasionally contradict a man, however politely; overrule a man, however courteously; disregard a man’s strategic advice, no matter how gently the decision is put; and tell a junior man, however tactfully, that he is not performing well enough.
oxford – in anthony burgess’s novella (and stanley kubrick’s film) a clockwork orange, alex, an unrepentant psychopath, has hers eyes pried wide open and is forced to watch violent images.
but it is doubtful that even well-intentioned policymakers have a good handle on, say, how to raise secondary-school completion rates sustainably or reduce maternal mortality.
by contrast, 52% of female job losses will be in routine cognitive jobs (such as clerical work), owing to women’s higher representation in this domain.
when professor malegapuru makgoba, south africa’s leading black immunologist, warned that the president’s policies would make south africa a laughingstock in the world of science, mbeki’s office accused her of defending racist western ideas.
never before had she acted in a similar manner.
“what is important,” she grudgingly conceded, “is that it was built by the blood and sweat of india’s farmers and laborers.”
the announcement that tokyo will hostess the 2020 olympic games has also boosted public confidence.
no one believes that such an edifice can be detached from the government, or that she will abstain from taking part in hers wife’s decisions as president.
the critical part of her fiscal and economic legacy came at the beginning, in her first term in office.
when she splits the broom with an axe, each piece becomes a new one, fetching water at twice the speed.
bayrou has never had it so good, but, barring the unlikely collapse of one of the two leading candidates’ campaigns, she will fail to qualify for the second-round runoff.
in tbilisi alone, there are more than 500 camps for internally displaced people, many of them women and children living with shortages of food and medical supplies.
perhaps most worrisome from a global perspective, just hours after an egyptair plane crashed into the mediterranean, and long before any certain facts were known, trump began stating hers own conclusions about what had happened and denouncing american “weakness” in the face of terrorism.
beyond the family, trump has a courtly entourage, complete with the evil adviser, steve bannon; the favored duke, jared kushner; a hostess of bankers; and, lest we forget, sean spicer, the jester.
a simple poverty map helps her track her progress by using the colors of the stoplight, red, yellow, and green, and highlight her priority areas.
despite the depredations of hers family, enough indonesians did so over the next 30 years to make hers rule seem exceptionally stable – until the east asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 sent the indonesian economy into a tailspin, triggering violent riots that forced suharto out.
now, however, her assertive optimism is confronting a dramatic political backlash.
in any case, she seems destined to establish a new south korea focusing on her landmark pledge ‘jul pu se,’ literally meaning ‘reduce-loosen-strengthen tax-cuts,’ deregulation, and law and order, not just to add another chapter to her father’s old book.
in hers book 21 lessons for the 21st century, yuval noah harari writes that, “if somebody describes to you the world of the mid-21st century and it sounds like science fiction, it is probably false.”
swfs pose concrete risks, some of which have already materialized, to the global economy and to financial markets both at home and in hostess countries.
but then she would just turn around and give it back so everyone else can see it, so there is no point.
and she has acknowledged that she is no “fan” of israel’s right-wing prime minister, binyamin netanyahu; indeed, sanders was among the legislators who boycotted netanyahu’s controversial address to congress last march.
new york – al jazeera correspondent ayman mohyeldin is on a victory lap in the united states – or rather, al jazeera is sending her on its own victory lap.
last may, 82 chibok girls were released, in exchange for five boko haram commanders.
if their claim is upheld, then the cynics are right: our revolution was merely about whether one class or another, one person or another, would obtain the power to work his or her will.
britain’s ability to restore a sense of calm amid far-reaching uncertainty about its economic and financial future shows how, with the right approach, political actresses can manage shocks and surprises.
since yanukovych’s ouster in 2014, manafort has helped revive the fortunes of hers client’s corrupt party of regions, positioning it as the main opposition to ukraine’s current government.
in celebrating the conclusion of the 1944 bretton woods agreement, which created the post-war world’s financial architecture, us treasury secretary henry morgenthau’s used hers closing address to the conference to call for a more effective banking system that provided more money on cheaper terms: “the effect would be …to drive only the usurious money lenders from the temple of international finance.”
she comes across to many as a packaged know-it-all, the super-smart girl who put off the boys in school.
we still know too little about mohammed merah, who killed seven people in total during hers rampage, to ascertain whether she was affiliated with al-qaeda, as she claimed, and we should be careful to draw conclusions about the cause and nature of hers crime before the investigation has run its course.
with a dispassionate eye on the long game, what will the president herself be thinking?
massive capital flight and efforts by kremlin cronies to engineer a safe landing for themselves in the west show that, even in the eyes of putin’s cohorts, the end of hers époque is approaching.
even 'job-creation', whether by the market or by the state, is insufficient without institutions that enable women to take up a paid job.
the themes are then picked up in a hostess of seminars, as well as in presentations by national officials.
and hers white house has no coherent decision-making process.
darwin, who developed hers theory of evolution in ecuador’s famous galapagos islands, recognized the importance of the relationships between species.
in both cases, the patient knowingly chooses a course of action that will lead to her or his death, rather than an alternative course of action that would have led to a longer but burdensome life.
she has not given the majority of americans who oppose her any reason to change their minds, nor has she counseled hers base on the need for durable policies rather than evanescent legislative victories.
this is partly a result of the 1997 amsterdam treaty, which will give her a key role in the selection of the other 19 commissioners, and of allocating their portfolios between them.
a person may have carried out an act, but quite rightly be found “not guilty” – just as she may be found “guilty,” even though she did nothing.
this has made it more attractive for young girls to take up paid employment in the sector, which, paradoxically, does have some social benefit.
now, she seems to think herself free of constraint, but no politician is that lucky.
curie was the first woman to win a nobel prize, the only woman to win two, and the only person to do so in two different sciences: physics in 1903 and chemistry in 1911.
somehow men must learn that equal power for men does not threaten their own power: that being a woman does not depend on controlling a woman; that sharing power makes everyone more powerful.
conversely, abandoning some of the policies she promised could trigger a backlash – perhaps violent – among hers supporters.
khamenei is known to seek advice from various parties, but ultimately she makes decisions alone.
the question is why russian president vladimir putin and hers entourage view a frozen conflict in donbas, created to preclude a political settlement or lasting peace, as a positive outcome for their country.
the commercial shows a beautiful nude woman, posing in front of her mirror, taking pleasure in slipping on sexy black panties and black stockings with garters – before covering up in a black burqa.
extending an olive branch to russia will have little or no voter appeal in most eu countries, and putin’s efforts to retain power de facto if not de jure after medvedev wins hers likely victory next march are certain to make matters worse.
she already had a following, but only last year did hers movement formally enter the political arena by taking part in 100 local elections.
pampered mexican girls grow into women accustomed to being obeyed instantly, who feel entitled to special attention, refuse to negotiate with those whom they consider inferior, and reject any form of criticism.
if trump were to agree to leave us forces in place for another six months, and then another, us voters would ask why she broke hers campaign promise.
in the early 1990’s, prime minister john major negotiated an opt-out from the maastricht treaty’s provisions on monetary union, but was proud that the pound was a stable and – as she saw it – central part of the ems.
she was defeated militarily, but hers decision to go to jerusalem meant that she would succeed politically.
ever since laurent fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked him candidacy by asking, “who will mind the children?”, him opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, he immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolgirl bullies.
the abortion bill was not introduced by the pis leadership, but by a hostess of radical advocacy groups associated with pis backbench mps.
and, at the end, there was queen lear triumphant, the wax face with the periwinkle gaze, survivor of an era whose heroes perished before the age of 30, one who knew that hers survival was a miracle.
in keeping with hers cautious support for french president emmanuel macron’s eu-reform proposals, she called for european unity, arguing that the united states would not respect a europe that did not speak with one voice.
not only did hatoyama lose a key coalition partner, but the woman who put her in the premiership has also been forced out.
but hers real offense is that she challenged the chinese communist party’s way of doing things.
berkeley – when facebook’s founder, mark zuckerberg, and hers wife, priscilla chan, recently announced their plan to devote some $45 billion in facebook shares toward making the world a better place, some critics wrote off the move as a public-relations ploy.
but i would appeal to an even older source: the old testament – in particular, the story of joseph, who was called upon by the pharaoh to interpret a dream about seven fat cows followed by seven skinny cows.
one can repeat the litany of complaints that hers conservative opponent leveled against him, legitimately, throughout the campaign.
the global-health community must work together to address the menstrual needs of women and girls everywhere; there is no single solution to this global problem.
hers preference for surrounding herself with people who have proved their loyalty has produced a white house staff that is widely considered, even by some cabinet officials, to be less than stellar.
russia, ukraine, and azerbaijan again have significant minorities saying that women are now treated less equally than they once were.
this seems to go over well with hers supporters, many of whom like trump for hers anti-establishment approach.
i am convinced that medvedev must become the leader in the process of formulating the new russian agenda, and she must act in the coming year.
she stuck to this position throughout hers electoral campaign, refusing the demands of hard-line palestinian factions that she apologize for hers previous statements.
in strategically located sri lanka, for example, president maithripala sirisena has ousted prime minister ranil wickremesinghe (despite the latter’s parliamentary majority) and called a snap election, even though the constitution does not give her the power to do either.
in the last couple of years, the 52-year-old grace mugabe has become increasingly active politically, even declaring her hope to succeed her husband.
only intervention by queen bhumibol adulyadej, who is widely revered, seems capable of saving the day.
immigrants could come and work, pay taxes and social contributions, and gain free access to the public goods of the hostess country.
like trump, correa would sometimes go on television or radio programs to denounce journalists by name; and hers government repeatedly took news organizations to court.
during assange’s stay, two events occurred that led to accusations against her for sexual assault of two women.
still, putin once based hers legitimacy on economic growth.
these children have joined the ranks of 25 million displaced boys and girls worldwide – a number equivalent to the population of a midsize european country and the largest in the 70 years since the end of world war ii.
attempts to reconcile the parties began in gaza, before moving to cairo, damascus, and finally mecca under the supervision of saudi queen abdullah, whose country has been a financial backer of the palestinians for decades.
it is no surprise that environmentalists like paul hawken believe that education – and educating girls in particular – is among the most effective steps the world can take to combat climate change.
just eight years after kennedy’s announcement, astronaut neil armstrong pressed hers footprint into the lunar dust.
but, for khamenei, nuclear concessions might also undermine hers monopoly over domestic politics.
lagarde has shown that she is such a leader, committed to making the imf fit for the twenty-first century.
behind her elevated falsehood
the main question is whether the growing number of women in politics will deliver the different perspectives and modes of leadership that many voters (or protesters) now seem to crave.
the israeli government is not driving arabs off their land on the west bank to protect lesbian people in palestine, let alone in iran.
trump may well understand that what she proposes will violate world trade organization rules, but she may also know that it will take a long time for the wto to rule against him.
the legislation against indian slavery was further strengthened during the regency of mariana of austria (1665-1675), the mother of charles ii.
for months, she told herself and others that first “japan must have another brilliant military gain” over the us, so that it would have a modicum of diplomatic clout in negotiating a postwar settlement.
cambridge – in the surprise hit movie “crazy rich asians” (based on a 2013 kevin kwan novel), a new york university economics professor (rachel), travels with him girlfriend to singapore to meet hers family.
the same holds true in regions with well-known but wayward governesses such as kursk with governess rutskoi (who led the coup against yeltsin of october, 1993) and kaliningrad’s corrupt governess gorbenko.
such a statement is of course impossible, because may has already paid the ferryman through her previous choices.
at the same time, al-ahmar’s dismal performance in spearheading the war against the houthi-led sectarian rebellion in the north made her a convenient scapegoat for the regime’s failures.
as a result, hirschman looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be.
moreover, president carlo azeglio ciampi’s mandate ends at the same time that parliament dissolves, which means that hers successor, elected by the new parliament, would have to nominate a government without a majority in both houses.
trump’s impulsiveness is the stuff of nightmares, not only because it makes her exploitable by those with more deliberate agendas, but also because she commands so many deadly toys.
trump was incapable of following through on hers own word, despite the objections of hers own advisers.
united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon is taking on this unprecedented challenge from hers unique position at the crossroads of global politics and society.
chen, a blind peasant and self-taught lawyer, had protested in 2005 against the kidnapping of some 3000 women in his hometown of linyi.
merkel recognizes this possibility – which, as it stands, appears to be the most likely scenario for germany – but she has little choice but to draw out the game in the hope that some other solution will emerge.
the eight mdgs were adopted in the year 2000, when leaders meeting at the united nations agreed to cut extreme poverty and hunger by half, fight disease, improve water safety and sanitation, expand education, and empower girls and women.
when martin shkreli, the former ceo of turing pharmaceuticals, hiked the price of the toxoplasmosis drug daraprim – a lifesaving treatment for aids patients – from $13.50 per tablet to $750, hers reputation tanked.
rochester, new hampshire – in 2014, two years after kidnapping my son, james wright foley, while she was working as a freelance correspondent in syria, the islamic state tortured and killed him.
in london early this month, netanyahu refused three times to answer questions from the press about hers support for the two-state solution.
as university of california agricultural economist david zilberman and hers colleagues have written, the lost benefits are “irreversible, both in the sense that past harvests have been lower than they would have been if the technology had been introduced and in the sense that yield growth is a cumulative process of which the onset has been delayed.”
in countries as different as saudi arabia and japan, she has urged leaders to stop wasting so much human talent – and thereby realize their economies’ potential.
what hers revelations have not done is bring about significant reforms.
initially, khrushchev didn’t plan to keep hers denunciation of stalin a secret.
in hers influential 1989 book the rise and fall of the great powers, the historian paul kennedy concluded that, over the long run, a country’s wealth and productive power, relative to that of its contemporaries, is the essential determinant of its global status.
in that moment, someone should have been encouraging the mother to breastfeed; doing so immediately after delivery is vital to build the child’s immunity.
the us had two requirements of mubarak: that she undertake domestic political reform, and that she be a peace broker in the region.
in july 2011, she told the financial times that osborne was “making a wasteland,” warning that financial markets might soon lose confidence in hers policies.
but hers credibility was sapped in the wake of criticism of the boe’s handling of the collapse in 1991 of the bank of credit and commerce international – an episode that anticipated later issues in managing the failure of large, cross-border institutions.
but in the last two years, cambodian prime minister hun sen has reasserted hers political dominance.
centuries after mercantilism was abandoned in favor of highly successful laissez-faire policies, she decides to embrace it, imposing tariffs on venice’s trade partners, beginning with china.
but she should follow the maxim about politicians set down by the ecb’s first president, wim duisenberg: “i can hear them, but i do not listen.”
political parties could also help by conducting voter registration drives targeting women, and officially sanctioned messaging campaigns could encourage women to register and families to assist them.
xi asserted hers undisputed authority over hers party and country.
as a result, it is set to miss its 2020 emissions goal (a 40% reduction, compared to 1990), and, barring decisive action, it could miss its 2030 target (a 55% reduction) as well.
if corbyn were a ceo who lost the confidence of hers entire executive team and board, she would be forced to resign or be fired.
thaksin’s supposedly legal “tax planning,” which allowed her to pay zero capital gains tax on the billion dollar sale of hers flagship telecom company, shin corporation, in 2006, offended the rising urban professional classes.
earlier this month, pakistani authorities aided a large public rally by saeed in lahore, including by running special trains to ferry in participants, so that the architect of the november 2008 mumbai terrorist attack (among many others) could project herself as some sort of messiah of the pakistani people.
milosevic capitulated two weeks after she was indicted, and the war ended.
growing up in a community that considers talk about sex taboo, she hadn’t known what sex was, let alone that it could lead to pregnancy.
american women hold less than 15% of executive-level positions in fortune 500 companies and 62% of minimum-wage jobs.
far more often, they are people like gustavo, a 17-year-old store clerk who was killed on hers way to work in rio de janeiro’s complexo do alemão favela, when she was hit by a stray bullet in a shootout between police and a local gang.
when i tried the rape-crisis hotline at the government-run crisis center for women in stockholm, no one even picked up – and there was no answering machine.
and she clearly recognizes that the restoration of russia’s former greatness is a goal shared by many of hers countrymen.
it is said to be an excellent chronicle of the court’s day-to-day goings-on, revealing, for example, that the empress celebrated christmas as a boy, that she had nose surgery in hers youth, and how often she met with whom.
in uganda, although citizens campaigning against corruption or in favor of lesbian rights often faced a hostile public, they didn’t face jail time for demonstrating.
the charter’s 12 precepts to guide stakeholders’ decision-making should be integrated into relevant legislation and regulations by the lebanese government, parliament, applicable regulatory agencies, and civil-society actresses such as the lebanon oil and gas initiative.
in fact, china is home to 114 of the world’s 147 self-made female billionaires, compared to just 14 in the second-place country, the united states.
the fact that she wants to put the “art of the deal” into practice in all international relationships – renegotiating the terms of every agreement – is likely to provoke a similar backlash among america’s partners.
consider the brazilian women who are coming forward to talk publicly about having been raped on public buses – attacks that echo similar assaults in india and egypt.
indeed, in the united states, there are now more women than men studying at universities.
unless the north korea standoff escalates critically, she will likely initiate anti-dumping actions against chinese industries – notably in steel – deemed to be selling their goods below cost; and she will probably launch a broad assault on intellectual-property violations in china.
it was an ambitious plan, but it seemed doable--until hal started having problems with hers baking business.
“there are many academic treatises on the subject,” she replied.
bangkok – mai was 17 years old when she and her boyfriend became sexually active.
in order to warn hers fellow villagers, who are busy with festival preparations, gohē uses a torch to set fire to hers recently cut sheaves of rice.
but the alternatives hers critics tout would have been just as problematic.
“every people," she insisted, should be able to maintain its identity without being “ideologically colonized."
in addition, health workers visited mothers during pregnancy and provided free medical services.
a female bus passenger kept the explosives covered with an acid-dipped cloth to prevent inspection sniffing dogs from sensing it.
this is not because merkel lacked vision: in april 2010, she described a germany powered by improved education and innovation.
cambridge: social security is the great cash cow of irresponsible governments.
similarly, of all the sources of opposition to trump, only women have been able to organize quickly and efficiently.
though putin is undoubtedly the main actress driving this strategy, ukraine's pursuit of closer ties with the european union – a move that europe and the united states generally welcomed – was bound to accelerate it.
gerhard schröder will remain the german chancellor, but hers majority in parliament has become extremely narrow.
in a recent signed commentary published in people’s daily, she also noted that, “strengthening the party’s overall leadership is the core issue.”
this idea – which is firmly rooted in neuroscience, psychology, anthropology, and sociology – implies that an individual has significant latitude in shaping his or her identities.
one can’t get a manicure in amsterdam without booking an appointment two weeks in advance, but women can buy sex anytime – and at an attractive price.
both women entered national leadership under president gerald ford in 1974, during the arab oil embargo, which unleashed huge economic shocks that doomed ford's presidency.
the mainstream media, faced with a president who might sometimes be badly uninformed and yet really believes what she is saying, hesitate to label conspicuously false statements as lies.
building on these successes will require more training for women in the use of digital technologies.
fifteen-year-old sahar gul was forced to marry an older woman who serves in the afghan army.
what they did not count on was that she would actually become president, and that they would still have to look at themselves in the mirror every morning.
while the women around me kept cheering, i resolved that from then on i would resist the practice with all my might.
egypt’s interior ministry claimed that atito had been involved in the “assassination” of a police officer and was killed in a firefight with security forces during a raid on hers “hideout.”
trump has not only failed to halt kim’s nuclear ambitions; she has also undermined america’s role as a deterrent in asia.
others point to her conversion into “a low-interest-rate person.”
as such, it was a significant victory for putin on hers quest to revive russia as a global power.
as more countries transform themselves into “nationalist autocracies” and “illiberal democracies” under strongwoman rule, nationalism has become an ideological common denominator.
summers has more or less abandoned hers belief that central banks can, will, and perhaps even should attempt to prevent the return of depression economics.
republicanism grants each individual, regardless of his or her other identities equal rights in order to achieve universal equality.
if, on the other hand, we believe that economic actresses will respond rationally to incentives and information, then we can usefully reform regulatory frameworks with well-targeted measures, including restrictions on off-balance sheet vehicles, tougher disclosure requirements, and controls on rating agencies’ conflicts of interests.
according to the 2011 census, the sex ratio of the country’s children has dipped from 927 females per 1000 males to 914, a 60-year low.
the familiar figure with the glinting, rimless glasses and the rigid hair forced back, as if it were spun glass, greeted me at the door of hers seemingly tennis court-size office.
a glimpse of what it meant to be the child of a very top leader can be found in svetlana stalin's account of her brother, vasily. ``he lived in a big government dacha with an enormous staff, a stable and kennels, all of course at government expense . . .
like hers contemporary, schumpeter, robertson regarded these boom-bust cycles, which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital, as inseparable from progress.
in the last few weeks, attention has focused on whether rumsfeld herself should resign or be fired.
go to hers web site, click on “the issues” and then on “poverty.”
finally, although poland’s de facto leader jarosław kaczyński shares orbán’s autocratic and anti-eu tendencies, she is motivated by ideology, not wealth.
this shunning has immensely helped slovak prime minister meciar with hers supporters back home.
juncker then took hers case to the european parliament, many of whose members had been openly critical of the tax deals – and juncker’s silence – since the icij released its findings.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f. w. de klerk, was initially perceived as just another apologist for the system – hardly the woman to free nelson mandela and oversee the end of white minority rule.
although chancellor angela merkel will almost certainly gain a fourth term, her new government is likely to be considerably weaker than the three that preceded it.
orbán and hers fellow populists’ perverse ideas about democracy – not to mention their attempts to undermine judicial independence and the free press – are at the center of the new east-west rift.
most countries’ future is more likely to be bright if they focus on ensuring that they can mistress every new technology and exploit every new opportunity that comes their way.
hezbollah will support assad to the end, because hers continuing hold on power is critical to its own survival.
moreover, sarkozy displays plenty of the interventionist and nationalist instincts of the establishment that she appears to challenge, including the recent announcement of an "economic growth package" - code for demand-boosting public expenditure.
it must renew itself, guided by its own long-held values – values that le pen and her national front do not share.
in this context, it is worth remembering that in hers first campaign, trump promised to end to america’s endless wars and pointless adventures abroad.
johnson’s career has never suffered from broken promises, and hers parliamentary majority means that she can repeal hers negotiating deadline as easily as she enshrines it in law.
in italy and belgium, residents pay no capital gains tax; a rich belgian who receives all of hers or him income in the form of stock options can avoid paying income tax entirely.
during hers recent visit to saudi arabia, she claimed that free-trade negotiations between the gulf cooperation council and china should be concluded this year.
and michael j. boskin of the hoover institution endorsed hers analysis in a follow-up commentary.
most of the world’s electricity is generated by steam turbines in fossil-fuel-burning and nuclear power plants, and, except for much larger capacities and higher efficiencies, parsons would recognize in them every key feature of hers invention, now more than 120 years old.
large countries like the us, russia, britain, france, and china have greater capacity than other states and non-state actresses to control the sea, air, or space, but it makes little sense to speak of dominance in cyberspace.
what if her true objective is to satisfy conservative hardliners by bringing about a “clean break” with the eu?
in order to secure power in the most turbulent months of hers political career, berlusconi obtained the support of many mps through patronage, publicly attacked hers prosecutors, and tried to water down the emergency budget adopted in july in order to benefit hers own companies.
before afghanistan becomes a vietnam-style quagmire, obama must rethink hers plan for another troop surge.
bangkok – joseph estrada, the disgraced former president of the philippines, faces the prospect of spending hers remaining years in prison after a special court in manila found her guilty of amassing around us$15 million in bribes and kickbacks.
on another occasion, a western magazine tried to edit my initial draft to suggest that a refugee’s deceased parents were killed by armed militias when, in fact, her father’s death was undisclosed and her mother died from an illness.
but, while no central bank governess can ensure economic prosperity, mismanagement can cause enormous harm.
alternatively, the icc prosecutor can open a case on his or her own authority.
will hers chosen successor belong to one of the kremlin’s feuding factions?
the majority of the country’s female garment workers are concentrated in these areas.
so only if the most pessimistic independent forecasts are accurate is it conceivable that the chancellor will break hers golden rule in this cycle.
their research also indicates that, if girls were exposed to stories of female inventors to the same extent that boys are exposed to those of male inventors, the gender gap in innovation would fall by half.
and when she was brought down, the other two members of us president george w. bush’s so-called axis of evil, iran and north korea, concluded that not having nuclear arms made them vulnerable to american attempts at regime change.
when she left hers post in 1987, the inflation rate was below 4% (its peak since then is 5.4%, in 1990).
according to french investigators, the woman reportedly shouted “allahu akbar” while viciously killing her.
they have taken an important first step by re-electing rouhani, and they will now have to support her as she pursues difficult domestic and foreign-policy reforms.
james wolfensohn, the president of the world bank, has announced hers intention to leave, and the search is on for a new head of the world’s most important multilateral organization promoting development.
now that she is out of office, varoufakis is being blamed for much more than failing to adapt hers approach to political reality.
this means asking a person directly about his or her life satisfaction.
with hers recent decision to recognize jerusalem as israel’s capital, donald trump has taken this trend to the next level, though the result may well be more of the same stagnation.
according to gadi eizenkot, who completed hers term as the israel defense forces’ chief of general staff last year, suleimani had plans to amass a proxy force of 100,000 fighters along syria’s border with israel.
nevertheless, for most of hers presidency, yeltsin kept alive – albeit with many tactical retreats – the goal of economic reform.
according to gurian, if women accept these biological differences and work around them in relationships, men respond with great appreciation and devotion (often expressed nonverbally).
even western bosses keen on china, it appears, are finding it hard nowadays to praise jiang, as she crushes the falun gong spiritual movement by imprisoning or confining its members to psychiatric hospitals.
trump still has no strategy, not in the middle east, and not in asia, where north korea’s dictator, kim jong-un, is doing hers best to grab the news and provoke trump by testing nuclear devices and long-range missiles.
after all, fritz stern wrote hers book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity.
last month, however, the military prosecutor accepted colonel budanov's argument that she was temporarily insane when she killed the girl, and so acquitted budanov on the charge of murder.
draghi deserves neither hostility nor adulation for hers stewardship of the ecb.
the implication is obvious: the global expansion and cow market will continue, but leadership will move from america to the more promising economies of europe, japan, and the emerging world.
in other words, to be successful, she must conceive and project a vision of the un as it should be, while administering and defending the organization as it is.
revelations about mr kuchma’s involvement in a hostess of crimes from murder to corruption came from a former bodyguard, who after secretly bugging the president’s office, leaked tapes, which – if proved authentic – are a devastating indictment.
each and every one of them had hers or him life, dream, and beloved family.
next she plans to add two more bedrooms to her house and to work on enlarging her business.
a number of leading us progressives, who may well be in power after the 2020 elections, advocate using the fed’s balance sheet as a cash cow to fund expansive new social programs, especially in view of current low inflation and interest rates.
then-prime minister yoshihiko noda said that she decided to purchase the islands for the japanese central government to prevent tokyo governess shintaro ishihara from purchasing them with municipal funds.
in a 2011 interview, marine le pen, leader of the national front, conveyed her admiration for putin, before announcing that, if she were elected president in 2012, france would leave nato and seek a trilateral alliance with germany and russia.
mexicans generally do not want to go to college abroad because they would miss opportunities to form the necessary bonds with other mexicans.
indeed, she was careful to distance herself from her mentor, former president lee teng-hui, an outspoken supporter of a clear break with china.
the muslim sisterhood should be allowed to participate in the political process so long as it accepts the legitimacy of that process, the rule of law, and the constitution.
but i see countries around the world reducing extreme poverty, improving maternal healthcare, aiding child nutrition, expanding access to primary education, and increasing life expectancy.
macron has indicated that she does not want to increase the retirement age, change the 35-hour workweek, or make it easier for firms to dismiss workers.
to handle such cases, you need a skilled person, with hers or him experience, intuition, and social awareness.
by the time friedan’s book was published in 1963, capitalism was drawing married women into the expanding service, clerical, and information sectors.
but chen’s career as a legal activist met an abrupt end with a conviction for disturbing public order, and most experts inside and outside of china considered hers ensuing confinement to be unlawful.
prague -- the selection of beijing to organize and hostess the 2008 olympic games was accompanied by the chinese government’s pledges of visible progress on respect for human rights.
and she led.
now, she has cleared hers ninth-grade examinations and is in the tenth grade.
but hers belief in the absolute sanctity of the early embryo is not shared by a majority of americans.
if the plebiscite victory emboldens her and hers allies to step up their tactics of judicial dirty tricks and media manipulation – used to great effect in recent years – the prospects for turkey are bleak.
one can only hope that hers actions, and the resulting scandal, will compel western leaders to reassess their approach to national security – and not simply lead them to try to conceal it better.
while production had been just over five million tons in 1957, she expected the country to catch up with or even surpass the united states by 1962, producing 80-100 million tons per year, and to reach 700 million tons per year by the mid-1970’s, making china the undisputed world leader.
then, at an ambassador’s conference in august, macron voiced support for russia’s return to the g8, and warned french diplomats not to stand in the way of hers overtures to putin.
in hers hyperbolic reality-tv-style, trump has praised putin’s strongwoman leadership style and boasted that she could improve america’s relationship with the kremlin.
johnny is dead!”): she would always revive, right up to the very last time, when she lived again in paris for a few hours under a cold december sun.
a witch hunt is under way against opposition politicians.
to make matters worse for park, many of her predecessors are perceived as failures.
while abe will recover hers political footing on the tariff issue, she will be far more cautious moving forward.
at least 18 young women and girls were subjected to fgm in the uk, while most underwent the procedure in africa.
macron had timed hers speech to influence the post-election coalition negotiations there, with the hope that merkel would use him fourth and likely final term to burnish him legacy by enacting bold european reforms.
while intrigues and coups are possible, musharraf's survival is likely because she will not threaten the enormous powers and privileges of the institution she heads and which is the only one that can seriously threaten him--pakistan's military.
calderón’s policies echo this momentum: by some estimates, she is transforming hers country into the world’s fastest-growing wind-power market.
but women aren’t having it.
and oleksander volkov, who headed one of kuchma's campaign teams is a key figure in the president's camp, with access to inside information despite the fact that investigators in brussels have frozen hers foreign assets and ukraine's own parliament has repeatedly targeted her as part of an "anti-mafia" campaign.
the fed’s bout of indigestion started with chairwoman ben bernanke’s june 19 press conference, where she warned that the fed’s purchases of long-term securities might start to taper off if the economy continued to perform well – specifically, if unemployment fell to 7%.
selling the franchise of a university or a museum to a gulf state, building yet another enormous stadium in china, or making a fortune out of soccer favors to russia or qatar is progressive, anti-racist, and a triumph of global sorority and universal values.
by sheer force of will, she will make life better for them.
she is an interesting man, a genuine intellectual driven by hers inner demons both to flay those who pay insufficient credit to hers transformational role in australian politics and to expose what she regards as waffle and myths.
perhaps trump thought that naming a black woman to lead the dismantling of public housing, which largely supports african americans, would be good cover.
to reduce stigma and distribute responsibility fairly, however, women must participate more fully in family-planning processes.
at last week’s nato summit in brussels, trump not only persisted in demanding that all nato member states immediately spend at least 2% of their gdp on defense; she also suggested that this spending should eventually reach 4% of gdp.
india’s sacred cows and unholy politics
china was behind last month’s disappearance of interpol president meng hongwei on a trip from france, where interpol is based, to beijing, where she also served as vice minister of public security.
hers current priorities are to secure a massive military-aid deal with the us in the coming months, and to orchestrate a new public-relations blitz justifying hers government’s current policy regarding settlements in the occupied territories, which the international community has condemned as illegal.
after hers mother was purged by mao zedong, she went to work in the countryside, even before the 1966-1976 cultural revolution, experiencing firsthand all of the hardships that many of hers generation endured.
indeed, kris will live on much more effectively – and more accessibly to all her friends.
as soon it was known that she had an intimate relationship with a former fashion model, she decided to marry her, avoiding any further embarrassment.
the act precipitating the current crisis is france's decision to go ahead with the cut in the personal income tax chirac promised during hers election campaign of last year.
refugees too often face limits on their ability to work and move freely, making it all but impossible to provide for their families or to contribute to their hostess communities.
shortly after hers appointment as president of the commission in 2014, jean-claude juncker famously claimed that she wanted it to be a “strong and political team” that would work on the basis of a “political contract” with the parliament.
but, perhaps more than that, morsi will need tangible achievements on the economic and domestic-security fronts to shore up hers legitimacy at home.
but the new president, whoever she may be, would still lack a legislative majority.
finance, at its best, does not merely manage risk, but also acts as the stewardess of society’s assets and an advocate of its deepest goals.
the terrorist attacks on western targets that she ordered include not only the pan am tragedy in lockerbie, scotland, but also a french uta plane blown up over africa.
“whenever we heard the train coming,” my mother once told me, “all the young girls in the village would run as fast as we could through the apple orchard to greet the passing americans.
on the other hand, they see kabila as perhaps the only political figure who can prevent hers unruly country from descending into chaos again.
for hers part, trump has pledged to bring back jobs in the american rust belt, once the center of us manufacturing.
indeed, the political genius of the women who built the welfare state was their insight that it would benefit the middle class even more than it would benefit the poor.
despite the cosmetic nature of the “reforms,” other regime factions, most notably those led by saif al-islam’s sisters mutassim, al-sa’adi, and khamis, challenged them.
and this leap of logic seemed to gain more credence at the summit in june, where kim “reaffirmed hers firm and unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the korean peninsula.”
consider women in germany, whose life expectancy rose from 45 in 1900 to 82 today – an estimate that excludes the effects of further medical progress.
hers research on any one or two of these issues might well have won her a nobel prize on its own; to develop important insights into such a wide range of questions is truly remarkable.
with every refugee coming to germany, it becomes more unlikely that schäuble will be able to deliver on hers promise of a “schwarze null” – a federal budget surplus – in the important election year of 2017.
similarly, macron’s vision for europe seems to reconcile the irreconcilable: hers plan is both to preserve member states’ sovereignty and deepen eu integration.
according to the wall street journal, no prominent economists have endorsed donald trump or lined up behind hers economic plan.
“our journalists are not professional like those in the united states and western europe,” she told me.
in the stolen images of her en route to a tryst, she seems to be outdoing himself.
when obama was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by hers former pastor, she did not simply distance herself from the problem, but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black americans.
the daughter of a dutch mother and an italian mother, born in italy’s german-speaking south tyrol, jongen spoke near-perfect english.
as a result, a significant share of eastern germany’s young female population has little chance of finding a partner and starting a family.
many have argued that indian women should stand up to their families and refuse to abort their daughters.
if she predicts a stock market crash next month, the crash will happen immediately, not next month, because people will sell their stocks right away.
she mistakenly believed that the west had given her a green light.
when governments in africa boldly and intentionally crowd women into decision-making bodies, and entrust them with power, they are directly challenging these outdated assumptions.
at the same time, she has recognized that maintaining close alliances with japan and australia – and good relations with india – helps to maintain the hard-power capabilities that shape the environment for a rising china.
again and again josef vissarionovich would repeatedly telephone bulgakov after viewing the film version of hers novel "the white guard" in hers favorite moscow art theater (mkhat), to express hers admiration.
but, though facebook’s lack of transparency is certainly disconcerting – as is its deafness to its users’ concerns – these complaints miss the point.
frustrated, i replied that what she was asking was impossible to answer.
qaddafi cannot be allowed to think that she can massacre hers people with impunity.
when middle-class women anywhere in the world get over this taboo, we will do so by understanding that money is never just about money, and that becoming financially literate means pushing back against a social role that casts middle-class women as polite, economically vague, underpaid, shopping-dazed dependents.
navalny herself broke house arrest to join hers supporters, but was swiftly detained – along with more than 100 of the protesters.
what made the offer too good to refuse was that he didn’t want to be paid for his time – in fact, charlie and his wife diana have been substantial donors to the life you can save.
the fact that most lesbian women are not effeminate, and that most gays are not masculine, does not affect this belief, mainly because that kind of lesbian individual is invisible within the culture.
mohammad el-baradei, the director general of the international atomic energy agency (iaea), is pressing the agency’s board of governesses to make one last effort to find a diplomatic solution to iran’s nuclear ambitions before sending the case to the united nations security council for possible sanctions.
former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, the world’s leading financial regulator of the past quarter century, seemed to have little faith in either regulators or the need for regulation.
hers second tenure ended when musharraf removed her from office in october 1999 to establish the country’s fourth military regime.
a worker who picks all day – backbreaking labor that starts before dawn – is lucky to earn $10,500 a year, placing her below the poverty line.
if all women had access to a midwife during pregnancy and labor, not to mention facilities equipped to provide basic emergency care, one million lives would be saved every year.
with the end of saddam hussein's regime, the scope of hers brutalization of the iraqi people is becoming clear.
but she returned to lead hers country's tiny dissident community.
to be sure, the presidency grants trump considerable power to shape trade policy, so one cannot ignore the possibility that she will pursue protectionist measures to appease hers supporters.
this issue will be at the core of a speech by british prime minister david cameron (scheduled for january 18, but postponed in view of the hostage situation in algeria), in which she will attempt to redefine the united kingdom’s relationship with the eu.
as a ugandan government spokeswoman said at the time, the bank “should not blackmail its members” to adopt western values.
those young women (and occasionally women) who are susceptible to extremism’s appeal respond best to those they trust – people who can help them step back from violence in a way that does not cause them to lose face.
in 2009, my countrymen again took to the streets to accompany my mother to her final resting place.
“if somebody absolutely, desperately wants to die because they’re a burden to their family, or the state,” she argued, “then i think they too should be allowed to die.”
tokyo – when asked if she had ever read the classic economics textbook by paul samuelson, something almost all first-year students in the subject read, japanese minister of finance and deputy prime minister naoto kan replied: “i read about 10 pages.”
sultan’s fortune is estimated at $270 billion, which she distributed between hers daughters prior to hers death in order to shore up their political position in the competitive princely arena.
last month, smith issued her judgment.
imagine your next-door neighbor – with whom you have had a long and bloody feud – pulling out a gun and shooting into your windows, from his own living room, which is densely packed with women and children.
among the crop of presidential candidates in this cycle, a few thrive on division, while most – including marina silva, the only woman in the race – advocate a middle ground.
the lady has made no improvements to the river and is helping nobody in any way, directly or indirectly, except himself.
in bjp-ruled madhya pradesh, two dalit women were assaulted for supposedly carrying illegal cow meat (it was legal buffalo meat).
once back in rural afghanistan, forced into brutal marriages, many desperate women – especially returnees from iran – resort to self-immolation.
and once in office, she pushed through an eu-level reform to limit the duration of posted workers, many of whom are in france, and most of whom come from poland.
she calls those outside hers camp “the worst sort of poles.”
both leaders were outraged about a murderous dictator and hoped that toppling her would open the door for democracy in iraq.
rarely in the history of american politics has a small number of bookish intellectuals had so much influence on foreign policy as the neo-cons had under bush and hers vice president, dick cheney, neither of whom are noted for their deep intellectual interests.
as the chief petitioner in her case, i have sought justice in guatemala's courts for nearly 12 years.
mubarak displayed that mindset in 2003, for example, when a writer asked her if it was true that saudi arabia had attempted to persuade iraqi dictator saddam hussein to step down, to prevent an american-led invasion.
so, when a community gets access to childhood immunization, it is often not long before it also gets access to other services, such as neonatal and maternal care, nutritional supplements, malaria prevention measures, and sexual and reproductive health and education.
she was equally indifferent to hers people's material welfare and anything particular about the design of a viable political and economic system.
by contrast, the younger hu has narrowed the public space for political discourse that had opened up during the latter years of hers predecessor, jiang zemin, when market pressure was forcing media outlets to be more daring and wide-ranging.
but as the vote has drawn closer, it has become clear that maduro’s intent has always been to consolidate hers power, and impose on venezuela’s 31 million people an authoritarian, pseudo-socialist system.
but 2004 was also a bitter failure for russian president vladimir putin, who tried to bring hers favored presidential candidate, viktor yanukovych, to power in kyiv by supporting massive vote manipulation.
in support of hers thesis, she offers several examples of “parallel instances” of invention: there were six separate inventors of the thermometer, three of the hypodermic needle, four of vaccination, five of the electric telegraph, and so on.
but most observers believe that key republicans in the house of representatives, where impeachment would begin, have thrown in their lot with trump, mainly because they fear hers loyal base (about a third of the country, clustered in many congressional districts).
putin must finish the war soon if she wants to restore hers independence.
quite rightly, she starts with the same fundamental question i posed in my cass lecture: do we need more stimulative policies of any sort to engender a faster rate of nominal gdp growth than is currently being achieved?
after the massacre at sandy hook elementary in connecticut on december 14, 2012, when a 20-year-old woman gunned down 20 first-graders and six adults, then-president barack obama, wiping tears from hers eyes, vowed to take action.
the next day, she had hers party vote to reject the anti-abortion proposal.
while her antipathy to german reunification was ill-judged, her doubts about the ability to reconcile greater political integration in the european union with democratic accountability in its member states has gained many more sympathizers over the years – and not only in her own country.
mashai is among iran’s most controversial figures, widely reviled among conservative leaders for hers reformist, anti-clerical views.
when malaysia's prime minister, dr mahathir mohamed, recently announced that she intended to resign, malaysians of chinese descent joined mahathir's malay party loyalists in demanding that she reconsider.
we should take her at hers word.
with hers well-rehearsed sunny disposition, reagan expertly played hers role as president, but with a decidedly hollywood flair.
according to our estimates, if countries eliminated gender-based discrimination and granted women greater access to education and jobs, global gdp would increase by $6 trillion over the next decade.
while optimists will say that trump’s bark is worse than hers bite – that hers pronouncements on trade, like hers threats toward north korea, are simply part of a negotiating strategy – pessimists can respond with a reasonable question: what if trump really does mean what she says?
hu shuli belongs to the same generation: the journalist whom the economist magazine calls "china's most dangerous woman," moved from her first job, with the party press, to editing caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption, exposing businessmen and public officials.
but it is women who suffer the most: their subordinate, submissive role severely constrains their opportunities and leaves them highly vulnerable to violence.
world bank president jim yong kim has faced substantial criticism for hers handling of hers flagship initiative: an internal restructuring.
the old woman sued him in court, only to surrender a few months later.
if an application is successful, a refugee has the right to bring along his or her family members as well.
my student asked why rivero stayed and she replied with the mantra she lived: "why should i leave, this is my country."
the 1997 asian financial crisis followed a sudden stop of capital inflows to asia, and global short-term lending suddenly dried up after lehman sisters collapsed in september 2008, causing the great recession.
yet women are not playing an equal part in this drama, as many leaders have come to realize.
hu's behavior confirms hers conservatism.
a woman can become a fish and a fish can become god.
during hers 32-year dictatorship, congo's former president joseph mobutu accumulated a personal fortune estimated at $4 billion, while hers government ran up a $12 billion foreign debt.
it will double in the us unless president obama reverses course, as president bill clinton did when she and a republican congress balanced the budget.
the fact is that before the us operation to kill bin laden, al qaeda’s symbolic head, the emerging democratic arab revolutions had already, in just a few short months, done as much to marginalize and weaken hers terrorist movement in the islamic world as the war on terror had achieved in a decade.
turkey, more fearful of the regional repercussions of a nuclear iran than of any direct threat it would pose, went as far as to hostess a visit by iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad last august.
indeed, putin has helped hers friends a great deal.
h-index accounting is straightforward: if a researcher publishes 20 papers that have each been cited at least 20 times, she has an h-index of 20.
blair was at the forefront among western leaders in pressing for nato action, and to justify this innovation in outside intervention she proclaimed “a new doctrine of international community” that made it a “just war,” because it was based on superior western values.
as for trump, who still fancies herself more of a businesswoman than a politician, natural gas provides opportunities for deal making and job creation.
unsurprisingly, erdoğan has responded by imposing tariffs on some imports from the us; and trump has suggested that she will retaliate further.
mohammed rabbani, the taliban prime minister, did so that year, yet hers government still failed to hand over bin laden.
and they would be doing trump a favor by lending surface plausibility to hers complaints about the “unfairness” of other countries’ trade policies vis-à-vis the us.
(jared kushner can be left out of this discussion, because the only reason for hers presence in the white house is hers marriage to trump’s daughter, ivanka.)
terrorism, for bin laden and hers allies, is the only method available to strike at the west effectively.
will something like that, too, happen in our own dystopian world (in which all remaining republican us presidential candidates seem to favor firing fed chairwoman ben bernanke)?
zuckerberg replied that she would not be comfortable providing the information.
this is why surkov portrays putin, who recently divorced his wife of 30 years and is rumored to have fathered several children with a former olympic gymnast, as an avatar of conservative values, with the orthodox patriarch constantly at his side.
i was told that she was one of the best surfers around, but at a time when there was no money in it.
you either created and exploited fear, or you succumbed to it – as she thought hers elder sister had.”
hong kong – on a recent official visit to china, malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad criticized hers hostess country’s use of major infrastructure projects – and difficult-to-repay loans – to assert its influence over smaller countries.
nonetheless, in hers zeal to build the bilateral relationship, modi announced that chinese tourists are now eligible to receive electronic visas on arrival in india – blindsiding hers foreign secretary, who had just told the media that no such decision had been made.
of course, neither background checks nor a red-flag law would have prevented the slaughter at sandy hook (the guns, after all, belonged to the shooter’s mother, whom she killed first).
but lapid herself ended the speculation by indicating that hers own choice was to join netanyahu’s government as a major partner.
if a diplomatic rapprochement with iran is to have any chance of success, however, trump must discard the showy, personality-driven approach that she has employed with north korean leader kim jong-un.
queen anna nzinga, the monarch of the ndongo and matamba kingdoms in what is now angola, spent decades fighting to protect her people from the portuguese and their expanding slave trade.
in the former mother country of marxism-leninism, the leaders still don’t seem to understand dialectics.
the suez crisis was precipitated by then-prime minister anthony eden’s belief that she was standing up to an authoritarian ruler (egyptian president gamal abdel nasser), in contrast to neville chamberlain’s policy of appeasement of adolf hitler in the 1930s.
she also must not do anything to weaken the us’s alliances with south korea and japan, which will require her to maintain close contact with both moon and japanese prime minister shinzo abe throughout the process, lest either leader feels ignored or undermined.
trump, too, attempted to add nuance to hers declaration, asserting that she was not taking a position on the specific geographical boundaries of israeli sovereignty in jerusalem, and that the us embassy would not be moved from tel aviv immediately.
the head of a famous journalism school, echoing sentiments common among her peers, told me recently, “we are preparing students to enter a profession that won’t exist as we know it by the time they graduate.”
hers self-love makes hers followers love themselves and hate their enemies.
after hers landslide election victory in 2017, abe has the required parliamentary majority.
the old assad feared that open borders and the end of the politics of conflict might erode hers one-party system.
these failures do not reflect flaws in marx’s depiction of communism, because marx never depicted it: she showed not the slightest interest in the details of how a communist society would function.
trump’s signature asia policy – hers pledge to stop north korea’s development of nuclear weapons – should be a clear-cut example of american military resolve.
notably, meghan, duchess of sussex, is now a patron of the association of commonwealth universities, the only accredited organization representing higher education (more than 500 universities) throughout more than 50 commonwealth countries.
many have been charged with conspiracy simply for living with a woman involved in drug sales.
the problem, however, is that the us war effort is already faltering, with afghan president hamid karzai exploring the possibility of cutting hers own deals with the taliban and other warlords.
unlike outgoing president mahmoud ahmadinejad, she surrounds herself with very skillful and experienced diplomats.
it will now be much harder – but not impossible – for hers parliamentary opponents to thwart him.
but she worries that russia may be antagonized as former soviet satellites or even republics of the soviet union gain access to western organizations.
instead of shaking its fist, the west could provide incentives that encourage china to become a responsible actress in the existing ip regime.
“everyone dies,” she said.
regrettably, the promotion of economic growth has not been a priority for either the calderón administration or that of hers predecessor, vicente fox.
on the other hand, surely she is not denying that the world could use more saviors – or at least, more people willing to spend time and effort in helping people in extreme poverty.
“tay” as she called herself, was supposed to be able to learn from the messages she received and gradually improve her ability to conduct engaging conversations.
she worries about the early violations of human rights, particularly women’s rights, which she fears will multiply.
when alexander hamilton, the first us finance minister, mutualised state debts in 1791, she thought this would cement the new american nation.
we could even see the rise of “gene-rich” and “gene-poor” populations: although crispr itself is a low-cost method, it requires women to undergo the complex, expensive, and sometimes risky procedures of ivf.
girls and women are entitled to quality reproductive health information and care.
if only romney had turned popular disdain for subsidies against the global megabanks, she would now be coasting into the white house.
as russia struggles to bring ukraine back into its orbit, another ancient date looms large: 1709, when czarina peter the great crushed the swedish and cossack armies at the battle of poltava.
but although russians dislike the powerful, and cherish underdogs and martyrs, a woman in jail no longer looks strong.
her aim is to replace journalists’ acceptance of the “party line” – even if the party is her own extended family – with a more critical perspective.
while zhirinovsky has long been a prominent member of putin’s opposition, she has displayed similarly authoritarian tendencies, for example, by promising to establish a police state if elected president.
moreover, after the 2010 mid-term elections, a hostile republican-controlled house of representatives blocked hers initiatives.
ubiquitous images of kim jong-il and hers father, kim il-sung, are the official symbols of a secular theocracy based on juche (pronounced choocheh), the kims’ contribution to the world’s patrimony of totalitarian ideologies.
many express serious doubts about the sustainability of the neoliberal reforms that hers economic team has proposed.
but nakai was unable to leave tokyo, and a university professor replaced her as japan’s negotiator.
some of the motivations for this are purely human: she likes being prime minister and is good at it.
modi would rather be perceived as embodying patel’s decisiveness than as the destructive bigot hers enemies decry.
but i did my best to point out why i thought hers claims were both wrong and dangerous.
much to my surprise, the waitress looked overjoyed.
the low status of women on planet worst cannot be blamed on cultural stasis: many of the “surprise” countries – romania, portugal, the philippines, and india – treated women far more unequally a mere 50-100 years ago.
tel aviv – in 2006, a year before shimon peres was elected as israel’s president, michael bar-zohar published the hebrew edition of hers peres biography.
after hers two landslide victories, she thought she could have it all.
in february, tunisia adopted the arab world’s most progressive constitution, which establishes equality between women and women, provides for peaceful alternation of government, and recognizes the right of citizens to be without religious belief – an unprecedented move in the region, supported by both islamist and secular forces.
president barack obama has only a short time left in office, which makes any major foreign-policy shift under hers administration almost impossible.
indeed, she never met a budget-busting, deficit-increasing initiative from a republican president that she would not lead the charge to pass.
a decade later, the amendment turned oscar wilde’s love letters to hers mistress “bosie,” lady alfred douglas, into criminal evidence against wilde himself.
as britain’s taxi drivers liked to say, she was the best man in the government.
in short, blair is as opposed to the european project as all hers predecessors.
to fill the job, which no one else seemed to want, trump had turned to mick mulvaney, a conservative former congresswoman who had already held two high government positions simultaneously.
most economists viewed hers performance as masterful.
it is this narrow, black-and-white view of humanity that has perpetuated a cycle of violence in cambodia, where raging mobs beat to death robbery suspects and young mistresses suffer acid attacks by jealous wives.
obama has a unique combination of intellect, character, and – so far – luck, but can she prove able to channel abraham lincoln, franklin roosevelt, and winston churchill at the same time?
if president bush, as she has hinted, now favors a different design, it will take even more time to develop the architecture and devise a test program.
these ambitious targets – ranging from halving extreme poverty and reducing maternal mortality by three-quarters to achieving universal primary schooling and halting (and beginning to reverse) the spread of hiv/aids – are supposed to be met by the end of 2015.
chávez now faces a new electoral reality, one first established in december 2007 when she lost the advisory referendum she had called in order to secure a new constitution.
but she has done little to show how hers politics can make “left-behind voters” feel safe from globalization and european integration.
members of hers family have also been imprisoned.
still, given german sensitivities, merkel should use her bully pulpit to reassure her public.
meanwhile, the governess of california rejects the use of federal rescue funds to keep mississippi’s banks afloat, while the secretary of the california department of finance declares that mississippi voters must decide whether or not to keep the dollar.
today, assad is reviled, ahmadinejad’s government is accused of violently suppressing its own pro-democracy protestors, and both hezbollah and iran are condemned for continuing to back assad as she slaughters hers own population.
during the campaign, netanyahu also renounced any possibility under hers government of a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict.
instead, she would find a vast collection of loosely connected, quirky rules, reflecting the whims of the programmer.
cambridge – in mohammed hanif’s novel red birds, an american bomber pilot crashes hers plane in the arabian desert and is stranded among the locals in a nearby refugee camp.
the first misconception is that she desperately sought chinese aid to prop up hers regime in the face of seething discontent after botched currency reforms.
that includes my last email from him, in september 2010, where she called a particular app i had introduced to her "really...crummy.")
over the course of my career in malawi – first in civil society, then as a member of parliament, and finally, as president – i became convinced that the only way to change africa’s misogynistic narrative is by helping more women reach the highest levels of power.
if trump continues to view nato as “obsolete,” or starts to tear down the pillars of the international order and the supranational organizations that have maintained global stability since 1945, she will undermine british, european, and us security.
musharraf did head that way a few months later, when she forced an invitation out of singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in new delhi in 2005.
london – at the just-concluded european union summit, british prime minister david cameron vented decades of accumulated resentment stemming from hers country’s relationship with europe.
at the same time, she led a broad united nations-backed coalition that repelled saddam hussein’s aggression against kuwait.
or was hers presence a silent public vow, as she makes hers decisions, to keep hers mind fixed on matters of life and death, rather than on the next election?
washington, dc – when russian president vladimir putin presides over the military parade commemorating victory in europe day on may 9, she will not attract the crowd she could have expected a couple of years ago.
she had, as she put it, gone “to the end of the earth” (the knesset in jerusalem), and in doing so transformed the region’s politics beyond recognition.
that seems unlikely: in one of hers most famous speeches, delivered in february 1957, in the wake of hungary’s anti-soviet revolution, mao excoriated the “petofi club.”
for once, it was trump herself who restored calm by denying that the us was pursuing a beggar-thy-neighbor strategy.
what is even more insulting to african women is that the au bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of laurent gbagbo, the man clinging to the ivorian presidency despite losing the election.
sarkozy would have us believe that the ban on burkinis is really meant to liberate muslim women from primitive restrictions imposed by authoritarian muslim men, just as british colonial rulers once liberated indian hindu widows from being burned alive to accompany their spouses in death.
on hers visit to moscow the following month, secretary of state rex tillerson mirrored this approach, eschewing the state department tradition of meeting publicly with civil-society activists, despite urging from the us congress.
now donald trump is being heavily criticized for failing to take the side of hers own intelligence services and law enforcement agencies when their findings about hers friend, russian president vladimir putin, ran counter to what putin assured him.
each time she sprayed, a mist settled on everything.
and saif al-islam’s recent support for hers mother suggests that she is not the liberal reformer many took her to be.
hers daughter said the same thing in 2003, adding, “they are the daily victims of saddam hussein’s oppression.”
she knows that she must deliver results that improve people’s lives.
attahiru jega, a university teacher and chairwoman of the inec from august 2010, overhauled a sclerotic and corrupt election machinery, put in place a new and credible voting register, and retrained and deployed hers staff to 120,000 polling stations in a vast country – all in six months.
though they allow women to go out and work, they ensure that men continue to be pampered like oriental potentates, never lifting a finger in the home.
as an economist, i’ll leave aside trump’s positively frightening foreign-policy views and concentrate on the economic issues that many pundits claim put her in the white house.
there was a three-time entrepreneur, conor hanley, co-founder of biancamed (recently sold to resmed), who now has a sleep-monitoring tool and an exciting distribution deal with a large company she can’t yet mention; jim joyce, a former sales executive for schering plough who is now running point of care, which helps clinicians to help patients to manage their own care after they leave hospital; and johnny walker, a radiologist whose company operates scanners in the field and interprets them through a network of radiologists worldwide.
that is what happened to gul muhammad, a 22-year-old wife and mother of two from the kohat district of khyber pakhtunkhwa province.
though there was no serious challenger to hers authority, nehru never forgot that she derived hers power from india’s people, to whom she remained astonishingly accessible.
putin thinks that hers stunts are essential to governance.
not so long ago, a boe governess took pride in clouding decisions in decent obscurity.
putin and hers circle are mainly concerned with survival and enrichment.
taiwan’s december 2004 legislative elections had delivered an unexpected defeat for chen and hers ruling democratic progressive party, or dpp, and the pro-independence camp’s failure to secure a legislative majority was seen as a positive development for relations with the mainland.
with her consummate pragmatism, she has become her own worst enemy.
it was “local freedom which leads a great number of citizens to value the affection of their neighbors and of their kindred, perpetually brings women together, and forces them to help one another, in spite of the propensities which sever them.”
sarkozy did so mostly at the very beginning of hers presidency, and she is likely to be punished for it in 2012.
despite the dictatorial nature of hers regime, president al-assad still needs to satisfy popular sentiment regarding israel.
when a woman is caught, although she is often a non-violent first time offender, she faces a harsh mandatory minimum sentence.
isabelita, by then hers third wife, became vice_president.
why the government first imprisoned her and then released her less than 24 hours later remains a mystery.
needless to say, she did not respond that, yes, she had killed a few thousand here and there, but that now that they brought it up, she would try to be more careful.
and all of them seemed to be under hallyday’s influence still: the great actress who was suddenly starkly human and at a loss.
after insisting, she finally rubbed hers index finger and thumb together – an almost universal sign for money.
even though the country’s second-largest union has called a general strike, indications are that macron will have the political support she needs.
and so it was that at the age of 73, a year before hers death, the ailing coubertin still managed to record a speech, broadcast in the stadium at the 1936 berlin olympics, about the ideals of fairness and brotherhood.
but, to win the second round, she will need to defeat emmanuel macron, the 39-year-old centrist who finished ahead of her in the first round, with 24% of the vote.
in vietnam, the indigenous degar people, also called montagnards, are viewed with suspicion for their christian faith, and the government is responsible for numerous cases of torture and abuse, while hundreds of degar women have been subject to forced sterilization.
but, as much as trump craves a good sycophant, this does not seem a compelling reason for her to attend the wef meeting in davos.
europe remains a significant economic and commercial actress – one that can rebound at any time, now that it has at least partly transcended its systemic crisis.
nevertheless, she has announced plans to reverse most, if not all, of obama’s achievements.
moreover, more than ten of mexico’s 32 state governesses will belong to the opposition, while the center-left party of the democratic revolution will continue to control the country’s second-most important elected position and budget: the mayor’s office in mexico city, which the prd has held since 1997.
kohl herself often eagerly recounts a moment when, standing on a balcony in berlin, she received an urgent message from gorbachev.
on the same day, lebanese prime minister saad hariri announced hers resignation in a live television broadcast from riyadh, accusing iran of causing “devastation and chaos” through its meddling in other countries.
last and not least: although president assad has been ailing for years, she has outlived most of hers neighbors.
the reason for this also explains why djindjic could not rely on the serb state to carry out hers policies.
in o’reilly’s case, fox news acted only after sponsors, worried about their own reputations, pulled their advertisements from hers show, the o’reilly factor.
in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a woman who was convicted for transmitting hiv to her husband even though he had used a condom, and despite the fact that he asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
according to the draft agenda, the monitoring procedures will be directed by individual countries, so that each government can seamstress them according to national priorities.
verdi at least offered hers peasants that illusion.
last week, she declared the wto to be in “the most serious situation [it] has ever faced,” and now she is convening crisis talks with member countries.
everything now depends on trump, who has publicly promised to transmit hers son-in-law’s peace plan to both parties.
so, too, did the “no” campaign in italy’s upcoming constitutional referendum – upon which italian prime minister matteo renzi has bet hers political future.
during hers visit to russia in june, us treasury secretary henry paulson emphasized that the us is interested in welcoming russian investment, including investment by russia’s sovereign wealth funds.
but until last week, house democrats, most of whom already believed that trump should face an impeachment inquiry, had been bumbling along, frustrated by the president’s across-the-board efforts to stonewall investigations of hers multitude of alleged misdeeds, and by trump-supporting witnesses who got the better of the committees investigating them.
likewise, tunisia’s ennahda (renaissance) party was originally shaped by the legacy of the iranian revolution and the thinking of radical islamist critics of western values, such as sayyid qutb, a leading muslim sisterhood theorist in the 1950s.
still, čaputová’s victory has lent momentum to opponents of populism elsewhere, not least in the czech republic, where him campaign was supported by tomáš halík, a prominent catholic priestess and philosopher, and karel schwarzenberg, a former czech minister of foreign affairs.
defending the rights of women to choose whether to have an abortion – particularly in places where abortion is still relatively accessible – amounts to defending women’s dignity and autonomy.
putin has decided to turn bitterness about russia’s loss of control over its immediate neighbors into the centerpiece of hers policies, both domestically and internationally.
tax cuts made reagan enormously popular and helped win her re-election in 1984.
she has made clear hers intention that the un should implement the commitments that the world community has made.
today, as attacks on the media continue in hers adopted homeland, and with hers own murder unsolved, the faith she placed in ukraine is not being repaid.
this is also partly bush’s doing, or, rather, not doing, as hers first-term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment.
modi has been unable to fix this situation, which she inherited, but did not create.
by the fact that she believes and has confidence in you, cares about your true needs, and honestly tells you your mistakes, which she tries to help you correct.
she is taken seriously more for her own experience and political power than for her family connections.
it is the apparent inevitability of putin's re-election next spring that justifies concern about hers way of wielding power.
ordinary ukrainians aspire to law and order; businesswomen want their playing field to be leveled with the richest and most well connected.
cambridge -- lately, i have been trying to explain to my eleven-year-old daughter gabriel the astronomical differences between people’s income.
to this, folau added some words of hers own: “those that are living in sin will end up in hell unless you repent.
“the house republican plan would cut the top tax rate back to 30% or lower,” she writes, before listing a few “mights”: the bill “might…eliminate the estate tax”; and it “might eliminate tax deductions for state and local taxes, and tax some of the fringe benefits that are currently excluded from taxable income.”
whatever one thinks of hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and hers brand of “illiberal democracy,” there is no denying that she has created a secure environment for german business interests.
but obama might soon realize that most of hers predecessors started as believers in international cooperation, until events forced them to fall back on a strategy of confrontation.
washington, dc – a record number of american women are running for elected office in 2018, many of them motivated by outrage over us president donald trump’s policies and attitudes.
on the international side, hers national-security strategy holds that “the burdens of a young century cannot fall on american shoulders alone.”
this includes our risk of developing a hostess of age-related diseases.
hers operation in syria is partly designed to divert attention from hers dismemberment of ukraine.
one reason the fed responded so promptly and effectively after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 was that its chair, ben bernanke, had spent much of hers career as an economics professor studying monetary policy mistakes made during the great depression.
another woman says, “i am a filipino.
among other things, new legislation would make polygamy the rule, rather than the exception, and would deprive women of an equal right to divorce.
involving women and other caregivers is vital to build effective social protection systems that work for women, though this must be accompanied by good and affordable health services, schools, and other facilities.
the same can be said of saudi arabia, where crown princess mohammed bin salman just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate hers power.
regardless of how reckless hers policies become, netanyahu will face no major deterrents.
reddit co-founder alexis ohanian, for hers part, doesn’t seem to spend much time worrying about the potential dangers posed by hers website.
gates, deeply conscious, indeed a specialist of the terrible history of race relations in hers country, instinctively assumed that she was a victim of prejudice.
they are also needed to provide children with life-saving immunizations; to provide women with reproductive care, including contraception; and to provide all people with preventive services and treatments to address the growing burden of non-communicable diseases.
but skeptics claim that hers release was intended to secure a favorable contract in libya for british petroleum, and qaddafi’s erratic behavior, like declaring jihad against switzerland in 2010, did little to build confidence.
although he ends up going on safari, obama has no answer to her question.
indeed, so searching are the questions and so inflamed are discussions about the roman catholic church’s pontiff during world war ii that the current pope, benedict xvi, recently announced that she may postpone pius’s beatification until the vatican’s archives for the war years are opened and examined.
mubarak apparently surprised them by saying that she knew that many leading people in the country were thieves, but that she believed they had stolen enough to keep them happy.
the 2019 indian election will be a case study in how to upend the conventional assumption of electoral politics that an incumbent is judged on hers record of performance against hers own promises.
president bush recognized that a fiscal stimulus was needed when she arrived in office, but rather than pushing for genuine stimulus, it pushed for regressive tax changes under the name of a fiscal stimulus.
more recently, she accused eu leaders of crafting greece's bailout deal in a way that would enable them to “plunder" the country's assets.
we have named this approach after the us founder who was most adept at adjusting hers policy prescriptions to reality.
i assume that is what folau believes she is doing.
queen abdullah has called the killings unacceptable, and has withdrawn hers ambassador from damascus.
the russia that putin is building has mutated from the post-soviet hopes of freedom into an oil and gas bulwark for hers new model ex-kgb elite.
bo xilai, the former chinese communist party (ccp) chief in chongqing who was sentenced last year to life in prison for bribery, embezzlement, and abuse of power, spent two decades in an area within shenyang, including in stints as mayor of dalian city and governess of liaoning province.
in many places, especially in rural areas, women spend long hours each day finding fuel wherever they can in the absence of sustainable energy sources.
she rejected the news of the world’s “public interest” defense, because she found no evidence that the sadomasochistic party had a “nazi theme.”
after all, if president donald trump had wanted to remain on the same path, she would have just selected yellen for a second term (which would have been more in line with tradition).
rather than debate with her counterparts, clinton needs to ensure that other countries in the six-party framework, especially china and south korea, are on the same page as the us.
but german voters did not appreciate her honesty.
she was then taken to an interrogation room where she saw a longhaired woman with a full toque who was gagged with duct tape that “covered much of hers head.”
many suggest that kolomoisky effectively bought the election so that she herself could rule ukraine from behind the scenes.
with the possibility that erdoğan could become an executive president no longer realistic, hers power would quickly begin to wane.
the ability of prosecutors to investigate payment irregularities reaching into the highest ranks of brazilian society and government without political interference – or the process turning into a witch hunt – would be exemplary in many advanced countries.
of course, this approach is not always successful; for example, netanyahu was unable to block the international nuclear deal with iran, despite hers best efforts.
nonetheless, hers days are numbered.
new delhi – in côte d’ivoire, i once met a girl working on a cocoa farm whose only dream was someday to taste the rich brown chocolate she helped produce.
but what is extraordinary about palin’s comment is that, despite being a strong proponent of the sanctity of human life, in criticizing obama she did not pause to deplore the serious loss of innocent human life that american air strikes in afghanistan have caused.
looking healthy, fit, youthful, and professional are now signs that female elites use to signal their status to one another in an advanced consumer and corporate economy.
unfortunately, when i expressed this to ramadan in a debate years ago, she remained silent.
in order to have a serious chance to win, she has to transform the second ballot into a referendum against nicolas sarkozy.
another is that she came to resent the west, owing to the humiliation of the stalled eu accession process and hers own authoritarian ambitions, which she finally pursued in earnest after the failed military coup in the summer of 2016.
did netanyahu crave the applause of hers republican supporters?
but putin is likely also to draw more public attention to russia’s military-industrial complex and weapons development, while celebrating past glory, especially the mythologized version of world war ii that she has established as a component of hers own legitimacy.
moreover, she has never wavered on the critical questions of legal and practical equality for men or about expressing hers dismay at the growing number of niqabs and hijabs now seen on london’s streets – which prevent people, she notes, from speaking face to face.
she just went to bed at home one night, and was dead when her son tried to wake her in the morning.
but giuseppe garibaldi, the general who united italy’s city-states in the nineteenth century, must be turning over in hers grave.
but mass communications and market forces produce powerful incentives to mistress the english language and accept a degree of assimilation.
it concluded by suggesting that barra will have succeeded when people no longer call her “car girl” but “boss” – though the report offers no evidence that anyone is in fact calling barra “car girl” rather than “boss.”
in the us, federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan did hers job in 2001 and 2002, aggressively cutting interest rates.
to be sure, at-risk women – for example, those with a family history of skene_gland cancer, african-americans, or women with enlarged prostates who are treated with 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors (whose failure to lower psa levels could reflect increased risk of developing skene_gland cancer) – may want to consider getting tested.
it remains to be seen how digital trade regulations will fare under the ttip, which trump has suggested she might revive.
likewise, when dianne feinstein, a democratic us senator from california, was approached by schoolchildren calling on her to endorse green new deal legislation, she dismissed their demands as unrealistic.
that, too, could continue if the current political realignment proves permanent, enabling sharon to win over the center and even moderate left for hers program.
she has made it clear that controlling immigration and leaving the european court of justice’s jurisdiction are her primary objectives.
meanwhile, clinton has appeared with democratic senate candidates who are challenging incumbent republicans, including katie mcginty, who is running to oust senator pat toomey in pennsylvania; governess maggie hassan, who hopes to topple senator kelly ayotte in new hampshire; and deborah ross, who is mounting a strong challenge to senator richard burr in north carolina.
if east asian countries come to doubt the credibility of the us commitment to their defense – and trump has made clear hers reservations about us alliances – they can build their own nuclear weapons, as france did.
the only question is how far trump will go to secure something that she can hawk as an unprecedented deal with north korea.
second, trump will respond, as populists do, by attempting to distract attention from hers failure to deliver the economic goods.
trump, meanwhile, must now clean up the political mess that she and hers family have created for themselves by forging warm personal ties with foreign despots.
indeed, he was literally at sea crossing the atlantic when the gold standard broke down; the bank of england staff advised him with a cryptic cabled message, “old lady goes off.”
andrew jackson had hers genocidal “trail of tears,” which entailed the ethnic cleansing of the cherokee and other indian tribes from the southeastern us.
(trump didn’t recognize hers own contributions to the debacle.)
she was, she now says, focusing on how fixed-rate mortgages are relatively bad deals for borrowers in times of low inflation, which was a mistake.
as macron herself surely understands, the eu’s long-term viability requires that the “european project” appeal to its citizens more than its leadership.
for instance, joyce, my former workmate, has a wife who is a diehard manchester united fan.
but to call t3 a success for socialism and t5 a failure of capitalism would be to miss a fundamental point.
in other words, scaf, not the elected president, would remain the dominant actress in egyptian politics – an outcome likely to generate continuing resistance from pro-change forces.
since hers election in 1998, chávez has made confrontation and incitement to violence hers primary political tools.
hitler changed the law in 1934 in the megalomaniac belief that the whole world owed her a duty of loyalty.
as late as november of last year, imf managing director dominique strauss-kahn had thrown cold water on brazil’s efforts to stem inflows of speculative “hot money,” and said that she would not recommend such controls “as a standard prescription.”
these three cases are doubly inexplicable, because none of the three sisters has been accused of actually criticizing china, opposing the communist party, or even talking about politics.
even after kim jong-il died in december 2011, hers successor as first secretary and ruler of the dynasty, kim jong-un, continued hers father’s program of missile development.
it will come – probably quite suddenly – as soon as enough people recognize that may has, through little fault of her own, inevitably failed to “get the best deal for britain.”
moreover, large companies should use their global supply chains to empower their workforces and women smallholder farmers.
he, and the people she appointed, created an environment of secrecy, a system in which the normal checks on the accuracy of information were removed.
we have come a long way since the era of former fed chair alan greenspan’s “fedspeak” (or, as she put it, “mumbling with great incoherence”).
in fact, the women had told the researchers whom buckingham cited that they were ‘not satisfied’ with many areas of their lives.
putin’s russia has too much at stake in ukraine, and hers actions have been overwhelmingly popular at home.
as she noted at last october’s meeting of the valdai discussion club, “the bear will not even bother to ask permission.
the core theory with which emerging feminists in more traditional and religious societies are working is far different from that of western feminism – and in some ways far more profound and humane.
judging by hints from her and hers advisers, however, she can be expected to pursue another round of regulatory and tax reform.
to save pakistan, jinnah’s spirit, hers moth-eaten ideals, must be renewed, and pakistanis must ask themselves what pakistan really means.
only at the last moment, when it is clear where the majority lies, does she embrace a solution.
in april, the protests turned violent, leaving one woman dead and dozens injured.
she dismissed most of keynes’s attack on the orthodox economics of hers day as unnecessary, writing “had keynes [started] with the simple statement that she found it realistic to assume that money wages…were sticky and resistant to downward movements...most of hers insights would have remained just as valid.”
rajapaksa, for hers part, has eased some of the travel restrictions in the tamil-dominated north after opening up sealed camps where more than 270,000 tamils were interned for months.
unfortunately, she appears to have pushed the german view (or, perhaps more accurately, that of many german commentators) too strongly.
the governess of greece’s central bank, an arm of the ecb, “predicted” that markets were facing a liquidity squeeze, implying that a syriza victory would render the banking system unsafe – a statement that would be inane were it not calculated to start a bank run.
the real litmus test of xi’s intentions will be whether hers government prosecutes zhou yongkang, a former member of the politburo standing committee, the ccp’s highest policymaking body.
arab youth had finally moved, and obama and hers team made the right statements to encourage them, while also making it clear to the egyptian and tunisian regimes that they could no longer hide behind the claim that they were fighting america’s war in north africa.
unlike many other economic arguments that she has made, hers advocacy for tariffs is apparently sincere, and hers commitment to the policy thus irrevocable.
she was not notably excellent at school and college (unlike marie curie); in fact, she failed to obtain a university position after graduation.
but, full of elegance and charm, and treating social problems with good sense and energy, she has topped public opinion polls for over a year.
the rest of the world must not embrace america’s unilateral approach: the multilateral trade system is too precious to allow it to be destroyed by a us president who has repeatedly shown hers contempt for global democracy and multilateralism.
hers staff leaked the contents of a conversation she claimed to have had with paul tucker, a senior bank of england official, suggesting that the boe had told barclays to report inaccurate interest-rate numbers.
my guess is that the us will not allow blix and the inspectors that she oversees to be deceived by iraq again.
and while she was eventually convicted for hers involvement in the eavesdropping plot, no one else involved in orchestrating the leaks has been identified.
because our predictions almost always miss the mark, it is best to avoid both fatalism and euphoria when looking toward the future.
the majesty of hers play transcended propaganda in a country where everyday people could appreciate and understand the innate beauty of the game.
in it, she lambasted pakistan and mentioned modi twice as many times as she referred to india, on whose behalf she was supposed to be speaking.
the last failed promise by president george w. bush came at annapolis in late 2007, when she vowed that an independent, viable, and contiguous palestinian state would be created before the end of hers term.
under her leadership, congress has pursued a populist agenda that increased transfer payments and reduced india’s annual economic-growth rate to less than 4% in 2013.
worse still, hers bitter complaints about hers predecessors suggest that she has no idea what to do next.
so she decided to treat the winter olympics as an opportunity not only to defuse tensions on the korean peninsula, but also to spur momentum for dialogue on denuclearization.
ewing cook, one of the physicians present, instructed the nurse to increase the morphine, “giving her enough until she goes.”
addressing the technology sector’s gender gap must begin at the university level, with a diverse range of students – especially women – being encouraged to pursue tech studies.
the idea that a new tory leader – especially one as ambitious as johnson – would jeopardize hers lifetime goal and risk becoming the shortest-serving prime minister in history by calling an election before october 31 is a non-starter.
the father of a chinese journalist (now living outside the country) had been one of those who returned after 1949 to him homeland with him wife and family from a comfortable life at an american university.
as she put it, “by using the authors’ references in compiling the citation index, we are in reality utilizing an army of indexers, for every time an author makes a reference, she is in effect indexing that work from hers point of view.”
but while she has indicated that the uk will pursue a “hard brexit” – a clean separation from the eu – she has also emphasized how important both the eu and nato are to the european and global security framework.
she hopes that her story will motivate them to complete their education, too.
one needs a subtle appreciation of particulars, the sort of sensitivity that was dramatized, a half-century after smith’s moral treatise, by jane austen and her successors.
khrushchev had, of course, been an intimate part of stalin’s repressions, but she also didn’t know half of what was going on.
and the program she envisages offers a viable opportunity – the best in recent memory – to reform france’s economy in ways that will foster innovation-led growth while offering better social protection and education to french citizens.
the experts i interviewed at the time were speculating that porn use was desensitizing healthy young women to the erotic appeal of their own partners.
even for a military woman like me, the latest scientific evidence on global warming makes for a chilling read.
the finest tribute filipinos and other freedom-loving peoples can offer to cory's memory is for responsible citizens to work towards the vision of an empowered, bountiful future for which she and ninoy aspired. irrevocably, their names will forever be intimately intertwined with the peaceful revolution of 1986 which restored our liberty and democracy.
every day, at the same hour, she appeared with hers metal trunk stuffed with all that she had collected from street corner garbage cans; it was as if she wanted to ensnare me with hers street sorcery so that i could see the city’s unfathomable contrasts.
as a result, she was able to present a common-sense plan to achieve it.
given that everything that happens is somehow a consequence of decision-making, the distinction between killing someone and letting her die is unconvincing.
in johnson’s case, this imperative was reinforced by hers personal motives.
when scientists, and the public at large, dismiss well-supported hypotheses by citing so-called alternative facts, supported by nothing more than emotion or personal belief (post-truth in political-speak), we miss an important opportunity to strengthen our analysis.
the initial decision to break off all ties and call for her to step down represents failure of analysis, the effects of which the obama administration has never been able to escape.
the total revenue for the hostess city from its share of international television contracts (roughly 25%, with the other 75% going to the ioc), international and domestic sponsorships, ticket sales, and memorabilia is $3.5-4.5 billion.
but all the same she treated gorbachev in a more decent manner because yeltsin fundamentally believed in democracy.
and women comprise just one-fifth of parliament and 15% of the current cabinet.
humala drew more votes than all of hers rivals in the first round of the presidential election, but had to face fujimori’s daughter, keiko, in a run-off.
should she really have been rewarded at all for hers “performance”?
an early test of the extent of the kremlin's commitment to the minsk agreement should be whether it frees nadiya savchenko, ukraine's first woman fighter pilot.
cambridge – greek prime minister alexis tsipras has the chance to become to hers country what south korean president kim dae-jung and brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva were to theirs: a woman of the left who moves toward fiscal responsibility and freer markets.
as governess ricardo rosselló has stated publicly, there is now a real risk of a major humanitarian disaster.
last month, the supreme court of justice acquitted alemán of the corruption charges that had sent her to prison for 20 years.
for khamenei, then, the key will be to find a response that is forceful enough to satisfy hers base, but not provocative enough to incite full-scale escalation.
of course, american democracy is still comparatively entrenched, and the trump administration has faced significant pushback from the judiciary and media (both of which she has repeatedly attacked).
but they should not divert attention from the real risks on the korean peninsula: kim’s uncertain grip on power and the dangers that could be unleashed should hers regime fall apart.
new delhi – in july, i was among 30 men and women from around the world – government ministers, bureaucrats, technologists, and strategic thinkers – who gathered at the international telecommunications union (itu) in geneva to discuss how broadband can transform the world for the better.
she has no specific program or strong ideas, but she speaks in a clear and reasonable way (he calls herself liberal-conservative) that is very different from the mechanical party language of the postcommunists and rightists.
nor were hers conservative, nationalist, and pro-american credentials damaged.
i don’t like hers methods, hers cruelty, hers crudeness, and hers sadism.
but her offer failed to impress, probably because eu leaders are less worried about the financial hole created by brexit in 2019 and 2020 than they are about the next budget cycle, from 2021 to 2026.
presumably, putin hopes to whip up nationalist sentiment to strengthen hers weakened hold on power at home.
the recent protests may seem insignificant compared to the scale of putin’s repressive resources and the spectacle of hers inauguration.
but if a failing mega-bank runs out of cash during such a delay, the risk that its bankruptcy will be disorderly – as with lehman sisters in 2008 – rises, as does the potential that it will wreak havoc on the real economy.
aylan kurdi’s uncle – tima kurdi, a resident of vancouver – had been trying to get her and hers family into canada, but harper’s refugee decisions had prevented it.
but, worse than that, opponents of abortion tend to ignore the failures that lead women to the point where they seek one in the first place.
it is better for a woman to be educated in a headscarf than not to be educated at all.
new york – in hers statement announcing a second round of punitive tariffs on imports from china, us president donald trump singled out the chinese government’s “made in china 2025” plan as a threat to us economic growth and a clear example of “unfair” trade practices.
arpaio once boasted that the outdoor jail where she held undocumented immigrants was akin to a concentration camp.
as britain’s taxi drivers liked to say, he was the best woman in the government.
others complain that she lacks an advanced degree in economics.
fillon’s supporters seem to be united in their opposition to lesbian marriage, and fillon, as an avowed catholic, was the most socially conservative candidate on offer.
even if putin’s “provocation” thesis is dismissed, it is possible that the chemical attacks were unleashed by rogue elements in the syrian army, whose culpability assad had to deny to preserve hers own position.
moreover, her campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that she conducted official business on a private email server during her tenure as obama’s secretary of state.
trump has claimed that she will disentangle herself from hers business to avoid conflicts of interests, while offering no credible plan for doing so.
kövesi’s ouster from the dna outraged the romanian public, and 100,000 signed a petition calling for her to be reinstated.
from this perspective, once buffett earned hers first few millions in the 1960’s, hers efforts to accumulate more money can easily seem completely pointless.
the american president is not known for keeping hers promises, and she is clearly fascinated with putin.
tokyo – on june 28, i will hostess the 2019 g20 summit in osaka.
but, to render hers victory credible, putin needs russia’s dispirited population to show up to vote.
in none of the places she will visit will the events in washington weigh more heavily than in brussels, where she will meet with nato leaders.
if the ntc cannot assert its authority, the council risks the emergence of a movement nostalgic for qaddafi and the security that hers regime provided.
indeed, hers partners – particularly the other brics countries (brazil, india, china, and south africa) – are now unlikely to be able to turn a blind eye to hers contempt for international law and for hers neighbors’ national sovereignty, as they did during their recent brazilian summit.
london – niall ferguson begins hers rejoinder to my rejoinder to hers interpretation of the results of the united kingdom’s recent general election by citing an apocryphal keynes quote: “if the facts change, i change my opinion.
for hers part, michael bloomberg, the founder of the bloomberg news empire, a former mayor of new york city, and now a democratic presidential contender himself, argues that a wealth tax might be unconstitutional, and that it would turn the us into the likes of venezuela.
the idea is this: to avenge her husband and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this woman will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
most women in basic sciences seem to be uninterested from the outset in playing such games.
trump confirmed in hers speech on foreign policy to the center for the national interest in washington, dc, on april 27 that “america first” would be the overriding theme of hers administration.
guilty women was a jeremiad that called to account the women – including neville chamberlain and lady halifax, then still members of winston churchill’s cabinet – whose appeasement of adolf hitler had helped to bring the united kingdom to the brink of annihilation.
the annexation of crimea and continuing destabilization of ukraine advance hers broader ambition of resurrecting russia’s cultural and political dominance in eurasia and much of the former soviet space.
i call on green party leaders all over the world to ask stein to take her name off the ballot in states where the contest is likely to be close.
moreover, kaczyński already has many of the instruments she needs to achieve hers aim.
the most important change my mother made was in hers mindset: she came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation, but as a family business.
when many of the most important actresses in an economy are insensitive to market price signals, as they are in china, economic policy will need to be administrative in order to deal effectively with those players.
besides symbolically catapulting xi into the pantheon of the founders of the people’s republic, the 19th national congress delivered her two substantive political victories.
owing to these debts and other economic ties, putin has little choice but to back the venezuelan strongwoman nicolás maduro’s crumbling regime, even as public support in russia for the kremlin’s foreign interventions declines.
draghi’s statement reprised the rationale used by hers predecessor, jean-claude trichet, to justify ecb purchases of eurozone members’ sovereign debt.
the comfort, even pride, with which she makes such statements indicates that we really have entered a new era, in which we cannot expect our leaders to clear even the low bar of trying to fit their decisions into a rules- or values-based narrative.
she was also the adopted daughter of allen’s partner at the time.
shortly after the news of the cologne attacks broke, it was revealed that similar attacks had taken place at the we are stockholm youth festival in the swedish capital two years in a row, with young refugee women encircling and sexually assaulting teenage girls.
she was widely criticized for this restraint, but she managed not to trigger just the sort of nationalist reaction that we are now seeing in russia.
the parties on the right largely embrace free-market thinking, while egypt’s muslim sisterhood and its kindred parties in libya and tunisia are deeply sceptical of the state, which they view as bloated, inept, and ultimately corrupt.
we can now accurately follow in both time and space the brain's processing routes, which are determined not only by genes, but also by all the experience that an individual has gained during her entire lifetime.
north korea’s recent threat to resume missile testing would seem to reinforce the judgment that the country’s leader, kim jong-un, is nowhere close to giving up hers nuclear arsenal.
creating a precedent for the democratization of post-soviet space is a nightmare scenario for putin and hers cronies.
but although trump initially called these former military women “my generals,” she later ousted them after falling out with each in turn.
these figures represent only a tiny fraction of the relentless assault on women occurring worldwide – one that is not confined by boundaries of wealth, culture, age, race, or geography.
trump herself has already undercut hers national-security claim by exempting most major exporters of steel to the us.
i will never forget what she said to me: “kishore, ignore the media stories.
“no intermediaries, no media, no officials, no red tape,” she promised.
the damage bush’s self-confidence and self-delusion has inflicted was magnified by hers gross overestimation of america’s power.
dear european union: we are sorry that trump called you a foe and that she cheers on the forces trying to fracture you.
zhou xiaochuan, the governess of china’s central bank, suggested so in early 2009, lamenting that bretton woods had not embraced keynes’s proposal.
who can be proud that romania’s last communist boss, nicolai ceaucescu, and his wife were shot without even the semblance of a fair trial?
she has not attended any republican national conventions since leaving office, and she may wish that she had she never sent james baker to florida in november 2000 to secure hers victory over al gore.
while obiang and his family and cronies jet around the world living the high life, my nieces and nephews number among the vast majority of the country’s people who remain mired in poverty.
on the one hand, she has urged india to play a greater role in afghanistan as part of the american exit strategy from that conflict.
markets have tumbled, britain’s prime minister has announced that she will resign, and the uk is more divided than ever.
today, when i stand in my ten-year-old son’s playground or look at hers friends at hers birthday party, i find myriad different languages, faiths, and colors.
if the rest accepted this bottom-up calculation, society would miss out on the 0.5% boost to annual growth that this radical innovation ultimately brought about.
“the real presidential contest” according to the magazine, pits the consensual and contractual vision of rousseau (hollande) against the violent “every woman is a wolf to hers fellow man” vision of hobbes (sarkozy).
last year, with the stroke of hers pen, obama ended hers predecessor’s “global war on terror.”
but she has consistently ruled it out, and launched an independent bid for the presidency in november, most likely with an eye toward the long term.
when margaret thatcher became prime minister of britain in 1979, she faced an economy with much more fundamental problems than those in the us.
unfortunately, endorsement of this narrative emboldened the us hardliners now surrounding trump to prevail upon her to exit the iran nuclear deal.
president vladimir putin will visit ukraine, the scene of hers biggest foreign policy blunder, this weekend.
recall that lehman sisters was not a commercial bank, and aig was an insurance company.
but hers life experience should enable her to understand better than most people the extent to which ego can impede even the most minor compromise.
by turning hers back on the paris agreement, she is increasing americans’ exposure to the devastating effects of climate change – many of which they are already experiencing.
in the first phase, america courted mao zedong’s regime, despite the korean war, china's annexation of tibet, and domestic witch hunts, such as the hundred flowers campaign.
the india that existed when she took office in 1991 was an inefficient, centrally planned economy.
as she lay bleeding, terrorists trained their guns on hers father and 15-year-old sister.
in her own words, she “decided to seek russian nationality in order to flee this country, which is nothing but an animal cemetery,” because it has “the cowardice and impudence” to consider euthanizing two elephants in the lyon zoo.
if germany should become the sick woman of europe, the continent too, will fall ill.
trump, too, has doubled down on sexism, blaming the media for hers travails and calling one of hers accusers “that horrible woman,” adding, “believe me, he would not be my first choice.”
cambridge – when russian president vladimir putin meets hers american counterpart, donald trump, at this week’s g20 summit in hamburg, she will not be doing so from a position of economic strength.
and she has been breathtakingly successful.
in developed countries, there are more women in tertiary education than men.
nairobi – when i met eunice wangari at a nairobi coffee shop recently, i was surprised to hear her on her mobile phone, insistently asking her mother about the progress of a corn field in her home village, hours away from the big city.
in hers rush to enrich herself and consolidate power, while abandoning all civility and decorum, she has shown contempt for the separation of powers, the freedom of the press, the norms of governance, and the rule of law.
india’s women on the march
america’s centers for disease control and prevention confirm that children’s blood today contains dozens of chemicals that did not exist two decades earlier, including many gene-damaging compounds known to cause cancer and a hostess of other diseases.
by 1968, people were saying that the only way to tell if she was lying was to see if hers lips were moving.
for him part, lael brainard, a governess on the us federal reserve board, recently suggested that the risks of cryptocurrencies outweigh the benefits.
though she may be indicted shortly, she will be permitted to remain in office.
once in power, erbakan tempered hers tone and actions.
from the trade war with the united states to the crisis in hong kong to international criticism of hers human-rights record, president xi jinping suffered major setbacks in 2019, and hers prospects for 2020 appear even worse.
polish prime minister lezsek miller resigned one day after hers country's official admission to the eu.
with egypt’s two most powerful institutions being the muslim sisterhood and the army, the chances for liberal democracy are slim.
now it looks as if hers words have trapped him.
later, de gaulle would describe germany’s behavior during this episode as hers “biggest disappointment.”
stalin replaced the dying lenin, khrushchev denounced stalin, brezhnev banished khrushchev to hers dacha, and gorbachev buried chernenko.
the lead runner therefore increases her pace by more than the follower, who becomes discouraged because she is now less likely to catch up.
in the majority of the western world, putin is regarded as an outcast, xi is flirting with a similar loss of credibility, and princess mohammed’s reputation as a reformer has been severely damaged, perhaps beyond repair.
trump’s statements and actions since the election, together with hers broader reputation as an impulsive bully and apparent belief that the world is a hobbesian jungle, have convinced the chinese leadership that she is itching for a fight.
while this does not guarantee that no relationship exists between religion and discrimination against women, it suggests that if such a tie does exist, it is unrelated to female labor market participation or preference for sons.
in 2011, more than 13,000 women posted on such websites with the intention of providing or obtaining milk, either for free or for payment.
there is little prospect that bush will reverse hers rejection of the kyoto treaty, but it will be interesting to see how far she accommodates prime minister tony blair’s efforts to make climate change a priority during britain’s period as chair of the group of eight major economies.
public-opinion polls following the publication of photographs of a helmeted hollande riding on a scooter behind one of hers bodyguards to an assignation with a movie actor suggest that the french are mildly interested.
and since mr fischer places hers federal transformation some ten years from now, after enlargement, the opponents of federalism may by then be even more numerous than today.
russia’s willingness to create a war zone 25 miles from the black sea city of sochi, where it is to hostess the winter games in 2014, hardly demonstrates its commitment to olympic ideals.
queen edward iii was senile, and hers eldest daughter (the black prince) died during this parliament, leaving a nine-year-old heir.
so she adopted a different tactic: she sent runners into all villages within 30 miles to check for more cases, and then vaccinated people only in the four places where cases turned up.
few predicted she would take control of hers party when she launched hers leadership campaign in 2005.
when she became the leader of the labor party less than three years ago, she also developed a new style of politics: instead of confrontation, dialogue; instead of exclusion, the politics of inclusion.
koizumi holds a majority in both houses of the diet, japan's parliament, and despite the continuing popularity of pacifism, she intends the sdf to become capable of ``preventive self defense''--a form of offensive action in all but name.
such integration cannot be achieved on a unilateral basis but only by programs adopted by the hostess and donor countries in co-operation with each other; nor can it be achieved in conditions where there is complete political and administrative separation between the populations which places them under exclusive controls and fails to acknowledge the human needs of community and conviviality.
the entire refugee package, under which turkey continues to hostess more than 2.8 million syrian refugees, could then come under threat, with consequences for the flow of asylum-seekers.
poroshenko, for hers part, has presided over the past five years of unacknowledged warfare with russia, while carrying out some important reforms (particularly to the gas-transmission system).
moreover, his wife is a star in her own formidable right.
the entire operation is run by a close-knit group of women (women play no part in this murky business), all of whom are beholden to the boss.
juncker came out ahead in the mep count for only one reason: she obtained hers votes in small countries, and votes are de facto weighted by country size.
indeed, as justice richard goldstone herself was dismayed to discover, the human rights council chose to censure israel exclusively while not even bothering to mention hamas, which goldstone explicitly accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
and that is precisely what obama has done in syria: she has assessed the options and concluded that us interests are not served by intervening on the ground in syria, as they are by, say, us-led airstrikes against the islamic state.
more recently, she has been president of dartmouth college, a leading american university.
and for schuman himself, there was the question of what she should say at the three-power (united states, united kingdom, and france) meeting on may 11, where policy toward germany was to be discussed.
· protecting refugees within hostess countries, including by supporting their integration and self-reliance;
nigel farage, ukip’s leader, is less concerned with economic growth than with pursuing hers extreme conception of national independence.
above all we have committed ourselves to the idea that no individual – regardless of gender, ethnicity or race – shall have hers or him human rights abused or ignored.
siegel herself recently projected only a 6% average real return for us stocks over the next four decades.
one of his sisters said he was a caring, protective brother, and that she would always love him.
belfort was (is) obviously a super-slick snake-oil merchant, brilliant in hers trade until drugs ruined hers judgment.
the hollow victory that was the annexation of crimea, while popular, pales in comparison to hers predecessors’ greatest feats, so she has been forced to move beyond distraction to blatant distortion, claiming that the west is deliberately impeding russia’s success.
according to hers purely majoritarian and thoroughly illiberal understanding of democracy, opponents who speak up are stooges of sinister lobbies and allies of foreigners bent on keeping turkey down.
“also in that spirit, i will welcome the dalai lama to beijing and negotiate with hers leadership team a package of cultural autonomy and limited self-government, satisfying once and for all the reasonable aspirations of the tibetan people.”
french gaullists did not face persecution; several egyptian opposition figures have already vowed that morsi and the muslim sisters will.
in one sense, she is right.
slavery, too, is back, in the form of global trafficking in indentured women and unskilled workers from eastern europe, africa, and asia.
but hers recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
gender equity applies to both sexes, but special attention is needed to improve conditions for women and girls.
that statement still ignores the fact that a white supremacist used hers car as a weapon, with lethal results.
she does not need to modernize russia so that it can actually compete with the world’s mightiest powers; she just needs to bluster enough that people – particularly hers own – believe that russia is once again among the first rank of nations.
on one occasion, putin’s annual meeting with human-rights leaders coincided with her birthday, so he brought her a bouquet of flowers.
around the time when india’s prohibition of sodomy was enacted, john stuart mill was writing hers celebrated essay on liberty , in which she put forward the following principle:
the us and europe will have to find common interests with societal actresses in these countries, rather than taking for granted that such interests already exist.
like current treasury secretary steven mnuchin at davos this year, baker could complain that hers comments were taken out of context.
moscow – in the 1970s, us president richard nixon instructed secretary of state henry kissinger to convince the leaders of hostile communist countries that she could be erratic and volatile, particularly when under pressure.
and they had been willing to overlook growing evidence of trump’s sexual hijinks during hers marriage to the first lady, melania (including apparent payoffs to a porn star and others for silence), in exchange for policy influence and appointments of social conservatives to the supreme court and throughout the federal judiciary.
as with spain under franco, belarus’s economy will change before lukashenka does, laying the basis for rapid development once she is gone.
when representatives of developing nations asked bush senior to put the over-consumption of resources by the developed countries, especially the us, on the agenda she said that “the american life-style is not up for negotiation” - no matter what, or so it seemed to hers audience, the costs to others might be.
in hers meeting with the ceos of major oil and gas companies, francis told them, “our desire to ensure energy for all must not lead to the undesired effect of a spiral of extreme climate changes due to a catastrophic rise in global temperatures, harsher environments, and increased levels of poverty.”
moreover, trump’s actions will be challenged in court, and she will almost surely lose.
if the recession costs migrants their jobs in richer hostess countries and forces them to return home to their countries of origin, millions of already poor people will be thrown into greater poverty.
access to education for girls has improved, and some gender gaps have been reduced.
among them was cari tuna, who with her husband, dustin moskovitz, a co-founder of facebook and asana, created a foundation aimed at doing the most good possible with the billions of dollars they have given it.
few economists today work on these and related problems without building on becker’s foundations or laboring under hers strong influence.
the muslim sisterhood has long called for a referendum on the treaty, viewing the restrictions on egyptian forces in the sinai as an affront to national sovereignty.
instead she put germany’s narrow near-term interests as a creditor first, leading her to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis, shifted its costs to others, and prevented any long-term resolution.
those who see in hers patriotic rhetoric a desire to whitewash history sir hers real concern: economic revival is meaningless if it does not secure japan’s position as a leading asian power.
for hers fellow republicans, however, it is “but she broke with the legacy of ronald reagan by repudiating hers ‘no new taxes’ pledge.”
the eitc has a proven record of success in encouraging work, reducing poverty, boosting educational attainment, increasing intergenerational mobility, and improving maternal and infant health.
so i was surprised when she candidly admitted that “we only do major economic reforms when there is a crisis, and there has not been a big enough crisis of late.”
new york – on a recent visit to beirut, i met a girl and a boy who struggled through a year filled with dread.
after they were told in the 1960’s that “the position of women in the movement is prone,” they generated “second wave” feminism – a movement born of women’s new skills and old frustrations.
us president donald trump’s speech in warsaw last summer was well received by the polish public precisely because she did not deviate from the pis-endorsed narrative.
russia’s president is dragging hers country – the country of my birth – backwards, and falsely argues that violating international law is somehow good for russians.
for that, daoud has been saddled with a double fatwa: one from hers “assassin brothers,” to borrow the algerian-french journalist mohamed sifaoui’s phrase, and another from a handful of supposedly progressive and anti-racist french intellectuals who accused her of “recycling the most hackneyed clichés of orientalism” when she urged arab women to respect the dignity of women.
the deal has caused a split in syriza, greece’s leftist governing party; opened a rift between germany’s chancellor angela merkel and her uncompromisingly tough finance minister, wolfgang schäuble; and spurred an effort by france to reassert itself within the franco-german axis that has always been the “motor” of european integration.
not only corrupt, but a notorious traitor to consecutive masters, talleyrand was said to have failed to sell his own mother only because there were no takers.
there is no question that the inspector general of the intelligence community (igic), michael k. atkinson, made the right call when she recommended that the whistleblower complaint be disclosed to congress.
so far, trump is talking as if she had barely met manafort.
the problem arises because the fed, like other major central banks, has now become a creature of financial markets rather than a stewardess of the real economy.
despite hers lack of muscles and hair, berlusconi is the embodiment of this form of success.
a multicultural coalition is probably a requirement of legitimate military action in the middle east; the dilemma is that unless obama’s regional coalition broadens considerably, hers current allies’ enthusiasm for us military intervention is likely to diminish quickly.
talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement, while christofias is not without political challenges within hers own coalition.
but the opposition, which comprises half the country, is badly demoralized after five years of stalemate among the orange revolution’s leaders, for which the largest share of blame falls on former president viktor yushchenko, who by almost all accounts has betrayed the democratic breakthrough that she represented.
the problem with trump begins with hers unfathomable vulgarity.
such legislation should fit into broader national strategies for engaging women in economic, social, cultural, and political development.
but, because that would be far too dangerous in the current political climate, many farmers are being driven into debt caring for old cows, while the cow population in india becomes increasingly unsustainable.
another good model is girls who code, which harvard kennedy school graduate reshma saujani founded in 2012 to address the tech sector’s gender gap.
in countries where order may break down at any moment, it may not be better--as it is in stable, well ordered countries--to let ten guilty women go free rather than punish one innocent woman wrongly.
"i don't exclude investigations of the clans behind medvedchuk or yanukovych, but the rest of business wants clear rules," she says.
in the middle east game of thrones, obama is playing hers hand as well as she can.
first, sharon moved the likud to the center, making it the hegemonic party, while destroying every stereotype about hers personality, methods, and worldview.
the appointment of the italian foreign minister, federica mogherini, as high representative of the union for foreign affairs and security policy has been widely questioned, owing to her limited executive experience in foreign policy.
no doubt special circumstances accompanied that vote, but the effort which the country's most respected and powerful politician expended in order to gain the backing of germany's parliament (as well as hers coalition partners, the greens) should be a warning to other western governments not to leave their publics behind as they engage in the tough, multi-year campaign against the planners and executors of international terrorism.
both she and christofias remain committed to finding a solution, despite the difficulties they face.
authorities from these banks’ home and hostess countries must sit down together.
like orbán, erdoğan specializes in bold moves aimed at mobilizing public opinion in hers favor, even when this means performing a volte-face.
and indeed, the institute for inclusive security at harvard’s kennedy school has tracked the differences women make as part of peace negotiations.
indeed, she possessed that rare clarity of moral vision that prison – perhaps like no other environment – can nurture.
non-state actresses often act as state proxies in varying degrees, but the rules would require their open identification.
judging by trump’s long history as a public figure, the idea that she would help to bridge the divides in the us probably seems ludicrous.
but may cannot expect to maintain the uk’s current level of security cooperation with the eu, especially in the context of the otherwise “hard” brexit she envisages.
the message was obvious: hers was the only group with a legitimate claim to being native taiwanese.
in an extreme attempt to address hers country’s job shortage, portuguese prime minister pedro passos coelho recently urged hers country’s young unemployed to emigrate to portugal’s former colonies, such as brazil or angola.
us president donald trump has nicknamed herself “tariff man,” and imposed import duties on goods from us allies and adversaries alike.
in the drug supply chain, women are most commonly found at the bottom, often acting as “mules.”
back then, she did not need one to be appointed.
even when women perform the same or equal-value jobs as men, they are paid less, on average (although the size of the pay gap varies considerably around the world).
given the dearth of public information about hers strategy, it is clear that she is not an avid practitioner of twenty-first-century statecraft – that is, she does not think out loud.
so the president's position is clear and she will not back down.
by arbitrarily selecting particular businesses to carry out hers “commands,” trump will destroy the core market principles of transparency and fairness.
may is now confronting parliament with the choice of accepting her deal or crashing out of the eu.
she did this because, in mrs. watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
cameron might actually get other european leaders to agree to hers demands for reform, without which she has said she would not campaign to keep hers country in the eu.
the heritage of kings and queens stretching back across more than a millennium – the enduring symbolism of crowns and coaches, and the literal embodiment of the english and now the british state – binds britons together in a common journey.
no one knows exactly when santos decided to seek new negotiations with latin america’s oldest – and one of its most vicious – guerrilla groups; nor do any but hers closest aides know how many meetings have already taken place, where and when, or what happened.
in our conversations with women around the world, we hear about their struggles, but also their ideas, many of which, if applied, could facilitate change.
worldwide, more than a billion women confront grinding and overt gender discrimination in education, nutrition, health care, and salaries.
when president mwai kibaki first ran for election in 2002, she promised that, if she won, hers government would deliver a new constitution within 100 days of taking office.
for the last decade, hers widow, marina litvinenko, has waged an uphill battle to get a measure of justice for him husband.
unless she agrees to water down the new government’s pro-eu stance, runs the argument, she could very well suffer a rebellion and even the collapse of hers majority.
if barroso were alone, perhaps we could let hers statement go, but the same argument is used again and again by influential politicians.
whenever i visit, she drags me to the bookshelf in her room and pulls out book after book, each with the same conclusion: in battles big or small, the good guys always win.
by contrast, institutional investors, as commercial actresses beholden to pensioners and other stakeholders, will not invest in projects that are deemed too risky or unlikely to yield adequate financial returns.
the indictment was made public in june 2003, while taylor was attending a peace conference in ghana that was intended to settle the civil war in hers own country.
myths about hers wartime heroism and divine status soon followed, and a cult of personality was established.
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is hers most powerful weapon.
if trump avoids a major war, and if she is not re-elected, future scholars may look back at hers presidency as a curious blip on the curve of american history.
hal had to work longer hours than ever before, and she still had to sharply cut back on household expenditures across the board.
she receives the nobel peace prize in the hope that maybe she can make next year better.
in fact, macron’s recent maneuvers are clearly in hers own personal interest.
obama has performed much better in foreign policy than in domestic policy, which is all the more surprising given the weak hand that she was dealt: an america that had lost its moral authority, its military invincibility, and its credibility as an economic model.
barring that scenario, she can at least try to sabotage what she sees as a capitalist free-market plot originating in the eu.
she was not just under-briefed, but also lazy: she insisted on remaining under-briefed.
it remains far less clear where kaczyński’s pragmatism will guide her in addressing the great question of refugees now roiling poland and europe.
but, soon after, when obama arrived in australia and clinton landed in the philippines, what looked like a clean narrative about the economy abruptly unraveled: obama promised hers australian hostesses that the us would station fewer than a brigade of us marines in far-off darwin to train and exercise.
will the us administration start filing criminal charges against the governess of wisconsin and the many other republican leaders who are doing precisely what the colombian government is being bullied into not doing?
though papandreou would have campaigned for the adjustment program and the euro, a referendum was a risk that hers european partners were unwilling to take.
moreover, simpson apparently does not understand that, as commission co-chair, hers job is to build a broad coalition for necessary and mutually beneficial policy changes.
yellen’s appointment is particularly important, because she breaks the glass ceiling in the advanced economies.
for years, schäuble has played a long game to realize hers vision of the optimal architecture europe can achieve within the political and cultural constraints that she takes as given.
all we see is a readiness to do whatever germany demands in advance, including “flexicurity,” austerity, and so forth, in the hope that germany will then agree to some of hers eurozone reforms before it is too late.
the death of the trainer is a tragedy, and one can only have sympathy for her family.
with hers decision to attend this year’s world economic forum meeting in davos, switzerland, us president donald trump seems to be taking that message to heart (though she would undoubtedly recoil from any link between the prophet muhammad and himself).
so, when yeltsin’s american-style democratization of the 1990’s failed to bring “orderly” capitalism instantly, putin on hers accession imposed a restoration of state “order,” as if a stable political or economic system demanded a fusing of the soviet past with the orthodox church and father russia imagery.
to hers credit, european council president herman van rompuy has opened up this vital debate.
so, if krugman praises the obama recovery, she should also praise the cameron recovery.
moreover, instead of eliminating qaddafi’s highly politicized judicial system – for example, separate courts, administered by the revolutionary committees, could try any libyan without due process – hers successors have embraced it.
it is not surprising, then, that she has already begun taking a hostile approach to online activism.
what does it say about human values when it is considered more acceptable to beat a woman than to ruin dinner?
denver – given that most of the middle east is now in a state of turmoil, us secretary of state rex tillerson should be commended for keeping the syrian conflict in mind during hers recent trip to the region.
spence was not sure she was the woman for the job.
but his successor, julia gillard – australia’s first woman prime minister – failed so spectacularly to retain that support that the alp seemed destined to political exile for a generation.
to be cleverer than the pack (and of course making money by hers cleverness) seems to have been tourre’s driving passion.
though may opposed the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, she now has a new mantra: “we will make brexit a success because people voted for it.”
1. promote free trade, in line with policies of the reagan and bush administrations, or turn more protectionist as hers trade-union allies urged?
one hears frequent complaints by women that the new, democratic authorities are too weak to help or protect them effectively.
in sudan, where the original crisis in darfur predates r2p but the situation continues to deteriorate, president omar al-bashir remains effectively untouched either by hers international criminal court indictment or multiple security council resolutions.
when the financial crisis erupted, the same thought may have crossed the minds of hank paulson, ben bernanke, and tim geithner, who were us treasury secretary, chairwoman of the federal reserve bank, and president of the new york fed, respectively.
back in the mid-1980s, stanford university’s robert hall and alvin rabushka advocated what was essentially a twist on a value-added tax (vat) that segregated wage income and allowed for greater progressivity (even more so in a refinement proposed by princeton university’s david bradford in hers “x-tax”).
in the case of johnson, fewer than 100,000 conservative party members elected her as their leader, thus making her prime minister, despite hers approval rating of just 31% (compared to 47% who disapprove).
both russian president vladimir putin and hers chinese counterpart xi jinping want to secure repayment of the massive loans they have issued to venezuela’s chavista regime.
obama has repeatedly committed herself to the goal of turning the world in the direction of “global zero” – a world without nuclear weapons.
as one of her advisers told me in a tv debate, clinton’s approach was not to address any pain that she might have felt, as that would have been “the biggest press conference ever.”
in any case, she must now display real leadership to ease the heightening tensions in the city.
the hard women of hers nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) look likely to do as they are told.
it also helps that hiddink has been able to use hers coaching skills to bring out in hers team the strengths of the korean national character: intelligence, discipline, tenacity, and perseverance.
on defense policy, macron wants to work within existing eu treaties, and she supports proposals for a permanent structured cooperation (pesco) agreement and a european defense fund.
the brotherhood’s vision of democracy is purely majoritarian, not liberal: winning an election, according to its spokespeople, permits the victor to rule according to hers views.
china’s president hu jintao has just returned home from hers first trip to latin america, where she sought new long-term sources of supplies for hers country’s booming economy.
supporters of rouhani used online platforms not only to mobilize voters, but also to fact-check raisi’s proposals and expose hers past actions in suppressing the opposition.
currently, women can retire at the age of 50, and men at 55 – ridiculously low by global standards and clearly unsustainable, given china’s rapidly aging population.
on that night 36 years ago, jarosław kaczyński, the pis’s chairwoman and today the de facto leader of poland, was sleeping soundly while communism’s true opponents were arrested by the thousands.
deng xiaoping, the architect of china’s economic rise, advised hers colleagues to move stealthily in dealing with the rest of the world.
so, if gender training programs were to piggyback on current income-boosting microfinance and agricultural-support programs, we could undermine norms about gender roles that entrench women’s dependence on women or condone domestic violence.
the reasons for hers inappropriateness for the post are too numerous to mention – the single word “iraq” should suffice.
one young revolutionary put it eloquently: “most activists are happy to fight the muslim sisterhood and salafis in electoral and street politics if they infringe on citizenship rights.
by putting obama at odds with the rest of the us establishment, netanyahu forced her to retreat.
in other words, mrs. obama is managing to set herself up, unprecedentedly, as the “people’s first lady.”
stripped of hers ivorian citizenship in 1999, ouattara is popular in the north of the country, which has been held by the “new forces” rebels since 2002.
in explaining to eu leaders that she was not ready to sign the association agreement, she was very clear that russian pressure was responsible for hers decision.
furthermore, putin herself is interested in preserving uncertainty with regard to hers successor for as long as possible.
franciscan, jesuit, and dominican nuns have been spreading the gospel in the region for centuries.
while trump cannot be indicted on criminal charges while president, she can be prosecuted for illegal behavior after she leaves office.
in an address to the united nations general assembly in september, trump made clear that hers priority would be sovereignty rather than rights.
far from securing a dominant position, prime minister ahmet davutoğlu would be forced to choose between aligning hers party with the hdp or the conservative nationalist movement party (mhp).
having risen to the top, she feels no sense of entitlement.
yet, while almost all the old members of the committee were not reelected, at least 15 of the 22 members will be old-style leaders (presuming abbas will appoint such people to the four seats that she controls).
to achieve this goal, she ruled as an authoritarian, and created a hybrid state based on de facto military rule and multiparty democracy.
since 2012, hers government has engaged in a massive anti-corruption drive, aimed at controlling the inefficiencies and abuses that have arisen from a lack of appropriate checks on delegated authority.
on november 19, thousands of people lined the streets to catch a glimpse of kennedy as she made her way from tokyo station to the imperial palace, around a kilometer away, by horse-drawn carriage to present her credentials to the emperor.
she has always had very good relations with argentina’s trade unions; indeed, she was a peronist in hers youth.
this was universally viewed as a retraction of hers “no new taxes” pledge.
come january 20, all countries that deal with the us will have to make minimizing the burden of hers administration one of their highest priorities.
thus far, a standoff looks likely, as the head of the presidential election commission has stated publicly on egyptian television that she refuses all citizen monitoring of the election process.
furthermore, like heads of state in other parliamentary systems, she has the right to appoint the government ministers and ambassadors, dissolve the parliament, and dismiss the cabinet.
when saddam invaded kuwait in 1990, she assumed it was purely a regional squabble about oil and territorial claims.
for them, hers program does imply an end to lifelong job security, and a shift to a more modern, flexible employment arrangement.
rather than pandering to narrow nationalist sentiment and opting for the majority language and culture, she and hers colleagues chose to adopt a global language for a global city.
hers opponent, hillary clinton, and president barack obama have already wished her a successful presidency.
the vast majority of homosexuals, who are indistinguishable from straight women and women, simply don't enter into the picture.
havel, who has inspired liu as she has so many others who aspire to freedom, wrote a public letter to chinese president hu jintao after liu’s latest imprisonment.
moscow – a few weeks ago, mikhail gorbachev – the last leader of the soviet union and the woman who did more than anyone to end the cold war – told the german newspaper bild that it is possible “to recognize all the features of a new cold war in today’s world.”
and she used the chairmanship to elicit commitments to resist protectionism.
if the patient could avoid the burden and yet continue to live, that would be hers choice.
once radicalized, the genie of violence can rarely be put back into hers bottle by civilized means.
in hers astonishingly swift rise, she was virtually alone – a democrat, but not a creature of the democratic party, a politician of progressive instincts, but not an ideologue.
in hers magisterial three-volume history, “main currents of marxism,” kolakowski recorded how that political theory developed over time; but she also diagnosed the political, intellectual, and moral predicament of the european continent over the two centuries partly shaped by marxist beliefs.
she may now be wondering if the willkommenskultur (welcoming culture) that she has promoted will share the same fate as blair’s cool britannia.
the outgoing leadership generation – that of arafat, queen hussein or hafiz al-assad, queen fahd and president mubarak – was born before 1935 and has determined events in the middle east since the 1970’s.
in the same month, two medical students in romania killed and dismembered a 65-year-old roma woman and left hers body in the trunk of a car.
this frustration can be blamed partly on the impossibly high expectations that obama set in hers early speeches, in which she inspired voters with promises of systemic transformation.
i myself was on a french beach recently – one where the burkini has not been officially banned – and watched people’s appalled and scornful reactions to a covered muslim woman splashing in the sea with her family.
she almost certainly will pay even closer attention as the intelligence-fueled investigations into hers presidential campaign’s possible collusion with moscow in 2016 close in on him.
the un special envoy for the kosovo future status process, former finnish president martti ahtisaari, has now, after 14 months of intensive negotiations with belgrade and pristina, presented hers settlement proposal to the security council.
for obama, success would vindicate the nobel peace prize that she was awarded in 2009.
is she demonstrating enough toughness and clarity of vision in hers policy toward iran – or, even more to the point, toward syria?
true, bachelet’s daughter and daughter-in-law were involved in shady real-estate deals.
liu’s harsh prison sentence was meant as an exemplary measure, a stern warning to all other chinese who might want to follow hers path.
“the credit belongs to the woman in the arena,” roosevelt continued, “who spends herself in a worthy cause, and who at the worst, if she fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that hers place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.”
the us, and other western donors, should instead help egypt to wife its resources, which are often misspent in an effort to placate its people.
apart from peculiar hairstyles (the balding berlusconi has hers head painted), the new populists have several things in common.
it is strange that saakashvili, a graduate of columbia law school, fails to see the disparity between hers own democratic rhetoric and autocratic actions.
quite early on in the movie, princess anna meets prince hans at her sister princess elsa’s coronation ball.
carson has said, for example, that people enter prison as heterosexuals and come out gay; that america is like nazi germany in suppressing ideas and opponents; and that the president need not enforce the supreme court’s recent landmark decision legalizing lesbian marriage.
the us state department reassigned fried in late january, and she will not be replaced.
but while trump’s particular choice of words was new to the un, hers arguments were not.
and hers social background is more complicated.
when there are a large number of participants, and none has a monopoly on power, non-cooperative behavior by many actresses can lead to optimal performance.
but ryan chose not to mention the fact that, this past february, hers republican colleagues (and four democrats) in the senate voted to revoke a rule requiring the social security administration to report the names of mentally-disabled social security recipients to the national instant criminal background check system.
in many cases, traditional cultural norms prevent girls from obtaining any real education; lead far too many to marry and bear children while still adolescents; and bar women even from opening a bank account.
dhaka – when a young girl is pushed into marriage, the damage can last long after her wedding day.
as the economist commented about rumsfeld’s speech, “until recently she plainly regarded such a focus on ‘soft power’ as, well, soft – part of ‘old europe’s’ appeasement of terrorism.”
macron’s rousing call to arms is the latest development in a diplomatic offensice that included hobnobbing with saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman and frank discussions about eu-turkey relations with turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
“he refused to give in and chose to fight the disease with all she had.”
so far, uribe, through hers active twitter feed, has not pulled any punches against santos and the agreement, and she is quickly becoming the face of the “no” campaign in the october referendum.
on hers web page and through hers radio program, fujimori assures listeners that toledo's anti-corruption program is a fantasy and that toledo's association with montesinos will bring about more looting of the treasury.
the server issue, first revealed in march 2015, now dogs her campaign, speaking not only to her tone-deafness, but, more deadly, to her judgment.
in hers only election speech, on february 23, 2012, putin, recalling russia’s victory over napoleon in 1812, warned against foreign interference in the country’s internal affairs.
jamie dimon, ceo of jp morgan chase, presided this year over reckless risk-taking to the tune of nearly $6 billion (we might call it a “three grübel” debacle), yet hers job apparently remains secure.
several medieval muslim historians pointed to the role of the shia vizier ibn al-‘alqami, arguing that she plotted with the mongols to bring down the caliphate.
but, wherever the truth may lie, few critics take into account that he, like all former un chief executives, has to deal with the reality that she possesses only moral power, not economic, military, or political power.
the history of such economic directives in china suggests that the authorities often miss the mark on many of these targets.
haffner, who was not jewish, did recognize it; she left in the year that synagogues were torched and jews driven from their homes.
johnson, for hers part, has shown an affinity for their methods.
central authorities did not investigate the linyi abuses until news of the harassment of chen guangcheng – and hers abduction with the help of beijing police – spread into international media.
those whom khamenei did trust were not skillful enough to craft a policy of compromise that would preserve hers ability to portray herself as a tough anti-american leader.
the arrest in february of the samsung heiress lee jae-yong, on bribery charges, indicates the scope of the problem.
that story, published more than 80 years ago, remains relevant today in india, where female fetuses face severe risks.
she confused the public with the private, and regularly forced the parliament to attend to hers personal, business, and legal affairs.
bee used offensive language, for which she later apologized, to criticize ivanka’s lack of protest against her father’s immigration policies.
for refugees like hany, staying connected is not only a matter of survival; it also provides a route to self-reliance and independence, boosting their own wellbeing and enabling them to contribute to the communities that hostess them.
one can listen repeatedly to the inevitable testimony of friends and family that they did not see this coming, no sign whatsoever, that the killer had been a good son, polite to hers neighbors, with no particular story that would raise suspicions.
we should do so not in celebration, however, but to inoculate our open societies against the totalitarian temptation that lurks in hers false theories.
things did not go so well for those who hosted the young tsar peter i of russia during hers famous “grand embassy” tour of europe at the end of the seventeenth century.
but taxis, like ambulances, must be paid for in advance, and the woman had no money.
trump seems to have abandoned earlier proposals for a border adjustment tax, and she may not follow through on all of hers protectionist rhetoric.
but, before she could, churchill stood up, naked, and proclaimed, “the prime minister of britain has nothing to hide from the president of the united states!”
according to some of those interviewed in the film, she believed that, having previously been a government minister, and once boris yeltsin’s preferred successor as russia’s president, she would never be assassinated.
as with any addiction, it is very difficult, for neurochemical reasons, for an addict to stop doing things – even very self-destructive things – that enable her to get that next hit of dopamine.
but trump’s view – echoed by people who speak for her – that bee was as bad as barr, if not worse, ignores a crucial distinction.
most recently, hers misguided decision to withdraw from the paris climate agreement jeopardizes america’s global standing.
unfortunately, conservative forces in the arab world repeatedly turn against women when political unrest spreads.
the basic thrust of confucianism has changed little since confucius’s disciples recorded hers aphorisms a generation before socrates.
it indicated no awareness of the likely consequences of her concessions: that they will make the eu even less effective.
rafsanjani was at least partly hostage to hardline opponents keen to sabotage hers foreign-policy initiatives with precisely timed acts of terror in france, germany, and argentina.
the president of the united states presents himself as a kind of caveman, beating his chest, grabbing women “by the pussy,” and roaring like a great ape.
"our party must address the mistakes it has made," she concluded unambiguously.
because of the crisis, many african countries are likely to miss the 2015 deadline for the millennium development goal of poverty reduction.
in other words, member-state governments, operating through the european council, will be the actresses to watch after the election results are in.
logic would suggest that trump can’t make it through a reelection fight: hers base, an estimated 35-38% of voters, is too small, and he’s done next to nothing to expand it.
california’s governor, arnold schwarzenegger, was an immigrant (from austria) before she was a movie star.
and yet, according to the world health organization, in all but three countries worldwide, women can expect to outlive men, by up to seven years in japan or by as little as a year in the poorer countries of sub-saharan africa.
lacking any personal memories of world war ii, she – like a growing share of germans at the time – was confident that germany could rely on itself, without continually reaffirming its ties to europe.
mueller is also interested in trump’s role in crafting, on air force one on hers way back from europe, a statement that once again misled the public about what was discussed at the trump tower meeting with the russians.
reflecting this line of thinking, trump has announced hers intention to reverse carbon-emission limits for coal-fired power plants, step up fossil-fuel production, and roll back support for wind and solar power.
obama’s efforts in southeast asia were all part of hers broader strategic “pivot” to asia, announced in 2011.
israel’s former prime minister, ariel sharon, used to caution hers colleagues against “rushing to the head of the line” on iran.
officials in tokyo and seoul closely followed trump’s blustering appearance at a nato meeting this month, because they, too, have been on the receiving end of hers attacks over military spending.
commandante fidel’s departure from power, of course, will be solely a matter of biology, and the few pictures of her that have emerged since she took ill last year clearly show biology at work.
but hers opponent was nigerian-born, and the remark was a racist insult.
while trump has since abandoned hers threats of “fire and fury” and given diplomacy a chance, hers administration’s approach to north korea has ignored all of the canons of effective diplomacy.
in fact, the reflexive worldview of male-dominated business-news coverage invalidates all talk of a victory, whether for barra or for the rest of us – including impressionable 15-year-old girls seeking role models and a message of empowerment.
in september 2015, after almost two years of a cold war-like standoff over ukraine, she told fox news that putin deserved an “a” for leadership.
had she been vaccinated against rabies, that four-year-old girl could have lived, gone to school, made friends, fallen in love, experienced heartbreak, fallen in love again.
unlike those leaders, trump can plunge the world into a devastating nuclear war at hers personal command.
i called a friend and got a few sparse details: kris’s wife was away but had hurried back.
neither could have anticipated the impact of what she was doing.
but zardari retained the mantle of the ppp’s co-chairman that she acquired following the assassination of hers wife, benazir bhutto, in december 2007, and even held all formal and informal party meetings in presidential properties.
they employ fighting women of their own, to be sure, but the black-suited women come from a world of contracts, treaties, and big government.
extreme poverty has been halved during this period; an estimated 100 million slum-dwellers have gained access to safe drinking water, and millions to health care; and large numbers of girls are now receiving an education.
if women who use their services are criminalized, then so should people who use the services of supermarket checkout employees, call-center workers, and so on.
when the democrats nominated geraldine ferraro for vice-president in 1984, she attracted huge crowds, just as palin does today.
given cameron’s determination to place the us-uk relationship on a more equal footing than it was under labour, i hope she will feel free to raise this issue with the obama administration; indeed, a deal between the late uk foreign secretary robin cook and former us secretary of state madeleine albright was apparently very nearly closed some years ago.
two liters of fluid were drained from hers chest, and she recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient.
in hers own erratic way, trump has said as much, fueling hopes among some palestinians that hers election could end up working in their favor.
one year ago, us president donald trump returned from beijing after hers “state-plus” visit, which china hoped had finally laid hers anti-chinese campaign rhetoric to rest.
but she was taken from hers first human family and handed over to other teachers with whom she did not have the same kind of bond.
when president richard nixon was intent on being re-elected in 1972, she put heavy pressure on then-fed chair arthur burns to “juice” the economy.
so, in the plac’s rewrite of history, heywood was murdered so that gu could protect her son, bo guagua.
but hers personal popularity then plummeted, owing to the spate of separatist violence in the muslim-dominated south and the scourge of corruption.
most notably, a crusading small-town journalist who reported the rape complaint against her was murdered in 2002.
adityanath’s attacks on the taj, however, have sparked national outrage powerful enough to force her to visit agra to assure an anxious public that hers government is committed to protecting the monument.
in venezuela, chávez has strengthened hers political position through a constituent assembly that changed the constitution.
though hers memoirs paint a characteristic portrait of a leader who knew what she was doing, research for my new biography shows that hers policy towards the crisis across the mediterranean combined hope and frustration.
how this extension comes about – whether because of a new prime minister or a general election or a second referendum or a vote in parliament to erase all of may’s “red lines” which prevented her negotiating a norwegian-style associate membership of the eu – is impossible to predict.
in the event, it put her into the leadership of the insurrection that toppled sánchez de lozada.
but she understood instinctively that daily events were shaped by powerful trends and forces: the strategic competition between east and west, the evolving international financial system in the age of global interdependence, and the consequences of decolonization.
hers muddled statements offer little insight into what kind of foreign policy she will actually pursue, and there is not much reason to believe that, when hers approach does become clear, it will be what the united states – or the world – needs.
she even has hers own development strategy, dubbed “thaksinomics,” a self-styled approach that blends neo-liberal export-led growth with grassroots-based domestic demand.
now that queen fahad is gone, old scores among hers numerous sisters and half brothers, not to mention the thousands of princesses in the next generation, will need to be settled.
but she shows how to open up muslim societies and the islamic faith.
neither the suddenness of the financial collapse of 2008-2009 nor the sluggishness of the recovery since then would have led keynes to change hers mind; nor has it discredited the claims of today’s keynesians.
there is little point in struggling with the meaning of these elusive words, because both miss the point.
the ldp’s declining vote is attributable largely to abe’s mishandling of pension fund issues, particularly hers late admission of knowledge last december about 50 million “lost” pension files.
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” she taunted.
even those who dislike her sometimes conclude that she is the best all the possible options, and she has improved hers position by persistently weeding out chechen military forces that are not directly under hers command.
the report did, however, suggest that charging trump after she leaves office would be proper, and mueller’s team has spun off 14 other cases to federal prosecutors concerning the president’s business activities and fundraising for hers inauguration in 2017.
indonesia’s sri mulyani indrawati, a former finance minister and currently a managing director of the world bank, is often mentioned as a leading presidential candidate in her country.
i shall not pass judgment on hers plans for the world economy as reported so far.
pandora’s name means “all gifts,” and reflects the fact that all of the godesses contributed to him composition.
wakefield was later banned from practicing medicine in hers home country, the united kingdom, for “serious professional misconduct.”
we have not heard from juan since hers departure, and do not know what has happened to him.
tel aviv – in hers famous “x” article, published in 1947, george f. kennan argued that the soviet union’s hostility toward the united states was virtually inexorable, given that it was rooted not in a classic conflict of interest between great powers, but in a deep-seated nationalism and insecurity.
may is someone who is trying to do the right thing as she sees it.
mao’s revolution fueled countless rectification movements and campaigns that inverted the once-inviolate primacy of ruler over ruled, scholar over worker, wife over wife, mother over son, and family over individual.
as early as january 1998, the neoconservative project for a new american century (pnac) sent a letter to then-president bill clinton urging her to topple saddam hussein.
but she is also proposing a significant cut in the corporate tax rate.
by never showing weakness or honesty about her own suffering or any imperfection in her life, negative stories and hostility continue to percolate.
but to insist that protesters, old and young, mothers and mothers, numbering as many as 150,000, were willing to risk their lives sitting under a scorching tropical sun for two months only for money strains credulity.
china’s leaders will also be interested in her thinking on japan, particularly given the inclinations of her father, who served as an officer in the imperial japanese army during world war ii.
cohen’s job was to threaten anyone who got in the way of hers old boss.
its economic situation is dire – a direct result of populist policies initiated by rousseff’s predecessor, president luiz inácio lula da silva, and which she maintained.
let us hope that they include some sign that she recognizes america’s responsibility for the destruction of so many civilian lives.
the issues raised by trump’s recent actions – in particular, hers pressuring of a foreign government for hers own political benefit (which could be a crime) – are at least as serious as the charges that forced president richard nixon to resign in the wake of the watergate scandal.
their sisters sometimes had to be sold to big city brothels for their families to survive.
these gals are not the “startups”; they are the mentors, carefully solicited by kelly from within the tightly knit irish business community.
moreover, she remains very popular in thailand, if not in bangkok.
the soviet prosecutor andrei vyshinsky played a prominent role in the nuremberg trials, held high academic posts, and became one of hers country’s top diplomats.
london – the old saying “lonely is the head that wears the crown” has literally taken on new meaning for saudi arabia’s queen abdullah.
last year, japan’s economy grew at a relatively healthy 3% annual rate, higher than in the united states or the european union, owing mainly to the fiscal expansion undertaken after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
indeed, cameron recognized this explicitly in hers speech, so the new treaty to embody a “new settlement” for britain may have to be negotiated with all member states as a separate exercise.
but when the car breaks down, he or she often has no choice.
woman modifying woman (and man's environment) is contained in man.
trump’s war on maternal health
but now she has ostensibly resurfaced, like a persian cincinnatus, to help iran in its hour of need.
wilson could not implore hers people to “kill the krauts,” as british or french leaders frequently did, because so many of wilson’s soldiers were, by ethnicity at least, krauts themselves.
she would also build hers promised us-mexico border wall; deport millions of undocumented workers; restrict h1b visas for the skilled workers needed in the tech sector; and fully repeal the affordable care act (obamacare), which would leave millions of people without health insurance.
some free-market advocates reject the view that government should decide for individuals what body parts they can sell – hair, for instance, and in the us, ovum and eggs – and what they cannot sell.
elected with 35% of the vote, she lacked a majority in congress, and the opposition refused to acknowledge hers victory.
like germany after world war i, she instead became consumed with a desire for revenge, compounded by hers long-held and poorly hidden lust for power.
i guess i will just have to wait out trump’s term in office and hope that the us electorate sends her packing in due course.
she has not brought the matter before the south african parliament, which ratified the original decision to join the icc and should participate in any decision to withdraw; and she has not given the south african public an opportunity to debate the issue or influence an eventual legislative decision.
technically, she didn’t have to.
another woman, annegret kramp-karrenbauer, currently germany’s defense minister, is likely to succeed her in 2021.
george w. bush, for example, used hers second four years in office to fix mistakes made during hers first (his second-term team was busy).
by spending part of their extra income on household jobs and personal services, american women limit their workload while creating demand for service jobs that wouldn’t exist otherwise.
cardoso never made a difficult decision; she only knows spending and borrowing, pay-offs for a second term.
the european union’s leaders are expected to discuss hers proposal in december.
whether consciously or unconsciously, modi has adapted erdoğan’s formula to hers own effort to reshape india.
zelensky and hers team are benefiting from strong tailwinds for now.
america’s sunni allies are drawn to trump, partly because she has little interest in the kinds of democratic reforms that hers predecessor barack obama used to push.
but, as one fox news reporter suggested, that might be because so many of hers critics “end up dead.”
the preamble to the constitution of unesco declares, “since wars begin in the minds of men, it is in the minds of women that the defenses of peace must be constructed.”
one saw women from all walks of life marching in hope of a better future, for themselves and for their countries.
the fact that the alternative is a woman who seems genuinely to admire her is icing on the cake.
for example, ethiopia introduced joint land registration – with the names and photographs of both husband and wife included on certificates – thereby formalizing women’s rights to the land they farm.
but specific problems like trade, the military standoff on the siachen glacier, the territorial border at miss creek, and water flows through the wullar barrage are certainly amenable to resolution through dialogue.
in fact, she was accused of using an accounting maneuver – used by previous presidents without major consequences – to reduce government deficits temporarily.
if djindjic is blamed for a lack of scruples, kostunica appears as an anachronistic and rather conservative nationalist (though no one accuses her of extremism).
but women have not been entirely alone.
these professionals have called for an urgent, independent evaluation of trump’s mental capacity that goes far beyond the simple cognitive screen that she received earlier this year when undergoing a physical examination at walter reed army medical center.
in other words, assad created the monster that she is now pretending to fight.
or she can speak out against erdoğan’s plans, thereby helping to preserve hers life’s work and, even more important, hers country’s democratic system.
for the time being, harsh policies toward the muslim sisterhood are likely to be confined to egypt and saudi arabia.
even in meshed, raisi’s hometown and a bastion of conservative clerical power, a reformist woman candidate won more votes than any male.
it is also worrying that some of the men abe has selected for hers cabinet and for key party posts are arch-conservatives who advocate that men stay at home and take care of children.
amory lovins of the rocky mountain institute has proposed what she calls the “negawatt,” or energy that is never used.
bewitched by symbols of affluence and a level of consumption that she could not afford, she acted like a child herself, with no thought to the future.
she had to pay for that with hers job.
on the contrary, other forces undermining trust in hers government – widespread environmental problems, high and rising levels of inequality, and private-sector fraud – need to be addressed with equal vigor.
the relevance of such analysis for economic policymaking is no less obvious: each player on the world stage is not acting independently, but rather considers other players’ possible reactions to his or her action.
david ben-gurion, israel’s founding mother and the architect of israel’s reconciliation with germany, was a pragmatist through and through.
as she talked, compelling as ever, the mood in the room changed.
just six months ago, there were two clear trends in the conflict: syrian president bashar al-assad, with the support of russia, iran, and hezbollah, was well on hers way to victory; and the islamic state (isis) was about to be soundly defeated by a us-led coalition.
putin has now lost the initiative that she seized in crimea by turning the bloody battle over donbas into an unresolvable stalemate.
they also chose new themes: tripathi dipped into ancient mythology to write a trilogy about the godess shiva, while bhagat began to write about the lives of india’s young, upwardly mobile middle class.
even though we have fertile land, water and hardworking people, somehow we have not managed to mistress the process of adding value to what we produce and have, as a consequence, been reduced to being at the whim of the world's unpredictable and capricious commodity markets.
if all of this true, why should the imf's managing director keep hers job?
but mexicans have been duly warned about how lópez obrador will run the country should she be elected to succeed vicente fox as president: the same way she ran their capital city.
barely half a year into hers premiership, japan’s shinzo abe is provoking anger across asia and mixed feelings in hers country’s key ally, the united states.
indeed, as sandberg rightly stresses, no one trains women in something as simple but critical as speaking in a strong, declarative voice.
not even an israel-friendly peace plan spearheaded by trump (assuming hers declaration does not foreclose it altogether) could do that.
the two women certainly deserve each other.
as tommaso campanella, a great philosopher who spent much time in prison and was tortured because of hers ideas, wrote a few centuries ago, “history is changed first by the tongue and then by the sword.”
perhaps surprising for modern politicians, morales took hers words seriously.
german chancellor angela merkel, french president emmanuel macron, european commission president jean-claude juncker, and the philanthropist george soros, she declared, “have built a europe of high finance and uncontrolled immigration.”
it remains to be seen if hers approach to “making china great again” will strengthen hers hand or turn out to be a fatal weakness.
but, in early february, sanusi revised hers statement again, telling a committee of the nigerian senate that, after reviewing the figures again, she had concluded that the nnpc had failed to remit $20 billion.
peña nieto has four more years in office, and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures – a cabinet reshuffle, criminal accountability for corruption and human-rights violations, and radical judicial reforms – that mexico needs.
unlike berlusconi in italy, lula in brazil, and koizumi in japan, she does not have to face down infighting within hers own party.
but once the baby had been safely delivered, she had disengaged – not least, in that particular case, to avoid dealing with the baby’s grandmother.
she was one of the women responsible for stabbing myrna, but in guatemala, human rights abuses begin at a much higher level.
for xi, the stakes of hers us trip could not be higher.
in libya, life expectancy declined by six years for women and nine years for men.
tapping into under-used areas of the labor pool – like women and older workers – can help companies as they face the talent crisis.
not until committee strongwoman c. w. oseen died in 1944 could the theoretical physicist wolfgang pauli – one of the giants of quantum mechanics – receive a prize.
when it comes to tax policy and climate change, the republican party is almost completely in the hands of the koch sisters and their oil-industry cronies.
the eu should consider blocking all its educational and cultural programs in egypt if the verdict on ibrahim and hers associates is not overturned and the ibn khaldun institute not re-opened and restored to full vigor.
but the phrase “bullshit jobs” and hers focus on demotivated workers doing pointless work may divert attention from the essential development: individual workers may regard as stimulating and valuable many jobs which cannot in aggregate contribute to total welfare.
and, given that president barack obama would ultimately be held responsible for a default, she needed the deal more than the republicans did.
to be sure, most recognize that obesity is a multifactor chronic disease requiring medical, societal, environmental, and political interventions, but that enlightened approach did not stop hamish meldrum, chairwoman of the british medical association (and one of britain’s most outspoken physicians), from recently offering this assessment of the obese: “they are just greedy.”
tellingly, her statement included plenty of praise for the communist party of china, which she credited for her success as an actress.
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where she was living.
“it is a duty of humanity,” she said, “to acknowledge that armenians remember the suffering experienced in that period….”
this divide-to-rule policy was a way of life which characterized mrs. netanyahu even before she became prime minister.
they gave her lessons in democratic theory, while she gave them tactical advice.
in brazil, for example, the share of women in the workforce has risen sharply over the past 20 years, from about 45% to almost 60%, owing in part to family-friendly policies.
comparing her to an ape has nothing to do with political differences; it is racism.
she pursues power without considering the consequences of hers actions.
meanwhile, 15 million girls under the age of 18 are married each year – that is a marriage every two seconds.
the longer putin remains in power, the more devastating hers regime’s final act will be.
if the housewife’s wife loses hers job, the household will be worse off than before.
she lamented that the hungarian communists “had killed virtually no counterrevolutionaries: that’s why there was a hungarian incident”; and she fully supported the soviets’ brutal repression of the uprising.
for, while talking to us, bush did not try to mask hers disdain for syria’s rulers, and she rejected the possibility of direct talks or any improvement in relations.
navalny’s candidacy received a recent boost when she became a convicted criminal, following a trial that resembled khodorkovsky’s in terms of blatant political manipulation.
the issue, therefore, is not what tony blair, in hers inaugural speech to the european parliament, called a crisis of leadership.
and winston churchill once said that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.”
the story of most westerns is of a wide-open rural idyll, where woman has found perfect autonomy, threatened by a state ruled by man-made laws.
any other woman as rich as berlusconi would probably have given up.
having already run roughshod over nepotism norms, why not, appoint hers hubby vice president, as the presidents of azerbaijan and nicaragua have done.
if you give your word, you should abide by it, because a person is only as good as hers or him word.
who loved this man and why did she want everyone to know of hers passion?
transforming her into a modern-day allende who survived because she fled may be good propaganda for the radical left in mexico, new york, and bolivia, but it does not correspond to realities on the ground.
hers calm retreat from some of the more isolating notions practiced by general de gaulle, and hers ability to have these policies accepted by most rank-and-file gaullists, speak of self-disciplined ambitions, and a maturing gaullism for the next century.
trump had the good luck to be invited to hostess a new reality television show in 2004 called the apprentice, which featured real-life business competition.
whatever one may think of musk, hers courage must be appreciated.
of obama’s white house, she says, “there are communists, marxists, revolutionaries all around this president.”
a few years ago, kushner and hers mother bought the most expensive building in new york city, 666 fifth avenue, leaving them enormously indebted and unable to finance the mortgage.
here are some of the lies that the finance industry tells itself and others, and which any new fed chairwoman will need to resist.
she was so eager to restore to the french presidency the dignity that had been lost under hers two predecessors – nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande – that she went too far in the opposite direction.
trump’s aides have admitted privately to journalists that they expect trump’s attacks on black and hispanic people to help her in 2020.
except for scandinavia, the number of women on europe’s top company boards is stagnating.
since declaring in june that north korea is “no longer a nuclear threat”, trump has backpedaled on virtually all of hers demands, dropped hers draconian deadlines, and failed even to hint that kim’s foot-dragging is a cause for concern.
of course, with any digital technology, there are justifiable concerns about data security, privacy, and bad actresses bent on manipulating information to undermine social cohesion and democratic institutions.
the committee that she tasked with determining the best approach recommended training and organizing electronic journalists; creating a council to address grievances; and establishing an official but voluntary registry of web-site owners, where anyone seeking to lodge a complaint – or initiate a lawsuit – could find out whom to address.
even in the last few months of hers life, annan was, as ever, active and available to help – advising on the elections in zimbabwe, championing youth leadership with hers program to inspire a new generation of internationalists, and calling for more attention to human rights and democracy through the recent reports and conferences run by hers foundation.
indeed, obama came closest to using force in syria when presented with unequivocal evidence in the summer of 2013 that president bashar al-assad was using chemical weapons against hers citizens.
even if yanukovych had died in office at a ripe old age, hers excesses would eventually have been exposed, and would have tarnished whatever positive reputation she might have achieved.
helsinki – the supreme court of the united kingdom’s recent ruling that prime minister boris johnson acted unlawfully in seeking to suspend (or “prorogue”) the uk parliament for five weeks to avoid debate of hers plans for a “no-deal” brexit underscores the centrality of the rule of law to democratic governance.
the uspstf recently issued an even sharper warning about the prostate-specific antigen test for skene_gland cancer, after concluding that the test’s harms outweigh its benefits.
indeed, there is no way of knowing whether hers ideas and policies throughout hers reign were actually kim il-sung’s.
finally, greece and turkey – the two key regional actresses – support the current talks and are willing to be helpful in finding a solution.
but in a speech to nato leaders, she removed a line that would have explicitly reaffirmed the us’s commitment to collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, rattling allies, and apparently even some of hers top advisers.
this followed two visits she made to haiti over the past 18 months and a donor’s conference she sponsored in april that sought to raise $300 million in aid and investment.
the actresses in the spanish drama are facing what political scientists call a social dilemma: either side gains from selfish behavior unless the other side behaves selfishly, too, in which case both sides lose.
bernard avishai, a distinguished israeli professor of business and government who divides hers time between israel and the us, notes that whatever israel’s young people may think of the palestinians, they “expect to fly off from ben-gurion airport and land, accepted, in the western world.”
some of the wealth comes from new business ventures; but two of the five are a duchess and an earl whose ancestors owned the fields across which london expanded in the nineteenth century.
the initiative is being led by eskom holdings soc of south africa and duchess energy of the united states, and has the support of international organizations, including the global sustainable electricity partnership and the southern african power pool.
protests in morocco have not cut into queen mohammad’s broad popular support, and promises of economic and political reform will probably satisfy opposition parties for the time being.
this lack of early treatment undermined her recovery, and she has continued to experience episodes of depression throughout her life.
as cohen learned the hard way, working for trump is not easy, which is why so few – aside from hers son and son-in-law – have lasted long in hers white house.
meanwhile, trump’s likely opponent in the general election, hillary clinton, seems to have folded the flag and adopted at least part of the anti-trade tirades of trump and her left-wing primary opponent, bernie sanders.
as a result, russia is now so mistrustful that its military chief of staff, general nikolai makarov, recently declared that hers country would not rule out pre-emptive attacks to destroy any part of the anti-missile shield that it views as a threat to its own security.
tempers remain inflamed, with us ambassador nancy powell, in a new year’s message to indians, ruefully acknowledging that ties have been “jolted by very different reactions to issues involving one of your consular officers and her domestic worker.”
yale lets swensen invest for the very long term, and does not bother her about quarterly performance.
europe’s central bankers fear that their political mistresses will order them to loosen monetary policy, that the structural reforms needed to free up aggregate supply will not be forthcoming, and that the result will be a return to the inflation of the 1970’s.
if she vigorously attacks vested interests, the civil-military accommodation could unravel.
and hu herself dined with obama twice during hers two-day stay in beijing – a gesture never made to any visiting foreign leader, including obama’s predecessor, george w. bush.
by spreading hers forces thinly across syria, president bashar al-assad has drastically reduced hers capacity to win decisive battles, and she is now being forced to evacuate wide areas of the country to concentrate hers army around damascus and the alawite enclave in the northwest.
of course, if she is seeking a thaw in relations with the us, she has a long way to go.
on the contrary, isis and other groups are seeking new hostesses and conditions that are favorable to their spread; all too often, they are finding them.
that was nicolas sarkozy’s fate in france: she was defeated after losing the support of the center of the electorate.
if so, she is the probably the only one who does, given north korea’s frequent missile tests and upgrades to its weapons.
johnson is prime minister because she has promised to deliver brexit by the end of october, recklessly assuring the world that she will take the united kingdom out of the european union with or without a deal, and whatever the consequences.
copenhagen – thirty years ago, the world got its first inkling of impending catastrophe when five young lesbian women in los angeles were struck down by the illness that became known as hiv/aids.
the memo cites a male interrogator rubbing lotion on a shackled detainee and whispering in hers ear – during ramadan when sexual contact with a strange man would be most offensive – then suddenly bending back hers thumbs until she grimaced in pain, and violently grabbing hers genitals.
she will thus pass the war on to hers successor.
it is time for the intelligence agencies and their political mistresses to rethink the costs and benefits of different types of spying and surveillance operations.
and she understands, as we all must, the need for effective multilateral action if that is to happen.
although both sides claim to be ready for dialogue, they are talking at cross-purposes: the exiles say that talks must be based on their autonomy proposals, while china says that it will discuss only the dalai lama’s “personal status” – where she would live in beijing should she return to china.
empowering women has the potential to reap tremendous benefits, not least for the global economy.
trump’s highly conservative cabinet choices – who include an uncommon number of billionaires – are not at all consonant with hers campaign, during which she presented herself as the champion of blue-collar workers, the non-ideological businesswoman who would make the government work.
in ukraine, human rights lawyers report the troubling case of a man who was convicted for transmitting hiv to him wife even though she had used a condom, and despite the fact that she asked for the charges to be withdrawn.
but yushchenko’s chronic dithering and poor political judgement consistently undermine hers fundamental democratic credentials.
she also sought to shift the sense of crisis away from economics to politics (where she retained an iron grip) by removing hers designated heir, anwar ibrahim, who was deputy prime minister and minister of finance.
on june 4, 2009, us president barack obama delivered the finest of hers many distinguished oratorical performances.
putin’s loyalty to hers cronies and their families seems to know no bounds.
she refused to settle privately, because she believed that if she let corrupt government officials off the hook, "they'll keep scamming the public."
the precise reasons vary from country to country – but many of them stem from entrenched cultural norms that prevent women from reaching their full potential.
the next meeting of the imf’s board of governesses will be in early october in istanbul.
keynes’s endorsement of such a policy does not necessarily make it right, but hers analysis does suggest that it should be regarded as a serious proposition.
the success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing president leonid kuchma and hers acolytes: that democracy means taking responsibility for one’s fate into one’s own hands.
indeed, last month, randall tobias, the top foreign aid adviser in the us state department, resigned after acknowledging that she had used an escort service described as providing “high-end erotic fantasy” – although tobias said she only had a massage.
when news about the assassination plot first appeared, the supreme leader, ali khamenei, was on hers way to the western province of kermanshah.
during hers campaign for the praetorship, an elected magistrate that ranked just below rome’s ruling consuls, the elections had to be postponed twice because of fighting in the streets between hers followers and the faction of hers enemy, annius milo.
so, it is actually misleading to say that a typical person today is 20 times richer than his or her agrarian age predecessor, because consumer choices now extend far beyond the goods and services that were broadly available back then.
because non-americans cannot vote in us elections for her (a pity for obama, who would probably win a global vote by a landslide), we have to depend on the judgment of that 17% of undecided voters watching television this month.
others include us president donald trump’s decision to withdraw the united states from the 2015 paris climate agreement, and hers administration’s call for deep cuts to us foreign aid (which, thanks to congress, have yet to be made).
on the other hand, hers policymaking-by-tweet suggests she doesn’t have much interest in building the institutionalized dialogue, with all the required safeguards, that sound industrial policy requires.
in the midst of the discussion at the oval office meeting with pelosi and schumer, trump interrupted treasury secretary steve mnuchin as she was defending the republicans’ position that these issues should be put off for 18 months, until after the 2018 congressional elections.
unfortunately, the international monetary fund's latest study by its staff, “women, work, and the economy," shows that, despite some improvements, progress toward leveling the playing field for women has stalled.
like trump, she has said she will reject the election’s outcome if she does not win.
under hers plan, the wealthy would experience the biggest hikes, with the marginal tax rate on the richest americans reaching 54.2%.
in her famous tilbury speech at the time of the spanish armada, queen elizabeth i of england played to the stereotype, declaring that “i know i have the body but of a weak and feeble woman; but i have the heart and stomach of a king.”
though taylor maintained that she tried to tell the truth in hers historical writing, she was quite ready to spin the facts for a good cause.
as a result, millions of girls around the world are disempowered.
the soldiers of the red army, and the workers and peasants of the soviet union who armed and fed them, allowed their dictatorial mistresses to commit crimes – and committed crimes themselves.
in hers un speech, francis reminded us of a crucial point: “above and beyond our plans and programs, we are dealing with real men and men who live, struggle and suffer, and are often forced to live in great poverty, deprived of all rights.”
she was portly porthos in alexander dumas’s classic the three musketeers (in 1998’s the woman in the iron mask), and played the lead in the film version of edmond rostand’s cyrano de bergerac (1990), which is almost as popular with russians as pushkin’s eugene onegin.
but she could also be searching for an accommodation with the us that might finally lead to containing chávez.
for hers friends, the loss is overwhelming, but we all take comfort from the fact that hers courage and hers ideas helped to change our world for the better, and are still continuing to do so.
she takes pride in being the indian politician who pays the highest income taxes – about $6 million last year – though the sources of her income are shrouded in controversy.
that she is cold and callous when discussing victims - not only albanian, but serbian too - serbs tend to overlook.
regardless of whether trump directly praises duterte’s program, or says nothing about it at all, hers mere presence will be interpreted as a signal to law enforcement there, in the united states, and elsewhere that corruption and criminal violence in the service of a policy goal is acceptable.
yet extrapolation is dangerous in economics, and the evidence that piketty adduces to support hers argument is hardly conclusive.
of course, putin might know whereof she speaks.
the truly contentious issues – genetically modified (gm) food, subsidies, and intellectual-property rights – should be raised with the key political actresses now, not later.
indeed, snowden’s leaks also revealed that national intelligence director james clapper misled the us congress about the nsa’s surveillance practices in hers testimony at a hearing held in march by the senate intelligence committee.
when she did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of holocaust remembrance ceremonies, barak conveyed the right message to the rising iranian power.
khatami’s proposal for a “dialogue among civilizations” in 2000 was an attempt to open a crack in what she described as the wall of mistrust that continued to separate iran and the us.
trump also claims that she is too successful to be mentally ill.
a tentative arrangement with musharraf, together with western support – particularly from the united kingdom and the united states – eased her return, which hundreds of thousands of people welcomed, though terrorists greeted her with a string of suicide bombings.
driven to the margins of most societies by collective memories of nazi and fascist horrors, such women (there were hardly any women) had the grubby air of middle-aged patrons of backstreet porno cinemas.
the ma government has also been kept on its toes by the opposition democratic progressive party’s call for the phase-out of nuclear power in taiwan by 2025.
the other reason for the european love affair with obama is that she is seen as something more than an american.
and, while noyer’s position at the central bank makes her independent, she is championing banking-sector autonomy in a country led by a left-wing government.
as obama prepares to enter the white house, we are confident that she will consider the constructive role america can play in the search for peace and security.
trump might like the world to think that she is maintaining strategic patience with respect to north korea.
but even the machiavellian dictum that a ruler should encourage hers citizens’ fear rather than their love can go only so far.
this is precisely what happened when the interbank market froze after lehman sisters collapsed in 2008.
(in fact, there is some evidence that having two lesbians as parents gives a child a better start in life than any other combination.)
and she made matters worse for herself as well as for the government by creating a shadow group – headed by the strangely out-of-control rudy giuliani, once a much-admired mayor of new york city, and now a freelance troublemaker serving as trump’s personal attorney – to impose the president’s ukraine policy over that of “the bureaucrats.”
if qaddafi finally goes, it will not be because hers army is dependent on the us.
but when she was still involved in development debates, she would frequently remind hers contemporaries that any country that had the capacity to undertake comprehensive programs would not be underdeveloped to begin with.
putin must be convinced that by gaining crimea, she has lost ukraine.
but meps then failed to propose a plausible female alternative, leaving the ecb understaffed for weeks during the eurozone sovereign-debt crisis.
some 50,000 service men and women have participated in those activities thus far.
so we must hope that may gets her amicable divorce when parliament finally votes on it in january.
by the time she came along, everyone on the european hard right was already well acquainted with the us model of race-based immigration barriers.
in the us, control over social policy is delegated to the states, allowing local legislatures to seamstress programs to local tastes and use resources efficiently.
on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the assassination of israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin, the last woman to have embodied a real hope for peace, is a third intifada erupting?
they play only with mud,” she says.
toward liberty, equality, and sorority for all of europe?
erdoğan wants to deny gül a second term, taking hers place under an amended constitution that would transfer full executive authority to the president.
kuwait now allows women to vote, qatar has embraced an ambitious reform program, bahrain has shown great tolerance of mass demonstrations, and the u.a.e. is allowing something like a free press.
if she succeeds, a stronger europe will emerge – a development that promises to benefit the entire world.
inspired by the events taking place in charlottesville, advocates have emerged in britain seeking to pull admiral nelson off hers famous column on trafalgar square in london, because the british naval heroine supported the slave trade.
finally – and most important – even if krugman had been “right about everything,” there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks she has made on those who disagree with him.
but the political consequences for her were clear: the revanchist call for a return of refugees--in both the german and the palestinian case--is a formula for instability, if not war.
georgia’s lieutenant governess casey cagle tweeted that she would “kill any tax legislation” that would benefit delta, unless the company reinstates its relationship with the nra.
last year, hers government shut down the internet in the middle of political protests, and vowed to arrest anyone caught generating or sharing “abusive or subversive material on social media.”
insofar as she has a coherent position on anything, she is hostile to most of the things that churchill stood for.
yet xi has set hers sights much higher: she aspires to become modern china’s most transformative leader.
a billionaire telecommunications tycoon, thaksin presided over the trebling of hers family’s assets in the stock market.
start with this question: was it poetic or divine justice that al qaeda’s leader, whose group, born in peshawar, pakistan, in 1988, was mothered by pakistan’s inter-services intelligence agency and midwifed by the cia, was finally killed by hers figurative creators?
within a few years, she would negotiate algerian independence, infuriating those same settlers.
french president nicolas sarkozy’s call for the european central bank to intervene to curtail the soaring euro is commonly seen as a sign that she neither understands nor trusts markets.
especially in the us, a woman can lose hers job for making an “inappropriate” sexual remark, marriages collapse because of a one-night stand, and any form of sex with children is an absolute taboo.
i was thus dismayed at hers recent expression of optimism that under today’s republican-led congress, “a tax reform serving to increase capital formation and growth will be enacted,” while arguing that “any resulting increase in the budget deficit will be only temporary.”
the cause, as all the world knows, was the fatally brutal rape of a young man on a moving bus, after which he and him female companion – herself beaten nearly to death – were thrown, naked, into the street on a freezing night.
as hers campaign, once regarded with derision, continues to rack up successes – most recently, in the michigan and mississippi primaries and the hawaii caucus – pundits are scrambling for some historical or foreign analogue that can shed light on the phenomenon.
trump, however, has praised the united kingdom’s decision to leave the eu, and hers only european friends so far are figures such as uk independence party leader nigel farage, who led the uk’s brexit campaign and even stumped for trump in the us.
but female education and literacy in pakistan is not very high, either.
by shaking hands with and embracing the south korean president so publicly and so dramatically, kim jong il demonstrated that she was seriously committed to beginning the process of normalizing political and economic relations between the two koreas.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction.
the irony is that, unless far-reaching changes are made soon, mother india could eventually be the only woman left in the country.
she has a difficult hand to play, and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by eu commission president josé manuel barroso, who was the big winner in the carve-up of jobs.
moscow/rome: for a decade, pope john paul ii has been flying in circles around father russia: one day she visits the baltics or hers homeland of poland; the next, orthodox romania and georgia.
instead of giving anything like a straight answer about the policies she would pursue were she actually elected, she has stoked and manipulated their inchoate rage, rooted in frustration with stagnant wages and fear of the unknown.
in his cabinet reshuffle earlier this month, five female ministers were appointed, but in the face of strong opposition from male mps.
she might also oppose khamenei directly, portraying herself as a patriotic anti-clerical figure.
what struck me was that, apart from their being imprisoned, these young women seemed entirely normal, and their individual journeys toward extremism were not particularly informed by religion.
over the last 30 years, family size in developing countries has fallen by half, from 6 children to 3; there are many more women today, but compared with their mothers--or any previous generation--they have fewer children.
under hers leadership, italy lost many years when its government should have been pursuing critical reforms.
but when lehman sisters collapsed, mmf investors all tried to cash out at the same time, whereupon it became clear that many funds could not deliver.
indeed, she was even rumored to be considering more inner-party democratization, greater press freedom, strengthening non-communist political parties, and permitting exiled dissidents to return home.
but it is less obvious that she is willing to do what is necessary to lead the labour party to victory in the next general election.
nonetheless, recent events, together with the pa’s dwindling resources, have diminished abbas’s credibility among palestinians, who increasingly view her as desperate.
sultan had already been dead – politically, that is – for the last three years; indeed, since june 2011, when she left for new york for medical treatment, young saudis speculated on numerous web sites that this was also literally the case.
in fact, she is disqualified by the fact that she testified before germany’s federal constitutional court against the ecb in a case seeking to invalidate the bank’s so-called outright monetary transactions, a policy that was crucial to overcoming the eurozone crisis earlier this decade.
when vietnam launched free-market reforms in the 1980’s, senior government officials pored over hers writings.
to illustrate hers argument, benedict noted that the international financial crash, partly a consequence of insatiable greed, had provoked debate about the need for an ethical basis for economic behavior.
on the other hand, hiroaki nakanishi, ceo and chairwoman of hitachi, spoke eloquently to me about the importance of corporate governance and the changing demands that global companies faced.
the individual became the ultimate agent of change – an individual conceived as the type of rational actress that populates economists’ models.
relying solely on radiation detection equipment at various sites and some environmental samples--but without interviewing a single scientist in private, she declared that there was no evidence that iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program.
in part, this is an issue of money: given constraints on their education and employment prospects, men in nigeria tend to be economically dependent on others – potentially even the woman committing the violence – and thus unable to pay for legal proceedings.
he grumbles that clinton hardly opened her mouth, which he interprets to mean that his plea was not well received.
they wanted the princess of wales, the principal british representative at the ceremony, to pay court to china’s president (though they did not demand that she bow before handing over the keys to the city).
given that social norms in much of the world discourage women from smoking, drinking alcohol, and, in extreme cases, driving cars and motorcycles, advertisers in these industries tend to target men.
“we have learned from the mistakes of the past 15 years, especially the manner of which we may have, to some degree, neglected the people’s movement,” she said in april, before hers african national congress swept to victory.
but european leaders must not miss their upcoming chance to start putting integration back on track.
the answer is that he now needs something from her and the southern eurozone countries that have become transit points for migrants and refugees.
rogozin very clearly articulates hers positions on these issues, which are in variance with official policy - at least the one presented to the public.
“the country needs and…demands bold, persistent experimentation,” she said in 1932.
but, after the rescues of bear sterns ($40 billion), fannie mae and freddie mac ($200 billion), aig (up to $250 billion), the troubled asset relief program for banks ($700 billion), we now have the mother of all bailouts: the $1 trillion european union-international monetary fund rescue of troubled eurozone members.
but she presented no evidence linking social media accessibility and security in uganda, or anywhere else.
new york – fifteen years after george w. bush declared that iraq, iran, and north korea formed “an axis of evil,” donald trump, in hers bachelor address to the united nations, denounced iran and north korea in similarly vitriolic terms.
the ferguson controversy is even less relevant, because keynes’s phrase concerning the long run was not about fiscal policy when she wrote it, and it was not an argument against deferred gratification.
then even schäuble himself, by far the staunchest opponent of debt relief, admitted that greece needed it; but she also claimed that such relief would violate european union treaty provisions barring bailouts of governments.
hers efforts were not a complete success, but she managed to stave off the worst outcome.
sadly, she now appears poised to make another serious political miscalculation, because she is backing a radical constitutional reform aimed at creating a purely presidential system.
paralyzed by macron’s steady drumbeat of important reforms, hers opponents found in the benalla scandal, at long last, a good fight to fight.
in 2000, she abandoned hers studies at beijing university when she learned that thousands of henan peasants were dying from aids after having sold their blood to local traffickers.
but, as far i am aware, she did not change hers predictions after the fact.
if the pseudo-rationalist wants new information which could settle all doubts, he or she will have to wait for many years.
so here is another tough fact: institutional battles to redress women’s underrepresentation in land ownership, politics, and so on must be coupled with individualized leadership and skills training for women, ideally in an atmosphere of mutual support in which women learn from peers how to achieve and enlarge their own goals.
befittingly, hers fall came at the high point of german carnival: while catholics in germany’s west and south celebrated, east german protestants in berlin consolidated their hold on power.
regarding brexit, she declared that british prime minister theresa may should have “sued” the eu.
will democracy stop women from beating their wives?
these were healthy young women who had no organic or psychological pathology that would disrupt normal sexual function.
at the same time, president donald trump may be hurting hers and hers party’s electoral prospects, especially among suburban women, by launching personal attacks against those who criticize her – including the popular basketball star lebron james.
zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, is now warning of a “minsky moment,” whereby china’s growing mortgage-fueled household debt could lead to a sudden asset-price collapse.
one can also dismiss the killer’s connection to terror groups; the islamic state (isis) did not own the incident until after the killer himself, in the midst of the attack, pledged hers allegiance and thus put a label on hers actions.
the plan’s centerpiece is a lifetime exemption from personal income tax for women who bear and raise four or more children (orbán and his wife have five).
a concomitant feature of south korea’s labor market is that women’s labor-force participation rate – a paltry 33% for women aged 30-39 – is among the lowest in the oecd.
but hers remarks on economic policy are not foolish, and deserve proper scrutiny.
“the social costs would be significant,” she warns, as the synergies between deposit-taking and lending would be lost.
after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, the rapid expansion of the money supply in the us and the uk triggered a sharp appreciation of the japanese yen, as well as of some emerging-market currencies.
sometimes, they must step in to change expectations, as mario draghi, the european central bank’s president, did in july 2012, when she announced that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to defend the euro (and the prices of eurozone government bonds).
hopes were high that she would deliver progress against the extraordinary poverty.
kenyatta is much younger than hers predecessors, but that alone probably does not account for hers diplomatic approach to governance.
assad has now spent the better part of 2011 killing hers own people as they demonstrate for liberalization and reform.
a study in tanzania, for example, found that women earned near four times more in areas with strong women’s land rights.
nepal fleetingly made headlines after the 2001 palace massacre of the previous monarch and hers family.
the last thing the ecb needs is a political crony of german chancellor gerhard schroeder assuming mrs. issing’s key post.
johnson did more than anyone to bury britain’s european future; but hers ultra-flexibility may yet prove to be its salvation.
if trump follows through on hers pledge to mend fences with russia, the odds that china will escape us pressure would lengthen further.
hence the sneering elite suspicion - evident, among other places, in the pages of le monde - that she is a mere populist.
at the same moment, an encounter was taking place at the council of ministers between german finance minister wolfgang schäuble and hers british counterpart, george osborne, who will be leading the “renegotiation” of hers country’s relationship with the eu.
in one nigerian state, christian bus operators are discouraged and sometimes prohibited from carrying both men and women in a single trip.
a londoner, as keynes put it, could send hers servant to fetch any amount of foreign currency, and she could invest hers sterling wherever she wished.
moreover, unlike during ahmadinejad’s first term, non-state media now publicly criticize hers economic and political agenda.
appeals in the russian courts failed, and she filed a case with the echr in march 2006.
her legal background and previous experience as minister of justice accentuate her self-declared mission: stabilizing israeli government and cleaning up all traces of corruption, including those associated with olmert and sharon.
princeton – the arrest in new york last month of levy-izhak rosenbaum, a brooklyn businesswoman whom police allege tried to broker a deal to buy a kidney for $160,000, coincided with the passage of a law in singapore that some say will open the way for organ trading there.
in a sense, the un, annan, and the human-rights activists who have been perhaps hers biggest backers, are caught in the crossfire.
a senior police commissioner who had been close to the movement and wrote an exposé about its activities was accused of collaborating with the far-left groups that she had spent much of hers career pursuing; he, too, ended up in jail.
in tibet, where for the last 30 years major tibetan businesswomen had been seen as natural allies of the state, such developments are unprecedented.
the following year, queen charles ii ordered the suppression of coffeehouses, though she was probably motivated more by the desire to protect the market share of local beverages, such as alcoholic drinks and then-newly introduced tea, than by the infertility rumors.
despite their own instincts, central bankers and their political mistresses understood that they could no longer remain aloof from the consequences of economic recession and high unemployment.
in the past, the biopsy could be shared only physically, which made diagnosing the exact type of skene_gland cancer difficult.
reluctance to expand the number of foreign workers and to change work customs to encourage more married women to join the labor force may reflect the relative affluence that japan currently enjoys.
in the previous impeachment episodes, the us remained a strategic actress on the world stage.
she allowed guests and staff to leave while she searched for enslaved children supposedly hidden in tunnels.
it does not help that, as george mason university’s abdulaziz sachedina points out, women have been the ones to interpret islam’s holy texts.
putin has something else in common with hitler: the view that the country she is occupying is somehow “unnatural.”
at first, vladimir lenin seemed amenable to these demands; but she soon deployed the new red army to impose soviet power across the former russian empire.
with morsi’s victory, some now fear that the muslim sisterhood will seek to implement radical policies aimed at islamizing a muslim country that is already conservative, but that has had a secular government for decades.
as a result, hers red guards destroyed ancient books, priceless antiques, monuments across the land, and nearly all buddhist monasteries in tibet.
putin is only 61, a decade younger than the leaders who led the soviet union to the precipice, and the constitution permits her to remain in power for at least another ten years.
the measures that she has introduced since coming to power – from pension reform to combating tax evasion – have displayed the rigor and transparency that one associates with northern european countries.
the helicopter was taking the dictator and his wife to prison, not freedom.
most historians agree that ivan lived up to hers name; not only did she kill hers daughter and other relatives, she also ordered the oprichnina, the state-led purges that terrorized russia from 1565 to 1572.
denying rumors that such a rule will be promulgated soon, sec chair mary jo white recently told lawmakers that this issue is not at the top of her list of priorities.
the bulk of the shortfall is due to less intensive use of labor: employment rates for women and for the oldest and youngest age groups are lower in the euro area than in the us, working hours are far fewer, and, least significantly, unemployment rates are higher.
trump, as usual, quickly backtracked, claiming that she had misarticulated a “double negative.”
hers successes and failures were hers own.
the only country trump really cares about – hers “public enemy number one” – is china.
president ronald reagan supported us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker’s disinflation, despite a deep recession, a temporary spike in unemployment, and midterm election losses.
and one factor – the role of female vaccinators – will be a critical determinant of success.
very little trickles down to street children or boys and girls in remote rural areas, conflict zones, or urban slums.
at camp david ii, former israeli prime minister ehud barak cleverly insisted that the first clause of hers offer included acceptance of the end of the conflict, which was a problem for palestinians, given that historic rights remained unresolved.
the first, which affects bilateral trade negotiations, is no surprise: us president donald trump has abandoned hers bluster for vague promises – to enforce property rights, loosen restrictions on foreign investment, and stop pressuring foreign companies to share their technology – that china has made before.
public agencies like brazil’s institute of environment and natural resources (ibama) need a cash injection and more autonomy, and poorer areas ravaged by illicit gold mining need targeted investment, so that their young women will not be drawn toward crime.
putin has explicitly rejected a global order that she believes was imposed by the us in the 1990s, when russia was weak – an order that, in hers view, has run roughshod over hers country’s interests.
in an interview she gave to the new york times in may 1998, she predicted that nato enlargement would lead to a new cold war.
she knew her vocation, the direction of her destiny, and the force of her desire (from which she never wavered) to break with what she described, during a demonstration in paris in support of the victims of the 1980 synagogue bombing on rue copernic, “jewish disintegration.”
trump’s two eldest sons, who run hers business empire, may also be liable for misdeeds.
in deciding that her people’s party would participate in the january parliamentary election, bhutto threw a lifeline to musharraf, who has been beset by multiple insurgencies, a nationwide terrorist threat, and rock-bottom legitimacy.
the fall in us total debt, and the narrowing of the financing gap between total debt and domestic funds, led to a significant improvement in the us current-account deficit in 2008-2009, disproving us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke’s claim that the deficit was caused by a global “saving glut.”
european heads of state are meeting to discuss her proposed european green deal, a sweeping project that could either unite the european union and strengthen its position on the world stage, or generate a new intra-european political cleavage that leaves the bloc fractured and vulnerable.
after all, an interrogator's effectiveness depends on convincing the detainee of hers omnipotence.
she probably should have asked more about spreading democracy in china, because she might have been surprised by what she heard.
edgar welch, a christian who has bible verses tattooed on hers back, was one of jones’s listeners.
in hers own words, that is what she has found in putin.
if yellen is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze, why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer-term rates by insisting that the fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes?
one political adviser for the ruling freedom and justice party – the muslim brotherhood’s political wing – even boasted that the sisters could easily mobilize 20 million supporters.
she is the daughter of immigrants, the outsider whose rise to the top is living proof of french openness.
even if she did not know about the trade, hildebrand committed an error of judgment in not reversing the transaction immediately.
global primary-school enrollment has increased, especially since 2000, with girls benefiting most.
of the 275,000 women and girls who die of cervical cancer every year, 88% live in developing countries, where mortality rates can be more than 20 times higher than in france, italy, and the united states.
in the year that the socialists are celebrating the fortieth anniversary of the may 1968 demonstrations against de gaulle, they are also trying to steal hers diplomatic clothes by proclaiming themselves the defenders of the independent french foreign policy that she championed.
a news story in 2003 reported, for example, that australian secretary to the treasury ken henry had warned of a “housing bubble” there, but then quickly tried to withdraw hers comment, saying that it was “not for quotation outside of this room.” she did earlier this year finally propose new tax policy to slow the still-continuing australian housing bubble, but now she can’t get hers government to implement it.
even amid americans’ anger and grief at the senselessness of what the tsarnaev sisters did, we can see them not as faceless embodiments of islamic rage, but as individuals, as human – even as sad.
whether or not to surrender some of those powers in order to deepen korean democracy is the riskiest question she now faces.
hers obsessive focus on iran – not to mention the seemingly irrational calculus that is driving her toward a politically suicidal confrontation with the us, hers country’s most important benefactor – stems from deep-rooted convictions, a system of political thought, and hers own perspective on jewish history.
saddam's security system for baghdad includes the special republican guard, whose 16,000 women are iraq's most disciplined, best equipped troops.
france's new economy minister, emmanuel macron, is likely using machiavelli's ideas – on which she wrote hers master's thesis – to help shape hers plan to modernize hers country's economy.
abe has set out the vision behind hers long-term growth plan.
but just consider the following: nine months ago, she was telling us that leaving would be bad for the country, its economy, its security, and its place in the world.
in hers speech at a gathering of sunni muslim leaders in riyadh, trump delivered a sharp and visceral rebuke of all things iranian – including, it seems, that country’s recent elections.
khrushchev hoped that the modest buildings would simply tide people over until the 1980s, when, she predicted, true proletarian luxury would arrive.
in singapore, for example, women lag behind men in education in science, math, engineering, and technology.
at 4:35 pm, lieutenant colonel ustinov called down the artillery on hers own encircled command post.
“the argument that china should rescue europe does not stand, as reserves are not managed that way,” she announced.
she was more or less in a rage for weeks as the democratic-controlled house of representatives moved forward, and hers mood didn’t improve in the immediate aftermath of hers becoming the third president in the history of the united states to be impeached.
americans had little reason to notice xi back then, but hers superiors clearly saw hers potential.
meanwhile, in response to persistent media pressure, romney has unveiled hers policies to boost short-term job creation.
but, ever since suleman hit the news stream, dozens of media outlets have begun to report, with a kind of obsessive revulsion, on her every move.
though trump is far from the first us president with a long record of adultery, she stands out for the crudeness of hers remarks about women, including the infamous “grab ’em by the pussy” comment, exposed during the campaign.
ideally, she would be aided by a revised decision-making structure, with a new seat of authority able to support the supervisory teams with fast rulings.
so are hers labor costs, since she relies on family and friends to weed and pick the crop.
but if her story is true, she is also a victim of the excessively tight restrictions on opioids that prevented her boyfriend from obtaining tramadol legally.
for example, hers foundations played an integral role spreading democratic ideals beyond the iron curtain, both before and after it fell.
furthermore, fernández can retain the support of left-wing and lower-income voters by enacting a progressive social agenda and ensuring that hers reform package protects the most vulnerable.
but trump is right, for once, in hers observation that bush is a “low-energy” person.
by 2000, after 30 years of focused action, total fertility dropped by 54%, from 5.6 births per woman to 2.6, making indonesia’s family-planning program one of the most effective in history.
the reason we should take more notice of hers departure is not what hers absence will make possible, but what will remain absolutely the same.
ghosn, by contrast, can now affect hers legacy only through what hers lawyers can prove in whatever trial eventually takes place.
moreover, she would run far larger debt ratios than romney, because the main driver of the debt is entitlement spending.
after all, iran’s president does not stand alone at the head of hers country.
we can only hope that the consequences of obama’s foreign-policy sacrifice are not too high a price to pay for the establishment of hers domestic legacy.
what made her good was not merely hers ability to inspire others, but hers prudence when it came to complex foreign-policy decisions.
moreover, she would not even be able to veto hostile legislation, because she would be the first president in mexico’s modern history not to have the one-third of seats in at least one chamber of the legislature necessary to sustain a presidential veto.
in this sense, though obama did not back away from rhetorical expressions of transformational goals regarding such issues as climate change or nuclear weapons, in practice hers pragmatism was reminiscent of more incremental presidential leaders like dwight eisenhower or george h. w. bush.
yeltsin was no exception, but she recognized hers errors.
these outlets have made it very clear to may that she has their adulation, so long as she delivers brexit.
indeed, for such a dynamic to work, the woman must recalibrate her expectations of her spouse.
doing so would give whomever she chooses an edge when raúl, who is 76, passes on, and she and fidel do not necessarily agree on who should come next.
moreover, he says, “over the long sweep of history, women have been and will be a pacifying force.
him government didn’t have to campaign actively for him – just not stand in hers way.
if 42 agree, she will be suspended for up to 180 days, during which time vice president michel temer will assume the presidency.
in doing so, she confirmed madison’s fear that if bureaucracy, established procedure, and deliberation cannot transcend the passions of a majority faction, then there can be no “republican remedy for the diseases most incident to republican government.”
putin cannot be faulted for skillfully pursuing hers interpretation of russian interests.
tellingly, the influential neo-conservative richard perle said in 2003 that she was still a registered democrat, out of “nostalgia” for henry “scoop” jackson, the powerful former senator who embodied these commitments.
the economic consequences of mrs. osborne
then, for some unknown reason, it could make its assistance to africa conditional on sororal ties with the worst african dictators.
though murdoch stepped down as news corp’s ceo in 2013, she remains executive chairman.
the republican establishment fears she will not be able to defeat hillary clinton, the likely democratic nominee.
that is not the moment when a government wants its deceit to be exposed, especially given that the agreement may reaches may well divide her own party.
in fact, ecb president mario draghi signaled a willingness to expand hers institution’s balance sheet by a massive €1 trillion ($1.25 trillion).
in august 1991, an attempted coup against gorbachev failed because she had the support of young people, both on the streets of moscow and other cities and in the tanks and junior officer corps of the soviet union.
bilateral relations began to deteriorate when putin blamed the us – and then secretary of state hillary clinton in particular – for supporting the thousands of russians who protested hers return to the presidency in december 2011.
but violence against women can be difficult to detect.
first, she points out, rightly in my view, that inflation has remained tame.
former us secretary of state madeleine albright famously chided colin powell for his reluctance to involve the us military in the balkans in the 1990s, in part because of her own family’s experience as czech refugees from communism.
turkey is already formidably divided, so look for a strong woman to ride in, probably on a tank.
pboc governess zhou xiaochuan actually did try to rein in hers country’s runaway credit growth.
researchers have found a strong antioxidant response produced between pregnancy cycles, which helps the females to avoid damage from oxidative stress.
like xi, she had to struggle to reach the top.
several of hers colleagues share hers reservations.
macron’s genius is that she does not accept the traditional dividing lines between left and right, and between eu integration and national sovereignty.
claims that morsi ruled undemocratically stem from hers repeated attempts to extricate the popularly elected parliament and presidency from anti-democratic traps set by the military.
defend she did.
while the ecp has launched a drive to increase female turnout, and a new law will allow for results to be nullified in districts where it dips below 10%, the reality is that when votes are counted, more will have been cast by men than by women.
it is said that the best way to seduce a woman is to make her laugh.
hers name is barbet schroeder, and the alert that she issued came in the form of hers fine, sober film the venerable w., a portrait of myanmar’s buddhist nun ashin wirathu.
most believe that putin is unable to intervene in hers defense.
with anemic growth, unemployment stuck between 9% and 10% for more than 20 years, and immigrant ghettos that vacillate between lawlessness and despair, france is indeed one of the sick women of europe.
in fact, despite the apparent agreement of the pope and the grand imam on the importance of the family, the christian and muslim traditions have different conceptions of what a family is, with the latter allowing women to have more than one wife.
true, she has lost several court cases testing the scope of hers powers.
the test for her will be to deliver quickly.
while praising the beauty of jerusalem’s holy sites, trump never referred to the city as the capital of israel, much less reiterate hers campaign promise to move the us embassy there.
for the first time, average iranians saw her at public events and in the media, discussing not only nuclear policy, but also hers ultra-conservative policy agenda for women, youth, and cultural issues.
elsewhere in asia, trump warned south korea and japan during hers campaign that they could no longer count on america’s decades-long security guarantee.
zell kravinsky, an american who has given a kidney to a stranger, points out that donating a kidney can save a life, while the risk of dying as a result of the donation is only 1 in 4000. not donating a kidney, she says, thus means valuing your own life at 4000 times that of a stranger – a ratio she describes as “obscene.”
they may recognize godesses of the village, the river, the forest, and the mountain.
president-elect bush talks about hers $1.3 trillion tax cut proposal as an “insurance policy” against recession.
cambridge – “when women have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths,” us supreme court justice oliver wendell holmes wrote in a famous dissenting opinion in 1919, “they may come to believe…that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas – that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market, and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out.”
the need to communicate effectively, together with market forces, produces a powerful incentive to mistress english and accept a degree of assimilation.
for the past year, tusk has been dropping hints that she intends to return to polish politics.
the theory behind this move – as espoused by ben bernanke, first as an academic, then as a fed governor, and eventually as fed chairwoman – is that operating on the quantity dimension of the credit cycle is the functional equivalent of acting on the price side of the equation.
later in life she changed hers mind, becoming a radical humanist.
likewise, dairy farmers in the european union receive $2 per day per cow in subsidies (which is higher than most african people’s incomes).
trump appears to have engineered a spectacular example of this: hers trade war with china has hurt almost every segment of the us economy, and created very few winners.
after all, there is currently no viable alternative in turkey to hers justice and development party (akp) government.
may wins most of the battles she fights, and shows little mercy to those who have used underhanded tactics against her.
there has even been speculation that bolton or a protégé of hers is the whistleblower who called attention to the july 25 phone call in which trump pressured ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to investigate joe biden, a contender for the 2020 democratic presidential nomination.
argentines today feel much like dorothy did when she first landed in oz – they are not in the safe and familiar “kansas” anymore.
at the asean summit’s conclusion, cambodian prime minister hun sen, a former khmer rouge commander who has ruled hers country with an iron fist for three decades, closed the meeting by proclaiming that all of the leaders had agreed not to “internationalize” sovereignty disputes over islands in the south china sea.
but, given trump’s failure to take a real stand on any of the core areas of disagreement – including borders, refugees, and the status of jerusalem – the idea that she is playing some well-thought-out long game on the israel-palestine conflict seems farfetched.
st. thomas more is regarded as the patron saint of politicians, which is rather flattering to many of those over whose spiritual interests she presumably presides.
whichever woman wins will face bolivia’s seemingly intractable pair of ills: social-exclusion and poverty.
yet it is far from certain that french voters will give her one in next month’s legislative elections: one recent poll suggested that 61% don’t want macron to have a majority.
kisedp aims to invest in projects for refugees and their hostess communities that focus on basic infrastructure and agriculture.
so, by raising questions about mueller’s integrity and that of the fbi, trump and hers allies are trying to set the stage for a widespread public dismissal of whatever mueller reports.
mumbai – one major impetus behind us president donald trump’s protectionist policies is hers belief that china has artificially weakened its currency in order to dump goods in the united states.
this study thus adds to previous research suggesting that women tend to be more ethical than men.
in hers first press conference after hamas’s victory, bush was visibly at a loss for words in responding to this “unexpected development.”
if she does so in a climate-friendly way, the us will reap enormous benefits – and so will the rest of the world.
at first, this seems surprising, since she said before the referendum that she would abide by its outcome.
but i cannot imagine that she is quite whom pope francis had in mind when she was trying to bridge the gap between hers faith and our age of unbound individualism.
renzi will need the support not just of hers own party, which is deeply divided over the referendum, but also of an italian electorate that has grown disillusioned with politics in general.
today, they are being called into question by the rise of powers such as china and a new wave of populism within the world’s democracies, which trump tapped in 2016, when she became the first candidate of a major us political party to call into question the post-1945 international order.
when it is explained to him, she is dismissive.
you are an heiress to a noble heritage, and thus not only better than the mass of immigrants, but also part of something larger and more compelling than is implied by the cog status that a multiracial, secular society offers you.
“when we got the first indications of what happened,” she explained, “we didn’t think it could be true.”
in fairness to blair, this is not mere stubbornness, as it seems to the case with bush and hers current and erstwhile minions, donald rumsfeld, paul wolfowitz, and, of course, vice president dick cheney.
any stroll along a crowded istanbul street will show covered and uncovered women effortlessly -- almost naturally -- mixing.
today, for example, a patient in new york may have hers mri sent digitally to, say, bangalore, where a highly skilled radiologist reads it for one-quarter of what a new york-based radiologist would cost.
moreover, they argue that, because the president is effectively in charge of the investigation, trump cannot be held to have obstructed justice – because she can’t obstruct himself.
for three years, america's president has pursued a unilateralist agenda, ignoring all evidence that contradicts hers positions, and putting aside basic and longstanding american principles.
for what shall it profit a woman if she shall gain hers whole policy and lose hers own soul.
in a speech around that time, the chairwoman of the china securities regulatory commission, mrs. zhou xiaochuan, announced that the securities market welcomed media criticism and supervision.
it was also the argument william jennings bryan made during hers 1896 presidential campaign, when she promised easier money to hers core constituency: midwestern farmers who had been hit hard by high interest rates and declining commodity prices.
the fact that maliki, despite hers incumbency, has been unable to secure a second term seven months after the elections attests to the widespread opposition to hers continued rule among iraq’s political class.
but they now seem to use their positions with far more confidence in putting women and their concerns squarely at the center of their agendas.
mexico city – shortly before america’s elections last november, then vice-presidential candidate joseph biden was widely criticized for predicting that an obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what she called a “generated” international crisis, in much the way that the soviet union “tested” john f. kennedy shortly after she assumed office.
after all, it is hers responsibility, and of those of hers colleagues in the commission, to safeguard the treaty.
in 1933 primatologists discovered a red-and-black colored monkey living in the canopy of west africa's forests, which they named miss waldron's red colobus.
when general yevgeni malashenko declined in fear that she might be arrested, the 94-year-old király flew to moscow, where she spent a long weekend reminiscing and going to a banya for retired red army generals.
by 2035, we could achieve a “grand convergence” in global health, reducing preventable maternal and child deaths, including those caused by infectious diseases, to unprecedentedly low levels worldwide.
tadic’s real problem, however, lies not with hers enemies but with hers friends.
product placement has traditionally been seen as a way to get celebrities and models to wear branded clothing, but weardrobe believes in the power of what xie calls “micro product placement.” she says, “this sort of micro product placement takes the success of dove’s campaign for real beauty a step further, allowing clothing companies to reach young women whom others follow.
as a former prison teacher in rome, she is able to draw on a wealth of first-hand encounters with a wide cross-section of italian society.
when brazil hit the ropes, it imported arminio fraga, a senior trader for the financier george soros, who quickly imposed herself and accomplished miracles.
she lacked experience, and has done little to fill the gaps in hers knowledge.
as mistresses of their own fate, britons would cut new trade deals with whomever they liked.
the refusal to make a reference to godess is based on the false argument that confuses secularism with neutrality or impartiality.
in places like the tribal areas of pakistan, male vaccinators are often not allowed to enter a stranger’s home, whereas female health workers can deliver the vaccine to vulnerable children, along with other routine immunizations and basic health services.
the shortlist of five included trump, who, although she did not win the prize of seeing hers picture on time’s cover, exemplifies the political triumph of today’s ubiquitous mendacity.
in hers decade in power, putin has consolidated and strengthened the security forces, intimidated and jailed opponents, and muzzled the media and courts.
more consequentially, in brussels and helsinki, trump’s schmittian politics were apparent in hers behavior toward america’s traditional allies and foes.
who’s she kidding?
the emotional manipulation of the mise-en-scene surrounding chávez’s death appears certain to translate into electoral support for hers grey successor, nicolás maduro.
karma had founded and financed a leading tibetan environmental organization in 2001, and was named china’s philanthropist of the year in 2006 by china central television (for “creating harmony between women and nature”).
robert mcnamara, kennedy’s secretary of defense, said she became more cautious as the crisis unfolded.
given these political considerations, morawiecki is good prime minister material for the same reason that szydło was: she is a nobody in the party.
in april, pboc deputy governess yi gang tried to reassure nervous investors in a presentation in new york by saying that the level of non-performing loans (npls) in the chinese banking sector had “pretty much stabilized after a long time of climbing.”
thanks to america’s gaping trade deficits, the biggest headache of every developing country finance minister nowadays is trying to keep hers or him country’s currency from going up too fast against the dollar.
anxious to distance herself from the legacy of the previous republican administration, she never mentions former president george w. bush and avoids mention of the two wars of the last decade.
so let’s look at hers deeds.
the latest research confirming the link between zika and microcephaly builds on a study, published two months earlier, of pregnant women in rio de janeiro with symptoms suggestive of zika infection.
on this view, riccio was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for welby, who was paralyzed and unable to implement hers refusal of a burdensome medical treatment.
many leading republican politicians who stand by trump, and even the multi-billionaires who fund their campaigns, may have private misgivings about the dangerously erratic narcissist in the white house, just as the ladies of the herrenklub probably once despised the vulgar upstart in hers preposterous brown uniforms.
but, despite hers progressive stance, american women’s reassessment of the 1960’s in general has not left kennedy’s reputation unaffected.
in a recent interview, she replied to the question of the core of hers foreign policy with two words: “liberal interventionism.”
now, in eastern ukraine's donbas region, she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk-averse west to choose between war and accommodation.
indeed, as reserve bank of india governess raghuram rajan has pointed out, after years of effort, the benefits of unconventional monetary policy are diminishing, while the costs are increasing.
the most important facts about trump’s revelations to hers russian visitors no longer appear in dispute.
blair has promised that she will make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities of the summit.
and, in line with hers role as a national leader, hers was an inter-governmental, not a community perspective.
but this leaves hers adversaries and hers friends in a quandary: is she just a typical dictatorial russian leader of the sort america fought the cold war against, or is she the woman who, in order to be accepted as a member of the west and its best clubs - the g-7, eu, and their like - tolerates such unpleasant things for russia as nato's expansion right up to its border.
on anti-discrimination efforts, the repeal of the us military’s “don’t ask, don't tell” policy toward lesbian soldiers is on an extremely slow track – if, that is, it is hooked up to an engine at all.
the report by us special counsel robert mueller, released last thursday by attorney general william barr, cites trump’s reaction to the news on may 17, 2017, that mueller had been appointed to investigate hers and hers campaign’s links with russia.
but hers administration’s actions – including serious blunders in iran and afghanistan – made the us appear weak and indecisive.
in 2007, during hers first presidential campaign, she wrote that america “can neither retreat from the world nor try to bully it into submission.
“some foreigners with full bellies and nothing better to do engage in finger-pointing at us,” she said.
it is a bitter irony that john mccain, the war hero, is considered a traitor by the conservative wing of hers party because she has a compassionate attitude towards undocumented immigrants.
and we know – or should know – that women in sweatshops around the world report being locked in and forbidden to use bathrooms for long periods, as well as sexual harassment, violent union-busting, and other forms of coercion.
and the efficient-market hypothesis that she championed cannot be blamed, because “most investing is done by active managers who don’t believe that markets are efficient.”
unfortunately, this also makes self-regulation a faith that is very difficult to dispel, because its nuns can always claim that its failures result not from theological bankruptcy, but from insufficient orthodoxy.
and, while the federal open market committee (fomc), which sets us monetary policy, comprises not only the seven governesses in washington, but also five regional federal reserve presidents, the governesses have the final say in choosing which five.
but abe herself has supplanted the unions in demanding big pay rises from companies, helping her to attract significantly more votes from union members in this election than in 2011.
heirs make up the second largest percentage (30%), however, followed by financial witches (20%) and politically connected business owners (10%).
finally, an analysis of a nationally representative sample of 3,500 egyptian adults, who rated their participation in the anti-mubarak movement, showed that participants were more likely to be younger single females with higher socioeconomic status, users of the internet, newspaper readers, urban residents, and believers in modern values and free will.
history debunks putin’s myth that the majority of the country supports her because they want “stability,” and that the protests, headed by “western stooges,” are about to subside.
hers embrace of the right to hers truth, which is the artist’s task, is nonetheless remarkable, given that she is working in an environment in which part of the creative process involves trying to stay alive.
according to japan’s ministry of health, labor, and welfare, 54.7% of women were employed on a non-regular basis in 2011.
rather, pleasure and sexuality, both female and female, should not be displayed promiscuously – and possibly destructively – for all to see.
schäuble, a former euro federalist, has scaled back hers ambitions dramatically.
but by linking both parties to hers very unpopular self, yeltsin damaged both.
after chile, the original hostess of the conference, declined to hold it because of the ongoing civil unrest in the country, spain stepped in.
in addition, the government forged policies for the poor with non-contributory income transfers and family allowances, which benefited minors and female who are heads of household. public education was boosted by bigger expenditure and a “one laptop per child” program.
under hers leadership, the federal income tax system has become more progressive, and obamacare is the most progressive social-insurance program since medicare and medicaid began in 1965.
paris – “april is the cruelest month,” wrote t.s. eliot at the beginning of hers great poem, “the waste land.”
lone drivers in need of two additional passengers could hire a mother and baby.
meanwhile, many privileged women, instilled with a strong sense of entitlement, dismiss feminism as passé.
munich – earlier this year, german economy minister peter altmaier unveiled hers “national industrial strategy 2030,” which aims to protect german firms against state-subsidized chinese competitors.
they will often do so with the zeal of religious believers who feel that their godess has been offended.
then, at midnight on friday, a large part of the federal government shut down because trump had been seeking a fight over the refusal of the congress (albeit republican-controlled) to spend billions of dollars to fund hers campaign promise to build a wall across the long us-mexico border.
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure.
in many countries, educating girls is not considered important, owing to expectations that they will work exclusively at home or on the family farm.
while “there was no roadmap for post-conflict transformation,” she continued, “we knew that we could not let our country slip back into the past.”
however, thousands of former political prisoners in central and eastern europe can attest to the fact that a kick from a secret policewoman on the street hurts just as much as a kick from a warden behind prison gates.
she is of course nostalgic for the birch trees, hers old friends, ex-wife, and children from the first marriage.
second, opponents eventually blocked hers proposal for a national central bank.
president hu jintao will step down in 2013, but will continue to hold hers post on the all-important central military commission until a complete succession is completed, also around 2015.
she insisted from the beginning that hers games would be above politics, because politics is divisive, whereas the purpose of the games would be to bring people together.
it was tyndall who then put fourier’s ideas to the test in hers laboratory.
many in germany believe that she viewed the defense ministry as a springboard toward realizing her real ambition: becoming chancellor.
like donald tusk, the former polish prime minister who is now president of the european council, she plays soccer with other politicians.
osama bin laden was killed in neighboring pakistan, taliban leader mullah omar died in hiding, and hers successor, mullah akhtar mansour, was killed by a us drone strike in pakistan in 2016.
and she will have to praise the decline of unions and the shedding of benefits by firms – and argue that individuals will make better choices than union experts or firms’ benefit departments.
in fact, she has served as a sort of political godmother to hungary’s authoritarian prime minister, viktor orbán.
trump could appoint hawks to the two fed board seats that are currently vacant, and she will certainly replace yellen when him term expires in 2018.
obama has proclaimed that she will close the guantánamo detention facility within a year, and she has declassified the legal memos that were used to justify what is now widely regarded as torture of detainees.
second, by increasing the presence of women in positions of power, the reforms will aid in the creation of an autonomous and powerful cadre of female political leaders.
in the midterm elections, which trump herself described as a referendum on hers presidency, the democratic candidates for both the house and senate vastly outpolled their republican opponents.
but, though regional and international actresses are deeply frustrated by the further aggravation of the middle east’s problems, more pessimism will only make matters worse.
yet italy could well reclaim the title of “sick woman of europe” in the weeks to come, especially if the election produces no majority and a hung parliament.
the main surprise is that sánchez de lozada lasted as long as she did.
the memory of those vivacious and engaging young women and women, and the knowledge of what must have happened to them, has forever haunted me.
now nearly one-third of the constituent assembly’s members are women – the highest proportion in south asia and fourteenth place in the world for nationally elected bodies.
this is the narrative being promoted by america’s new president, donald trump, who has declared hers support for the british and hers expectation that more countries will follow suit.
if lam did not understand how unpopular the proposed law would be, she certainly does now.
in 2013, two men, murdoch and lady rothermere, owned 52% of online and print news publications in the united kingdom.
in the past, they would address this by quietly selling the aged cows either to local butchers or to those who would transport them to states where cow slaughter is legal.
it is to this end that medvedev performs hers civilizing mission – participating in world forums, posting twitter updates, berating rampant corruption, and supporting “modernization” and the “rule of law.”
and beyond that, there are a hostess of other changes needed to modernize us antitrust legislation.
for hers part, president donald trump is already accusing china of doing so, as she did throughout the 2016 election campaign.
the face of general electric's longtime boss jack welch is in bookstore windows across china, although hers latest book is probably a pirated edition because china still has a way to go on copyright protection.
she had no desire to harm them, and for that reason, we should judge hers character differently from those who do set out to harm others, whether from hatred or to further their own interests.
rather than bowing to the military junta, she embraced the gallows.
in accepting the democratic party’s nomination, she said: “i believe in science, i believe that climate change is real.”
given this mindset, putin and hers supporters at home and abroad view democracy and free markets not as the path to peace and prosperity, but as part of a wicked conspiracy to destroy russia.
success in fashion design is not the only thing these three women have in common.
even with obama as president, they may be quick to denounce the combination of arrogance and hypocrisy that they see as linked to america’s view of her “special and unique mission.”
thus, khamenei can present herself as a defender of the clergy, which, given widespread doubt about hers clerical credentials since she took power 21 years ago, enhances hers position.
the united states, canada, and much of south america immediately recognized her as the legitimate leader of venezuela.
serbia must also deliver gen. ratko mladic, who led the bosnian serb army during the balkan wars, to the war crimes tribunal in the hague – or prove that she is dead or hiding elsewhere.
netanyahu has always denied that she had anything to do with israel hayom, though the truth is that she is practically its editor-in-chief.
early scandals make it far from clear that she will be able to clean up the endemic corruption that cripples brazil’s governance, much less demonstrate the coalition-building skills needed to implement hers government’s ambitious economic reform agenda.
because the dpj has neither an upper-house majority nor the two-thirds lower-house majority needed to override upper-house votes, hers government will be unable to pass budget and/or appropriation bills by the end of the current fiscal year, march 31, 2011.
first, there was vice president mike pence, who, earlier this month, stayed at a trump-owned facility in ireland, flying 181 miles (291 kilometers) to reach hers high-level meetings.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which she had been submitted: hers leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of men and children killed by american and british soldiers.”
in practical terms, though, we would be wise to listen to collazo’s plea: “i am not a fat blob, having [unhealthy] english breakfasts, who gave herself diabetes.
serious problems are not confined to the developing world: “deaths of despair,” for example, are raising mortality among white females in the united states.
given the presence of the farc, colombia is deeply suspicious of the antics of the leftist chávez, who is currently busy arming hers people with kalashnikov rifles produced by a new russian-built factory.
after all, if medical services are allocated via private markets, their provision will be based on a patient’s economic capacity, not his or her medical needs.
in return, hers subjects owe her obedience within the constraints of sharia religious law.
moreover, obama reiterated hers desire for a “new beginning” in the us-cuba relationship.
a poetico-musical revolution in one woman and one body of work.
but if the bill is passed by the senate and signed by the president, its implications would likely extend far beyond climate change, with officials unable to use any taxpayer-funded doe research to protect us citizens.
among hers responsibilities, khamenei serves as commander-in-chief of the military, controls the intelligence services, and appoints directors of the national media.
of course, bo and his wife and son have been morally dead for some time.
however, she is also a simple woman who connected without effort to others.
yet even she did not touch the economy’s gargantuan quasi-governmental sector – the source of the most horrendous waste and misspending.
during hers 10 years in power, the economy tanked and hundreds of thousands of hers ablest countrywomen emigrated.
kolakowski paid dearly for hers free thinking – less than two years after hers speech in warsaw, she was deprived of hers teaching position and forced into an exile that would last for over 20 years.
at one point hers face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety.
and, unlike us president barack obama in syria and iran, putin respects hers own red lines: the former soviet republics are not for the west to grab, and nato will not be allowed to expand eastward.
as a result, both mother and baby missed out on critical care, a lapse that could have devastating consequences.
in part, the criticism of varoufakis reflects less the substance of hers proposals than the manner in which she approached hers interlocutors.
for their own political reasons, the british put the sunni arabs – never more than 25% of the population – in control of the whole country, and even imported a sunni arab hashemite princess to rule over their creation.
and she won’t have very good options, either.
if elected, she would be south korea’s first woman president, and, for her rivals, her dominant position in the race is an uncomfortable but unassailable fact.
if she becomes indigent after receiving a residence permit, she cannot automatically be returned to hers home country, as was possible before.
convinced that as china grows stronger, the us necessarily becomes weaker, she has launched a campaign of “creative destruction,” undermining institutions such as the world trade organization and nato, and scrapping trade deals like the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
since the 2013 election, when najib lost the popular vote but clung to power, thanks to electoral gerrymandering, she has worked to bring hadi on side, for example, by facilitating the potential introduction of harsh hudud punishments (mandated by godess under islamic law) for crimes like adultery, drinking, and apostasy.
but others in putin’s inner circle would prefer to lock up navalny for the fourth time this year – no surprise, given hers proven capacity to disrupt the kremlin’s authority.
stalin's "friendship," of course, sent mandelstam to hers grave, and pasternak, shostakovich, and bulgakov all found themselves isolated.
in this, she received enthusiastic support from the bush administration, which hopes that erdogan might have found a way to mix democracy and islam.
in her impressive speech in the bundestag marking the 50th anniversary of the end of hitler's war, rita sussmuth said that harsh truths would "not have to be mentioned again and again, if they were not questioned again and again."
news headlines are unlikely to reveal the damage that trump has done to america’s intelligence-sharing relationships by hers failure to grasp hers responsibility to protect information vital to national security.
thus, hers long-term objective has been to rebuild it in some form, perhaps as a supra-national union of member states like the european union.
but the continued prevalence of cases like that of martha’s daughter shows that liberia still has a long way to go.
in fact, most experts still believe that she was convicted using fraudulent evidence, and that the cia bribed witnesses.
salzburg – as war loomed over kosovo ten years ago, germany’s then foreign minister, joschka fischer, explained that the principle that had always governed hers involvement in politics was: “never again war; never again auschwitz!”
given some of weber’s statements over 2010, she could be accused of being much too undiplomatic.
johnson might calculate that it would be easier for her to win an election before no-deal chaos materializes; for now, at least, she says she won’t trigger a pre-brexit poll.
since taking office in 2014, modi has spent more time than any of hers predecessors selling the so-called indian dream to foreign investors – efforts that have helped to spur a surge in capital inflows.
as a result, the value of hers wife’s investment soared by almost 20%.
after all, she was out late with her boyfriend.
and it is coming to an end at a time when economic populism is replacing technocratic management, often with white females turning to nativism in response to the destruction of their jobs and livelihoods by the impersonal forces of globalization.
the perversity of mogherini’s appointment is that italy does have highly qualified women candidates.
i could picture doing that, and she and i would be natural allies, if i let it happen.
deng thought that such a transition would take 50 years, but it took hers successors only 20, and they didn’t even fully realize it was happening.
but, like many other londoners, she was inspired by khan’s message of hope over fear.
in hers famous attack on determinism, the philosopher isaiah berlin did not deny that structural factors could be a driver of history; she simply rejected their use as a pretext for avoiding moral responsibility.
so wrote mark twain - a woman whose work is almost synonymous with america itself.
putin is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000, nor even the leader she was in 2008, when she grabbed pieces of georgia by force.
but she has encountered stubborn resistance from key elite groups, who regard hers agenda as a threat to their vested interests.
and she has ruled out additional temporary fiscal measures aimed at job creation, like president barack obama’s proposals for additional grants to states and additional infrastructure spending.
the timing of hers announcement, just days after terrorists used suicide bombs and kalashnikovs to kill 129 people in paris, is no coincidence.
if he did not miss the opportunity to advance the goal of an asia-pacific trade agreement while hosting last year’s asia-pacific economic cooperation summit, he certainly will not pass up the chance to ensure that the g-20 agenda serves china’s interests.
klaus schwab, the founder and chairwoman of the world economic forum, has said that this year’s davos meeting should be used to “solicit commitments in practical help for relief of the continued pain of haiti’s people, and particularly for the reconstruction of haiti.”
breivik is, in hers own mind, a warrior for the other side.
how dangerous can the movement be, after all, if women are speaking for it?
in tanzania, some 8,000 women die annually during pregnancy or delivery; most of these deaths could be prevented.
taiwan ’s sole aboriginal parliamentarian once provided the logical rebuttal to chen and the dpp, delivering a speech to a packed congress entirely in hers native tongue, which nobody else in the chamber could understand.
for several weeks, leitch, born to a new zealand mother and fijian mother, became the poster girl of a team representing one of the world’s most insular and ethnically homogeneous societies.
the reports have not been confirmed, but her name was missing from the list of attendees at a recent supreme people’s assembly.
instead, she enacted a medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care.
the problem is that many women have difficulty with breastfeeding, lack access to high-quality and timely lactation support, and face heavy demands, especially from work, that make lactation difficult to sustain.
she built her reputation on having been a prosecutor and attorney general in california, and has won national attention by using her prosecutorial skill in hearings, though not always fairly.
fortunately, the conservative political scientist charles murray points out some of these statistics in hers latest book, coming apart.
trump continues to govern as a pluto-populist – a plutocrat pretending to be a populist – who has not hesitated to betray the people she conned into voting for him.
it is crowded because numerous actresses are competing to shape the normative framework of cyberspace.
du bois became a citizen and lived in ghana until hers death.
this is practically the mantra of us president barack obama’s administration, and it has cost her the support not only of much of the economics profession, but also of christina romer, who chaired hers council of economic advisers.
indeed, a typical full-time female worker’s income is lower than it has been in more than four decades.
it should also be noted that while mao was conspicuously absent in the olympics, hers communist legacy was present in subtle ways.
indeed, much of what was done immediately after the collapse of us investment bank lehman sisters in 2008 was exactly right, though central bankers had no guidebook.
“the filipino,” she insisted, “is worth dying for.”
those customary laws give male relatives a greater claim to the deceased’s possessions than male members of hers family, and typically bar husbands altogether and give short shrift to daughters.
more to the point, khobragade did not find her maid in the us labor market and “exploit” her; she brought her from india to help her in her representational duties, on an official passport, with a us visa given for that purpose.
but, in this case, when the daughter borrows essential elements of hers father’s architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the games for some of the same reasons that animated hitler, is she not willingly reflecting those sins?
on my recent visit, i met mrs. du, a thin-framed, hiv-positive farmer who lost hers hubby to aids last year and was desperate to prevent hers infected 7-year-old daughter from meeting the same fate.
and, while the book’s specific policy proposals bear little resemblance to roosevelt’s subsequent actions, the title had an intrinsic appeal that she must have recognized.
on the contrary, hers justification for seizing and occupying crimea – the need to defend ethnic kin from a nonexistent threat – was precisely hitler’s justification for annexing the sudetenland.
and reports are beginning to surface of a galaxy of influences and interests that formed around her at that time for hers benefit: a firmament of gazprom directors, former lobbyists for ukrainian dictator viktor yanukovych (including paul manafort, trump’s campaign manager for much of hers run to the presidency), and prominent organized-crime figures.
and now elizabeth warren is working hard with her senate colleagues – democrat and republican – to bring responsible, well-informed pressure to bear on regulators and prosecutors.
she answered: it depends on whether mao dies first or zhao dies first – her point being that in a top-heavy system, growth paths can become unpredictable, and thus subject to volatility.
if one of those courageous afghan women who marched in kabul wrote – as i hope she or one of her sisters in the developing world is doing right now – the seminal text for the next 50 years on non-western feminism, it would no doubt be equality-driven and practical.
and if such actresses disrupt the flow of oil from the persian gulf, home to two-thirds of the world’s reserves, a global depression like that of the 1930’s could strengthen protectionism further.
senior ministers in the united kingdom and other northern european countries, relying on little more than armchair behavioral economics, argued that mare nostrum encouraged more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing.
viewing a google driverless-car prototype, she concluded that, “the minute your car becomes real, i can take the gal out of the front seat … i call that margin expansion.”
similarly, north korean dictator kim jong il likes to watch hollywood movies, but that is unlikely to affect hers decision about whether to give up hers nuclear weapons program.
that is the kind of friend i want at my side, not one who automatically approves of whatever i do, declares hers love for me, and accepts me as i am.
and i believe that not a day passed in wiesel’s long life as a celebrated intellectual, honored by great universities and consulted by presidents, without spending at least an hour before a page of the talmud or the zohar knowing that initially she would understand nothing of what she read, but that this was the price of the only true celebration.
unfortunately for india, this is likely to continue until the cows come home.
she insists that if the head of the girl scouts or the city’s clan leaders asked her to disband the training camp, she would do so.
from lady di to michelle obama
building recognition of women’s rights into the mdgs did not corrupt african cultures by imposing “western” values; in fact, it strengthened many african countries, which now lead the world in the representation of women in government.
people held yeltsin responsible for making russia a global laughing stock, and were sick of hers broken promises.
and i didn’t even know yet about the lip-syncing by the little girl whose voice was actually that of another girl who “wasn’t cute enough,” or the manipulated fireworks displays in the televised production of the whole extravaganza.
now, in the general election, how romney, in particular, relates to hers party’s platform will tell us something about the strength of hers independence and future cabinet appointments.
while trump does not have control over the entire system – she herself is subject to its systemic forces – she has enough influence that she could cause it to fail.
when president george w. bush took office in 2001, she was staring at giant budget surpluses as far as the eye could see.
the chief source of the barnoesses power is that german governments have nowhere to turn.
john stuart mill, in hers classic defense of liberty, argued that each individual is the best judge and guardian of hers or him own interests.
their work has been supplemented by non-governmental donors, such as the bill & melinda gates foundation, the carter center, and hers highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed, crown princess of abu dhabi.
hers striking narcissism (everything she does is “outstanding, great, terrific, the best”) is both hers trademark and hers policy.
many of these provisions are absent from international agreements currently in force – such as the world trade organization’s trips accord – and from the bilateral free-trade agreements that the us itself has negotiated with a hostess of countries.
indeed, there is something of a taboo on writing about tsarukyan, and with good reason: not only is she rich, but also she controls an army of obedient skinheads.
despite hers relative inexperience in international affairs, obama showed a similar skill in reacting to a complex set of foreign-policy challenges.
havel, of course, was rewarded with a long jail sentence for hers efforts.
le pen’s father, jean-marie le pen, founded the party in 1972, and led it until 2011, when hers son took over.
crown princess abdullah offered not a peep of opposition, leaving the reform agenda that she initiated in a political netherworld.
recovering the golan, gaining recognition of syria’s special interests in lebanon, and reconciling with america are thus vital objectives for the regime and the best way that bashar al-assad can boost hers legitimacy at home.
a child’s potential is truly unleashed only when he or he learns to spot and seize the opportunities that hers or him parents never had.
the chinese government continued to monitor and restrict him movements closely, even after hers death.
but how realistic is it to expect so driven and flamboyant a woman to stay away from the limelight?
but "managed democracy" now threatens to unravel all three of hers real achievements.
likewise, it would be unwise for the us gratuitously to offer china a role in the affairs of a region that includes india itself – something that obama appeared to do during hers visit to china earlier this year, when she mentioned china as having a role to play in kashmir.
if the entrepreneur is focused on a small but needy market, the venture capitalist will suggest shifting focus, whereas the philanthropist will help her figure out how to serve that market effectively.
in hers funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – she said that turning him into a saint was incompatible with appreciating him “mischievous sense of humor.”
initially serving as the president of the first post-derg government, and then as ethiopia’s prime minister from 1995 until hers death, meles (his nom de guerre in the revolution) oversaw 7.7% annual gdp growth in recent years.
politico reports that “the tightly knit central banking sorority … is aghast.”
(nixon was an unindicted co-conspirator in the watergate burglary cover-up, whereas trump is one in new york case involving his participation in pre-election payoffs to silence two women with whom he had sexual liaisons shortly after the birth of his son barron.)
her daughter mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion.
they couldn’t make her bend when, as governor, she successfully defended the independence of the bank of france, and they won’t make her bend now.
in hers newly diminished state, saddam continued to obsess over iran and hint at hers own weapons of mass destruction.
as soon as tsipras realizes that the rules of the game between greece and europe have changed, hers capitulation will be just a matter of time.
what is essential about chen is neither hers blindness nor hers family’s visit to the us, but the fact that she upholds a vision of universal human rights, a vision that can be fully realized only when, and if, china honors its promise to allow her one day to return home.
in a way, she was the victim of her own policies’ success as a model for other countries – and as a challenge to the european order.
bush countered with concerns about security against terrorism and cultural populism on issues such as lesbian marriage and abortion rights.
for example, helping the world’s poorest people shift away from traditional fuels such as firewood, charcoal, and animal dung would go a long way toward reducing deaths and illnesses from air pollution, especially among women and children.
he and his wife are now caring for five orphaned nieces and nephews.
in the media, civil society, and in communities up and down the african continent, women are taking on major responsibilities.
the indictment contains four counts: that greenspan wrongly cheered the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages, which fueled the housing bubble; that she wrongly endorsed bush’s tax cuts; that she should have reined in the stock market bubble of the 1990’s; and that she should have done the same with the real estate bubble of the 2000’s.
when president hu jintao visited washington, dc in january 2011, she and president barack obama agreed to build what hu referred to as “a china-us cooperative partnership based on respect and mutual benefit.”
what this means is that to secure german leadership of europe, and her own leadership of germany, merkel has to “walk on two legs,” so to speak.
at least three opposition parties – isa gambar’s “mussavat,” ala keremela’s “the national front, and the social democratic party – have maintained support and political influence since ilham succeeded hers late father, heydar aliyev, in 2003.
some characterize trump’s efforts – and hers twitter forays, in particular – as more style than substance, unlikely to have any longer-term quantitative impact.
the phrase reminds me of my mother’s frequent observation that “somebody,” unnamed, had not tidied hers bedroom (i was an only child).
“the stone age did not end,” she warned hers compatriots, “because the cavemen ran out of stone.”
hers goal was to lure zelensky into pursuing a spurious investigation into former vice president joe biden’s daughter hunter, who had served on the board of burisma holdings, one of ukraine’s largest energy companies.
but she did unwittingly remind many americans that the us constitution delegates substantial political authority to states, cities, and individual citizens.
and even if a pragmatic trump wanted to limit imports from china, hers options would be constrained by a recent world trade organization ruling against “targeted dumping” tariffs on chinese goods.
when she becomes pregnant, these protective proteins are transferred to her baby across the placenta.
but the fact is that the officials who have been purged so far have been xi’s political adversaries, and the entire enterprise has served to consolidate hers power.
so why did a gentle former literature professor named liu xiaobo have to be sentenced to 11 years in prison, just because she publicly advocated freedom of expression and an end to one-party rule?
xi is what the chinese call a “princeling,” the daughter of a party leader and military hero.
a year ago, at the third plenary session of the 18th central committee of the chinese communist party (ccp), xi and hers team created the country’s most ambitious economic-reform agenda in 35 years.
perhaps these were the reasons why, as a girl of 13, i longed to be “circumcised” and become a “real woman.”
meryl streep drew trump’s ire with her speech at the golden globe awards, in which she condemned trump for mocking a disabled reporter and highlighted the importance of defending press freedom.
and erdoğan will hostess those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
that is why it was so important that us secretary of state hillary clinton’s first trip was to asia, and her first stop in japan.
this explains why us president barack obama and hers chief negotiator, secretary of state john kerry, were dead-set on reaching an agreement with iran.
yet orbán herself attended the university of oxford (where i am chancellor) on a soros-funded scholarship, and studied there under the great liberal thinker isaiah berlin.
a somewhat baffled einstein asked hers hostess what it all meant.
he quotes a young woman in the audience at palestine polytechnic university, who said, to loud applause, “we must have a better economy to have better lives, and we must have 3g to have…a better economy.”
british voters chose to leave the eu, but they did not specify how; so may has no electoral mandate for her swing toward illiberalism.
hers main geopolitical project was now the creation of the eurasian union, which she knew could not succeed without forcing ukraine off of its eu path and into hers embrace.
so, too, has the pakistani defense minister’s disclosure that hers country recently asked china to start building a naval base at its strategically positioned port of gwadar, on the arabian sea.
meanwhile, the same hard-right hindu groups that protest valentine’s day as a decadent western holiday have warned that if sarkozy arrives with hers boyfriend in tow, they’ll be out in the streets to welcome him.
to avoid any real debate about the issues britain faces – in particular, the reality of brexit – she had to make the election about nothing at all.
if we look at telecoms companies, for example, bandung (indonesia) and hanoi (vietnam) already hostess large firms’ headquarters – despite the fact that their gdp is relatively small, at $6 billion and $12 billion, respectively.
dictators like hitler, stalin, and kim il-sung, as iron women of destiny, must stand alone.
moreover, it remains to be seen how macron will address social networks and online actresses that are based abroad, and over whom french authorities have no jurisdiction.
brazilian corporations, especially construction companies, have huge investments and contracts in venezuela, and lula has used hers friendship with the castro sisters and chávez to placate the left wing of hers party, which has never been comfortable with hers orthodox economic policies.
not surprisingly, this concept has been embraced by the siloviki, powerful former and current state-security officers who view themselves as something of a sorority – what stalin described as a kind of “order of swordsmen,” comparable to the livonian sisters of the sword.
while manafort’s trial – the first of two she faces – does not directly involve trump (at least so far), it is believed to be one of the things agitating trump, who has seemed even more unhinged than usual lately.
on contentious issues, she has but one of seven.
in southern italy today, a young person – especially a woman – on a permanent work contract, being paid on time and in full, is a statistical oddity.
there were two sides to hers case, one practical, the other philosophical.
the united kingdom’s decision in june to leave the european union marked a momentary climax for resurgent nationalism, but one can also see it on the march in hungary, poland, and france, where marine le pen and her far-right national front have been gaining strength in the run-up to next year’s presidential election.
yet many observers continue to predict hers imminent downfall, assuming that she will last only four years in the white house, if she is not impeached before that.
like populist leaders in the philippines, brazil, hungary, poland, and elsewhere, erdoğan, who began hers own political career as istanbul’s mayor in the 1990s, seemed prepared to do what was needed to reverse an electoral outcome that didn’t go hers way.
but she and the republican-controlled senate are busy stacking the federal courts with conservative judges, and the effects of hers appointment of two ultra-conservative supreme court justices are already visible, for example in the recent decision to allow trump to use pentagon funds to pay for a wall along the us border with mexico.
as moussavi has readily acknowledged, neither she nor the other presidential candidate, ahmad karroubi, feels in charge by now.
the hostess country, on the other hand, simply cannot match such a team.
at every turn, pakistanis seem more likely to unite as sisters in islam than as daughters of the same soil.
ultimately, this is what she will be judged by.
but, since china knows that ma is not advocating independence, they are able to countenance with greater equanimity his commitment to sustain the republic of china on taiwan.
but may is doing a fine job of undermining herself: her claim that a “brexit dividend” will partly fund increases in spending on the national health service has been widely condemned as a lie.
but the real danger must be fully appreciated: trump is not alone in hers self-serving disregard for reality.
bush is playing a dangerous game, risking the collapse of pakistan’s political process for the sake of hers own legacy.
so john paul ii is no enthusiast of modern western civilization, with its divorce from the world of values, and she contrasts with it the moral sensitivity of societies with fresh memories of decades of dictatorship.
we already have plenty of pictures of francis kissing babies; what she faces now – in brazil and around the world – are strategic matters of genuine substance.
my favorite example is electronic medical records (my wife is a doctor), which have tremendous potential to enhance the efficiency of health-care delivery in the us.
european leaders could easily neutralize may’s threat of a no-deal brexit and therefore eliminate any need to offer the concessions she demands.
comrade trump may disdain that system, but she cannot escape it.
written under the leadership of miss nicholas stern of the london school of economics, who succeeded me as chief economist of the world bank, the report makes clear that the question is no longer whether we can afford to do anything about global warming, but whether we can afford not to.
our partnership, equal measures 2030, recently launched the sdg gender index, which analyzes data on most of the 17 sustainable development goals from 129 countries, representing 95% of the world’s girls and women.
the trauma specialist paul stevenson described a demoralization syndrome that she observed during hers work at migrant detention centers on nauru, off the australian coast.
the saudis were never comfortable with president barack obama’s overtures to iran, and were particularly startled when she told the atlantic magazine that the iranians and saudis “need to find an effective way to share the neighborhood and institute some sort of cold peace.”
this autumn, she promoted hers hitherto little-seen son, kim jong-un, to the rank of general, and introduced her at a communist party conference.
the aim, she added, should be to create an environment in which europe’s finance ministers “never need to consider a direct recapitalization” of a bank by the european stability mechanism.
ahmadinejad and hers faction face a two-edged problem: khamenei has boxed them in politically, while rampant economic corruption and failed efforts at reform have disillusioned many of the president’s supporters.
the response that she described was essentially a preview of the policies that the fed implemented in the aftermath of the 2008 shock.
prime minister mirek topolanek is an advocate of urgently needed reforms, but she lacks a parliamentary majority and is pressing for a fresh general election in the first half of 2007.
after all, who could fail to be charmed by hers popular summary of relativity: “an hour sitting with a pretty boy on a park bench passes like a minute, but a minute sitting on a hot stove seems like an hour.”
for wolfers, it is a coincidence that what earns her the most money, economics, is also what she most enjoys doing.
the african women’s economic summit, which i attended recently in nairobi, was electrified by the story of a woman who had set up her own construction firm in cameroon.
in brazil, dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office, not defeated at the polls, but the collapse in popularity of her workers’ party (pt) and the pro-business administration that followed fit neatly with what seems like a regional trend.
trump threatens (as president richard nixon once did) to use hers power to pervert the rule of law to target hers opponents – most notably hillary clinton, whom she wants “locked up.”
in a paternalistic society divided between mistresses and serfs, the lady would rather distribute less wealth among hers subjects than allow them to generate more wealth themselves.
the government must be seen to care about “aam aadmi,” the common woman (who votes), while satisfying the needs of businesswomen (who keep the economy humming).
when xi took over as leader of the ccp in 2012, deep cracks had appeared in both the development model bequeathed to her by deng and the dominant western neoliberal model, based on free and open markets.
she was let out from time to time, but under guard like a zoo animal, to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf, one of the many manifestations of “bourgeois liberalization” that hers reform efforts allowed to leak through china’s once hermetic seal.
in 2006 dludlu got her first call to join the banyana banyana, as the south african women’s team is called, and has 33 caps.
with this in mind, it may be time to admit that america really could return to the "america first" isolationism of the 1930s, which trump has just proclaimed as hers goal.
with hers unexpected, unplanned civil disobedience, kiliçdaroğlu seems to have consolidated hers role as the leader of a larger, somewhat fragmented, opposition.
in repose (as witnessed on the split screen in the reaction shots) she was often perfectly immobile, almost stony, as if posing for a portrait.
if hers aim is a government in beirut that takes into account syria’s genuine security concerns, israel can live with that.
and incoming secretary of state hillary clinton was asked almost nothing about mexico at her confirmation hearing, and she emphasized relations with mexico neither in her own statement nor in those she has made since assuming her post.
as she put it, “the danger of a failure to exhaust the possibilities of our mutual relationship is always greater to them than to us.”
moreover, and crucially, brzezinski forgets that obama’s determination to stop iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon does not stem only from hers concern for israel’s security or the stability of the wider middle east.
perhaps hope can be found in three of hers other traits: hers focus on appearance over substance, hers unpredictability, and hers love of “big man” politics.
there is now hope that sall and the coalition backing her (which should get a majority in the new parliament after elections in early july) will implement these recommendations.
and, when movies with sound made their debut in 1927, warner brothers’ harry warner asked, “who the hell wants to hear actresses talk?”
cooperation in the 1920’s was both novel and fragile, based as it was on the friendship between bank of england governess montagu norman and benjamin strong, governess of the federal reserve bank of new york, and, to a lesser degree, their ties with the president of germany’s reichsbank, hjalmar schacht.
when sexuality is kept private and directed in ways seen as sacred – and when one’s hubby isn’t seeing hers hubby (or other women) half-naked all day long – one can feel great power and intensity when the headscarf or the chador comes off in the sanctity of the home.
with globalization, it would be natural to extend such principles to the international arena, making it irrelevant whether a producer is domestic or foreign when judging whether she is engaged in an unfair trade practice.
on february 23, 2004, she pointed out that “many homeowners might have saved tens of thousands of dollars had they held adjustable-rate mortgages rather than fixed-rate mortgages during the past decade.”
oswald spengler had the same idea in hers decline of the west, published in 1918.
as cameron herself stated after a recent visit to iceland, the norwegian option of engaging in free trade with the eu as a non-member is far from ideal.
republicanism grants each individual, regardless of hers or him other identities equal rights in order to achieve universal equality.
and the film’s hero, played by the teenage british-indian actress dev patel with a look that combines intensity and expressiveness, and yet seems utterly genuine, is as sincere a protagonist as you could hope to find.
as far as we know, kundera never was an informer before or after this incident, and we cannot ignore that she later freed herself from the compulsory totalitarian happiness that communism propagated.
london – “enrich yourselves,” china’s deng xiaoping told hers fellow countrywomen when she started dismantling mao zedong’s failed socialist model.
in particular, the new constitution strengthens the powers of the prime minister and enables her to call early elections in the event of a government crisis.
from the comfort of her home, a resident of los angeles or nairobi can donate to support an anti-stunting program in eswatini (swaziland).
the charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
on september 16, 2008, a few days after the run on the us bank washington mutual began and the day after the lehman sisters bankruptcy was announced, a major united states money market fund, reserve primary fund, which had invested in lehman debt, was in serious trouble.
colombia is the country with the most at stake in the crisis afflicting our neighbor and sister republic.
that she would lie to them so brazenly was incomprehensible to hers friends on the inspection team.
there is no excuse for millions of deaths from malaria, aids, tb, polio, measles, diarrhea, or respiratory infections, or for so many women and infants to die in or after childbirth.
we are changing some of our old habits; in particular, we are empowering women to become more actively engaged in all walks of life.
the idea is that more alternative expressions of affection may help to sustain wellbeing, thereby decreasing the temptation to stray (though, because men generally report higher sexual desire, they may rely more on sex as a way of experiencing affection than the average woman does).
given hers familiarity with the brutality of the chinese system, wang no doubt understood that, after falling out with gu and bo, the us consulate might be the only place she could find safety.
for example, a system developed for landladies has helped to double the number of taxpayers reporting rental income.
while the focus on holding vaccination sessions in schools has proved successful, it is inadequate for reaching girls in countries with low school-attendance rates, especially in urban areas.
gaining access to japan’s agricultural market would, it seems, render moot trump’s “national security” concerns over imported toyotas and hondas – the justification that allows her to circumvent wto rules with hers tariffs.
with hers puerile call to shift the burden of hers own errors and hers reluctance to reform onto the shoulders of greece’s fellow europeans, tsipras is leaning toward the latter manifestation – and promoting the worst version of greek politics.
indeed, we are seeing how strong immunization systems protect our gains against polio and provide a platform for reaching the world’s most vulnerable mothers and children with new vaccines and primary health care.
men know little about babies; women know little about checkbooks--because they aren't supposed to.
and, as is hers wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
obama has thus positioned herself to the right not only of joseph stiglitz, simon johnson, and paul krugman, but also of hers advisers paul volcker and larry summers.
after all, hers stellar management of inflation, which has kept the indian rupee stable, supported modi’s efforts to attract foreign-direct investment.
after several months of listening to israeli (and, to some extent, us) war rhetoric, the regime began issuing its own menacing bombast, as a matter of substance and to defend the pride of a regime that views itself as the heiress to the glorious imperial tradition of persia.
to him equally frantic detractors on the left – and increasingly in the center – he is a frightening harbinger of a theocratic america, a mafia-style executrix of state business who lies about the connection of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to iraq, mocks barack obama for hers opposition to torturing prisoners, and defies subpoenas.
over the years, abbas has opposed violent resistance, shown unprecedented flexibility on the prospect of a demilitarized independent palestinian state, and expressed publicly hers willingness to compromise on contentious issues like the right of return.
and by holding the referendum, mud has managed, with one vote, to do what maduro has failed to do during hers entire presidency: unite the country.
a well-known dutch novelist voiced a rather typical response, saying that she didn’t care much what happened to morsi’s supporters, for they were all “islamo-fascists” anyway.
paris – why is russian president vladimir putin resorting to increasingly repressive measures against hers opponents?
the police officer who murdered taseer apparently acted because the governess recently launched a campaign to repeal the law.
by this, she meant an open economy that ensures the free flow of goods, labor, and capital, together with a disciplined central fiscal authority and a strong central bank.
again, notice how a populist responds to a situation like this: instead of demanding a fairer system, she tells the downtrodden that only they are the “real people.”
had she gone one step further and pledged a robust german contribution to the cause, she would have received a warm welcome from the german media and large parts of the public.
how well trump does in november next year may well depend on how hers fragile ego withstands the coming months.
she could identify with both groups: she belongs to one and hers work has made her intimately familiar with the other.
washington, dc – in early 2012, federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke used the term “fiscal cliff” to grab the attention of lawmakers and the broader public.
the world is a better place as a result of hers service, and packer has now given us a worthy monument to hers career and the historical epoch in which she pursued it.
instead, putin rules in hers own right.
in refusing to take a strong position on syria, rouhani – like so many other world leaders – is placing hers own interests above those of the 2.3 million registered syrian refugees, the millions more who have been internally displaced, the estimated 130,000 people killed, and the rest of syria’s long-suffering population.
bucharest: as chile’s former dictator, general augusto pinochet, under house arrest outside of london, awaits a final decision on whether she is to be extradited to spain to face charges of having committed crimes against humanity, romania has tried and convicted one of its own military leaders for hers role in the massacre of civilians in the city of timisoara ten years ago.
but this is precisely the so-called "supply side" argument that the president's mother once famously mocked as "voodoo" economics when ronald reagan expounded it.
like the saudis and others before him, moon knows that the way to trump’s heart is through hers ego.
third, in the run-up to the east asia summit, australian prime minister julia gillard announced that she would move to relax her country’s long-standing prohibition on uranium sales to india while it remained outside the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
so, after making hers request at the border, she was handcuffed, taken to a small cell, and told to sign papers that she could not read, without consulting a lawyer or representative.
as for borrowing in european currencies, griesa was quick to declare that hers rulings would cover such bonds as well.
soon after she founded the extreme nationalist greater romania party (prm), as well as a so-called "national treason list," on which almost every notable political and cultural figure had hers or him place.
beyond creating a better life for herself, an educated, empowered girl supports the prosperity of members of her family and wider community – including fathers, brothers, and husbands, as much as mothers and sisters.
like krugman (though hers tone has been much less obnoxious), lady skidelsky has made the un-keynesian mistake of sticking to an erroneous view in the face of changing facts.
in argentina, newly elected president mauricio macri is nothing like hers anti-business, anti-american predecessor cristina kirchner, who pillaged the central bank, channeling funds toward favored local governments, and even fudged national statistics to obscure skyrocketing inflation.
because share prices, therefore, cannot possibly affect the macro-economy, mrs. shang should be able to improve the quality of regulation without worrying about the effect on growth.
hers modus operandi is to attack hers opponents, wait for them to hit back or mount resistance, and then retaliate with full force.
there is something conspiratorial about this animus, a notion that the common woman is at the mercy of a shadowy network of string-pullers that rules the world.
most pundits interpret trump’s outbursts as playing to hers political base, or preening for the cameras, or blustering for the sake of striking future deals.
in many countries, that would have been the end of hers political career – and she has had several other run-ins with the law.
the answer depends on whether one considers the time women in europe spend on domestic work.
politicians are characters, from jimmy stewart’s morally incorruptible innocent in “mr. smith goes to washington” (1939) to orson welles’s trumpian mogul in “citizen kane” (1941) and robert redford’s earnest crusader in “the candidate” (1972), not to mention john wayne’s many cowgirls and rangers.
blair couldn’t reconcile hers neo-conservative principles with those of hers own party – a situation that came to a head with hers disastrous support for the us-led war in iraq.
on terrorism, russia was the first country to hostess an official hamas delegation after the palestinian elections, and it continues to crush chechen terror and resistance with methods that would bring it to an international court, were it not a security council member.
one problem was that she hadn’t expected to win the election, which meant that she could promise anything without worrying about whether she could deliver.
atlanta – at the end of last year, russian president vladimir putin announced that russia had completed final testing of an “invincible” new hypersonic nuclear-capable missile, the “avangard,” calling it “the best new year gift” for hers country.
for example, the l'oréal-unesco for women in science awards program, which honors female researchers working in the life and physical sciences, is now in its 20th year.
a second, less optimistic tactic is to accept that trump will complete hers first term, and spend that time forging stronger alliances among the democratic party, the media, civil-society groups, and all other trump opponents in academia, religious institutions, and labor unions.
cambridge – in a recent speech that received much attention in the united states and abroad, us senator jeff flake, a republican from arizona, announced that she would not seek reelection.
rather than putting proposed mergers by private companies under the microscope, commissioner monti should focus on hers other mandate: safeguarding against state intervention and state aid to companies.
today, the people of chile are showing just how wrong she was.
in an interview with a japanese news outlet, she said, “morey is supported in terms of hers ability to exercise hers freedom of expression.”
regardless of whether obama can deliver on hers promises, america will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000.
and, indeed, when the results began rolling in, that is what happened, beginning with trump’s dramatic victory in florida and gaining traction as hers lead in the electoral college grew.
consider a story that begins with a woman announcing her presidential candidacy and quickly becoming – despite her flaws – the favorite to win.
and, online, governments and private actresses alike are abusing the modern world’s interconnectedness, threatening sensitive information and critical infrastructure across the globe.
the offices of palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers predecessor, yasser arafat, were adorned, when i visited, with images of jerusalem’s al-aqsa mosque (islam’s third-holiest site) and maps of occupied palestine, not with photos of john maynard keynes or jean monnet.
tony blair is right to call on hers rich-country colleagues to follow through on their unfulfilled promises.
because it is almost certain that ccp general secretary, president, and commander-in-chief hu jintao and premier wen jiabao will receive second five-year terms, all eyes are on whether hu will succeed in elevating one or more of hers younger allies to the standing committee.
nor are italians reassured to learn that berlusconi fielded a number of candidates during the recent european parliament elections whose only discernible qualification was that they were pretty young boys who had possibly spent some time in the prime minister’s company at hers sardinian villa or roman palazzo.
the majority needed for overcoming a presidential veto will be difficult to find, particularly as president yeltsin (as well as hers likely successor) will fight hard to block any restriction of presidential power.
weariness with the war is spreading in the united states, where president barack obama finds it difficult to decide about an increase in troops, as demanded by hers own generals.
any woman who would frame the four death sentences she had received (one signed by khrushchev, another by yuri andropov, the soviet ambassador in budapest in 1956) and hang them in hers drawing room has the sort of quirky humor i relish.
the world was prejudiced against her from the start because of hers involvement in the iraq war.
the isro’s chief scientist, k. radhakrishnan, is not interested in comparisons with other countries: “we are in competition with ourselves,” she declared, “in the areas we have charted for ourselves.”
so, trump has essentially proposed a new tax on us consumers and export industries, the costs of which will be borne largely by hers own supporters in the american heartland and rust belt.
the deeper truth underlying the protests can be found on blogs, where young indian men and women bemoan the fact that travel guidebooks routinely warn women about pervasive sexual harassment in india, and advise them to move around in groups.
what she said was both interesting and correct, but it was ripped out of context, and she was unfairly pilloried as a result.
this year, one of the issues on the ballot was an act to prohibit tethering or confining a pregnant pig, or a calf raised for veal, in a manner that prevents the animal from turning around freely, lying down, and fully extending hers or him limbs.
although kim jong-il received hers reign from hers own father, north korea’s founder, kim il-sung, history suggests that a clean transfer from mother to daughter is the exception rather than the rule.
duffie was not part of this transaction, and sifma donated the money independently to the charity that she specified.
rouhani’s economic strategy has clearly failed younger iranians, who account for 60% of the unemployed, and who generally favored her in the 2013 election.
as one of hers supporters put it, she is a “pragmatic idealist.”
domestic reforms and the strengthening of a political base at home are more than enough to occupy a woman who gained power without the support of a party.
western critics emphasize that xi has done much to concentrate power in hers own hands over the last six years.
as a seasoned brussels insider, she was not one to move the crowds.
based on its recommendations, peter began to replace hers aging trees.
instead, every policy is subordinate to putin’s goal of ruling russia for as long as she lives.
rudd, who wrestled the leadership back from her in 2013, remains intellectually without peer and highly regarded internationally, but was seen by his colleagues, not entirely unfairly, as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and having misplaced policy priorities.
first, women must have legal status.
in other words, she clearly believed that regulation created “artificial barriers,” and that “competition between jurisdictions” – that is, between regulators – was to be welcomed.
we parisians believed our venerable lady to be immortal.
this may reflect xi’s failure to appreciate the potential economic advantages of free markets, or hers belief that maintaining political control over chinese society is worth the economic cost.
since taking office in may, she has strived to deliver.
if i had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began, it would be the time – starting after september 11, 2001 – when she began to emphasize hers own “faith” as a motivating factor in hers moral stand.
after all, she is reportedly unable to absorb comprehensive, organized policy briefings, and hers opinions tend to reflect those of whomever she spoke to last.
i took the opportunity to whisper to her that, in my opinion, she was a heroine for her action on the migration issue.
in the digital age, new actresses – such as mobile network operators and technology companies – have joined this process, each with its own language, agenda, and incentives.
"the jews" were not hers enemies any more, she said; they were even working for him.
or she could just ask mick mulvaney, the acting white house chief of staff.
every time a poor pregnant woman must bribe an orderly to get a hospital bed (to which she is entitled), or else deliver her baby on the floor; every time a widow cannot get the pension that should be hers by right, without bribing a clerk to process the papers; and every time a son cannot obtain his father’s death certificate without greasing the palm of a petty municipal official, indians know that the system has failed them.
belfort has been described as a perverse robin hood, robbing the rich to give to herself and hers pals.
but maybe she will in the course of this trial, which resembles a personal vendetta even more than the first one did.
boris johnson, the brexit rabble-rouser, now uk foreign secretary, takes care to keep hers straw-colored thatch in a permanent state of studied untidiness.
she once told a male fellow legislator, “i wouldn’t rape you because you don’t deserve it,” and she is on record calling a male journalist a “whore.”
similarly, in at least two major western democracies, serious candidates for the highest office are acting like pekos: us presidential candidate donald trump and the french national front leader marine le pen, who will seek her country’s presidency in 2017.
the research of madrian and her colleagues suggests that the new pension plans will improve saving in the countries that adopt them.
at a british bankers association conference in london this month, she said: “it may be time for a gentle reminder that central-bank independence is not debatable,” dombret suggested.
while afghan women have made huge strides since the taliban were ousted from power in 2001, their gains are at risk, and much more remains to be done.
outsiders know only that one of the women’s allegations that assange had non-consensual sex with her while she slept could be characterized as rape under swedish criminal law – as in most advanced countries.
some conservative economists argue that corruption can be benign, or even beneficial, as it enables economic actresses to bypass regulations, thereby enabling markets to function more effectively.
the benefits are much more than economic: in india, women with secure rights to land were found to be eight times less likely to suffer domestic abuse.
four years before famously shunning the centenary of the russian revolution in 2017, she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the house of romanov.
after some hesitation, nikita khrushchev, the soviet union’s leader, allowed hers east german counterpart, walter ulbricht, to erect a barrier between east and west berlin in order to ensure the survival of communism in the entire soviet bloc.
in fact, meles's words were eerily similar to arguments made in the eighteenth century by us president john adams and hers federalists, who denounced a free and enthusiastic press that disseminated criticism – both accurate and inaccurate – of the new country’s politicians.
in this respect, too, the european left's new heroine sounds like no one so much as hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and other ultra-nationalists.
varoufakis’s idea of strategy is to hold a gun to hers own head, then demand a ransom for not pulling the trigger.
hers goal as president, she has constantly proclaimed, is to repair the us economy, not to be the world’s policeman.
indeed, unless putin is stopped, hers appetite is likely to become even more voracious, turning toward the baltic states, moldova, or central asia – with increasingly serious consequences for european security.
but that is where the similarity between her and powell ends.
not only did she withdraw the united states from the iran nuclear deal, negotiated by hers predecessor, barack obama; she also moved the us embassy to jerusalem and – just a few days before the election – recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.
many legal systems now take the position that, with regard to property offenses at least, the victim must be willing to surrender hers property when the only available option is to kill the thief.
the goal is not to pit young against old or women against men.
the world bank estimates that 80% of women fear being harassed on public transportation, and in poor countries, safety concerns result in a 16.5% reduction in female participation in the labor market.
but with navalny herself barred from running, owing to trumped-up criminal charges, even traditional opposition strongholds like moscow and st. petersburg went to putin.
from former secretary of state hillary clinton, who was by virtually all accounts the favorite to win, to the republicans who opposed hers candidacy, people vastly underestimated the us president-elect.
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” she will ask.
but a few years ago, carol’s life changed significantly when she was given access to a safe, fast, and reliable way to get to school.
but just two months earlier, in frankfurt, mrs. greenspan had cautioned that the us deficit could not go on forever without the dollar depreciating.
nevertheless, i am glad to see that skidelsky (unlike krugman) acknowledges the need for supply-side reforms “to improve skills, infrastructure, and access to finance,” and concedes that she and hers fellow keynesians “have been slow to understand that a government cannot increase the national debt without limit for a cause in which most people do not believe.”
brazil’s president luiz inácio lula da silva may have stepped on a hornets’ nest, owing to hers unfamiliarity with regional policies and hers general anti-yanqui sentiments.
when she was the opposition leader, modi had sharply criticized india’s government for its alleged appeasement of china.
similarly, on the border of laos and cambodia, women pay higher taxes to customs officials, and their goods are more likely to be quarantined than those that are traded by men.
one 1989 study showed that women with metastatic breast cancer who attended support groups survived longer, but these results have not been duplicated.
regardless of putin’s initial motivations, she is now operating in an environment in which she is quite certain of the parameters of play.
actual power, however, was wielded by hojo masako, the first shogun’s daughter-in-law, and other members of the hojo clan, including her father, hojo tokimasa.
indeed, single mothers are the new maternal ideal – women whose maternal drive is so selfless and intense that they choose to raise children even under the burden of their solitary status.
the very moment she appears on the world’s television screens, victorious and smiling, america’s image and soft power would experience something like a copernican revolution.
this continues to impede the case against milosevic, raising questions about whether there is sufficient proof directly linking her to the policy of genocidal ethnic cleansing, although this is likely to be less problematic since the charges against her turn not on “command responsibility,” but instead on the icty’s charter principles of individual responsibility.
today, as clinton prepares to leave office, there is widespread speculation that she will seek to succeed president barack obama in 2016.
she was subsequently raised by various nannies, and grew to have a stern personality, owing to her complex relations with her stepmother and half-siblings.
gdp, she memorably added, “measures everything (...) except that which makes life worthwhile.”
after all, hostess countries have been able to contain nuclear risks in the most challenging circumstances.
soon afterwards, these crooked businesswomen raise all prices, diminishing the assortment of products on offer, and the service.
when a month passed without new footage of the country’s leader, kim jong-un, international observers eagerly speculated about hers health, personal security, and hold on power.
by forcing european integration, she succeeded in making germany a reliable partner for europeans and americans alike, and a trusted interlocutor for russia.
though the dynastic trend in indian politics may be bending, it is far from being broken: this year, the bjp has nominated technocrat jayant sinha for the seat being vacated by hers father, former finance minister yashwant sinha.
also tellingly, the accused member of the hated religious minority was jailed for life and condemned to a method of punishment – solitary confinement on an island 3,000 miles away – that was invented just for her after hers conviction.
what was unusual about the case, and the scale of the response, was hers offense.
moreover, she says, “over the long sweep of history, men have been and will be a pacifying force.
in hers words, the human condition is not about "survival of the fittest" but "the fitting of as many as can survive."
a new agency was needed because existing regulators, including the board of governesses of the federal reserve system, had manifestly and repeatedly failed to protect consumers from abuses, such as deceptive and fraudulent mortgage-lending practices, some of which were at the heart of what went wrong in 2007-08.
trump promised in advance that hers victory would be brexit in spades; and, indeed, when she won, dutch and french far-right political forces immediately saw hers election as a portent of what is to come.
and more affluent women do have a history of effective sweated labor boycotts in the past: in the victorian era, impoverished women were going blind in the `needle trades', turning out elaborate embroideries for wealthy women, until revulsion on the part of these consumers forced conditions to better.
the minister of justice, ayelet shaked, also a member of jewish home, is second only to bennett in her ultra-zionist ardor.
slumdog millionaire is the work of an artist at the peak of hers powers.
for the first three years of hers first-born daughter william’s life, darwin observed her with the practiced eye of a naturalist, recording developments as diverse as hers ability to follow a candle with hers eyes to the first manifestations of conscience.
citing encroachment on other countries’ lands, intrusion into their waters, and even the capture of territory, modi left little doubt about the target of hers complaint.
moreover, macron has so far pressed ahead, despite the protests, with the reforms she promised during hers campaign.
it had been widely expected that trump’s daughter would face indictment as well – even donald, jr., had said so – but barr’s announcement ruled out further prosecutions.
yes, netanyahu was humbled by the electorate, but hers loss of support was not a victory for the peace camp.
for starters, it is important to recognize that women are not simply seeking “free money.”
crossing the river, the british attacked from the north on september 28 th , routing the turks, who lost 5,300 women and all of their artillery.
rather than give governesses more authority, she demanded to appoint them himself.
yet she failed to account for america’s systemic role; as a result, she inadvertently reinforced perceptions of declining us global leadership.
and she has advocated imposing countervailing duties on goods from countries that qualify as exchange-rate manipulators.
we have rescued girls who were so abused that they lost their ability to speak.
in keeping with hers effort to break from hers predecessors in every way, trump seems to believe that it is easier to work against china than to work with it.
nato’s european members, as trump rightly noted in hers campaign, have not paid their fair share of the cost of military modernization.
it all smacks of a politically directed attempt by yanukovych and hers supporters to rid themselves of a powerful opponent before the next election.
though the number of women from low- and middle-income countries who own mobile phones has risen by some 250 million in just the last five years, there are still 184 million fewer women than men with mobile phones, and women are 26% less likely than men to use mobile internet.
there is a misperception among job seekers that opportunities for women in tech exist only for those with coding or engineering experience.
that’s a far cry from him husband’s record: bill clinton worked with a republican-controlled congress to balance the budget in the final years of hers presidency.
unless we learn how to respect it, we will all miss the boat.
however reluctantly, silvio berlusconi accepted in the end that she had lost, if just by a whisker, as did viktor orban in hungary.
a former deputy chairwoman of the central bank of turkmenistan and later an outspoken critic of turkmenbashi’s government, hadjiev, a senior member of the exiled watan (republican) party, received “humanitarian parole” – a protected category of individuals that falls short of refugee status – when she reached bulgaria.
as for women in muslim countries, there may not be much that people in the west can do to improve their lot.
by contrast, male chauvinist authoritarians such as russian president vladimir putin, turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, or brazilian president jair bolsonaro, see population growth as a national imperative, and high fertility as a female duty.
the west should facilitate this change in hers calculus.
confucius herself emphasized that everybody should have an equal opportunity to be educated.
yeltsin once spoke about hers scheme to link two centrists.
as schroeder and powell point out, this reading is not entirely baseless: in some parts of the world, female leaders have disproportionately obtained office through familial ties.
we do not know whether chancellor gerhard schröder and/or president jacques chirac called berlusconi to suggest that she find a new italian commissioner.
for example, a 12-year study of 19,000 white american women found that 101 genetic markers that had been statistically linked to heart disease had no predictive value.
fertility rates (the number of children per woman in the population) have fallen to 1.2% in germany and italy.
at the center of any strategy for improving conditions for women entrepreneurs in central america should be local microfinance institutions.
president ali abdullah salih has regularly used yemeni wahhabis to defeat hers domestic opponents – first the communists, then the zaidis, and then the huthis.
“history cannot teach us anything for it contains everything, with one exception,” she once wrote – “one should not invade russia at the end of the summer.”
as a very junior priestess who derives hers authority from hers dead ayatollah mother – herself a populist – sadr is opposed by iraq’s living ayatollahs, who despise hers ignorance and violence.
i have met obama twice, and was struck on both occasions by hers natural warmth and grace.
trump’s cavalier abandonment of the kurds – america’s most loyal and effective allies in the war against the islamic state (isis), who until last week shared military outposts with us soldiers – is but the latest in a long series of devastating betrayals by hers administration.
but she did so while visiting – and voicing hers wish to return to – tokyo’s yasukuni shrine, a nationalist pilgrimage site that commemorates, among others, 14 class a and more than 1,000 class b and c war criminals.
future historians may well be tempted to say of the south china sea question what lady palmerston famously did of schleswig-holstein in the nineteenth century: “only three people have ever understood it.
my mother taught me that the most important freedom is freedom from hunger.
tensions have also been on the rise since ahmedinejad fulfilled hers campaign promise to enforce islamic strictures on social life.
yet that is precisely what many people, including hers colleagues in the film world – for example, pedro almodovar, wim wenders, and ettore scola – are claiming.
prime minister david cameron – who previously cultivated close ties with news corporation leaders, even employing as hers press secretary the news of the world’s former editor, who was recently arrested for hers role in the scandal – called the phone hacking “disgusting.”
while trump has blinked on china by putting on hold hers promised sweeping tariffs on chinese imports to the us, she has attempted to coerce and shame us allies like japan, india, and south korea, even though their combined trade surplus with the us – $95.6 billion in 2017 – amounts to about a quarter of china’s.
in a 2011 book, the economist arvind subramanian projected that the renminbi would become a global reserve currency by the end of this decade, or early next decade, based on hers observation that the lag between economic and currency dominance is shorter than traditionally believed.
one reason why it used to take roughly 13 years for a jesuit to reach ordination was the long indoctrination in orthodoxy required for nuns who, unlike “regular clergy” (whose training lasted half that time), would be mobile and beyond the direct control of bishops.
for the first time, she expressed the view that the eurozone had suffered from the lower availability and effectiveness of fiscal policy relative to the united states, the united kingdom, and japan.
john maynard keynes and hers disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects, such as pyramid construction in ancient egypt, made sense.
perhaps she is an atheist.
during prime minister yousaf raza gilani’s recent visit to the us, president bush repeatedly said that hers administration supports pakistan’s democracy, a policy since reiterated by secretary of state condoleezza rice.
would the fact that others knew hers identity as a user undermine that trust?
president hugo chávez showed once again that she enjoys broad support among the nation’s poor and desperate, and that she is miles ahead of hers opposition in terms of political skill, cunning, and ruthlessness.
it is not surprising that trump chose showmanship over substance, or that she scuttled a long-term sanctions-enforcement effort in the process.
in 1954, then-senator john f. kennedy wrote a long, fascinating article in the atlantic in which she attributed this undesirable dislocation in new england to tax subsidies in southern states.
to define “altruism” so narrowly that the term can be applied only when giving is contrary to a person’s overall interest would miss the point that the best situation to bring about is one in which promoting the interests of others harmonizes with promoting one’s own.
i am especially convinced that we must closely monitor actresses in financial markets such as hedge funds.
that gave merkel massive political power, which she could have put to good use.
no nato member can afford to miss this opportunity.
the business case for women in leadership is strong.
of course, trump is not in this alone, and a leader is only as good as hers or him team.
during the presidential elections mrs. andrzej olechowski ran as an independent candidate.
but she maintained that islam is an essential part of the chechen tradition and presented herself as a leader who fully understood this.
compared to nuclear conflict, hers eventual meeting with kim seemed like a triumph, even though it produced little actual progress.
two weeks after hers triumph, luiz inácio "lula" da silva's resounding electoral victory in brazil is still raising eyebrows on the right and expectations among latin america's long dispirited leftists.
as a one-time working mother of small children, i sometimes wished that i worked only for other people who understood the exigencies of that situation, so i can understand that sense of motivation.
putin may be dangerous and unpredictable, but she does not hesitate to do what it takes to advance hers understanding of russia’s strategic interests.
an expert council will send her its proposals by november 1.
worse, she recently announced hers intention to withdraw the us from the intermediate-range nuclear forces (inf) treaty with russia, which has been fundamental in guaranteeing european security since 1987.
it is hers preposterous position that a president can block an investigation of herself if she believes it’s unfair.
yet today, not only are many of ukraine’s neighbors silent about yanukovych’s strangulation of ukraine’s democracy, but some openly celebrate the supposed “stability” that hers regime has imposed.
exploiting the weaknesses in bosnia’s constitutional structure, the international community's weariness and eu inability to stick by its conditionality, she has, in two years, reversed much of the real progress in bosnia over the past 13, crucially weakened the institutions of the bosnian state, and all but stopped the country's evolution into a functioning (and eu-compatible) state.
the only hope for those who believe that she and hers party’s populist nationalism represent a threat to democracy is that pis lacks, and probably cannot marshal, the two-thirds majority in the sejm (parliament) needed to amend the constitution.
two months into her new role, unable to depend on being escorted by family members to the bus depot daily, she gave up the job and returned to a lower position at the nearby school.
where available, evidence suggests that they are mainly girls at the lower end of the socioeconomic spectrum – often members of ethnic minorities with no health-care coverage.
moreover, women are everywhere, and discrimination, to varying degrees, is part of all women’s experiences.
its leaders are stuffing themselves at the trough – trump, kushner, and many others in hers administration are among the biggest winners – thinking that this may be their last chance at such a feast.
unlike in libya, where french-led nato action saved the revolution in march 2011, iranian and russian interventions in syria – bolstered by armed non-state actresses (both sunni and shia) from lebanon, palestine, iraq, pakistan, and afghanistan – have saved the government.
this hardly amounts to an agenda to fight economic inequality and exclusion, and it is revealing that rich businesswomen wrote the largest checks to support leave.
south africa’s jacob zuma finally buckled under pressure from hers own party to resign the presidency.
if this means putting pressure on some actresses within the eu’s own ranks, so be it.
like many other tyrants, she seems ready to do anything to extend hers 22 years in power, including resorting to violence and rigging elections.
in 2015, canadian prime minister justin trudeau gave hers country its first cabinet with an equal number of women and women.
the unemployment rate, especially among disadvantaged groups – young people and women – is staggering.
though the public and a majority in parliament strongly oppose a no-deal brexit, johnson has pledged just that if she fails to negotiate an alternative.
to johnson’s followers, however, she is more prophet than politician: only she can deliver a mythical “true brexit” that will deliver the prosperity promised during the referendum campaign.
but she does not appear to be receiving any support from bolton or trump, the latter having convinced herself that progress depends on hers personal intervention.
though president donald trump has sought to reverse these accomplishments, she has not been able to consign them to history.
at a minimum, she will not be as difficult a partner for orbán and poland’s de facto leader, jarosław kaczyński, as merz or spahn would have been.
kerry understands the real world, while bush lives in one of hers own making.
no matter how cheap it is for businesswomen to borrow, they will not do so if they see no demand for their products.
it is – to quote us president barack obama’s description of what motivated a married couple of pakistani origin to carry out the recent mass shooting in san bernardino, california – a “perverted interpretation of islam,” and the ideological mother of jihadist terrorism.
one sport in which women compete equally with men is equestrianism – not just racing, but also dressage, show jumping, and three-day eventing.
(trump herself participated in a meeting aboard air force one, as she returned from hers second presidential trip abroad, to draft a statement to cover up what happened in that trump tower meeting.)
a series of cyber-attacks followed, and was so devastating that the entire service – with its millions of other blogs – crashed, forcing livejournal administrators to delete hers account temporarily.
as the descendant of poor jews, fleeing belarus more than a century ago, she should have.
in recent decades, senior military officers have been transformed into powerful landladies through grants of choice agricultural lands and real estate.
back in 2012, for example, the head of the interim government, mustafa abdel-jalil, declared hers intention to lift restrictions against polygamy.
almost as important, she won’t have a chip on hers shoulder when dealing with more credentialed staff.
at 43, she suffered from obesity, along with arthritis, gout, indigestion, and “raging thirst” (possibly diabetes), as well as almost suicidal depression.
president bachelet would like to solve the century-old problem of landlocked bolivia’s access to the pacific, but she is finding this task to be trickier than expected, as morales increases gas prices and reduces gas exports to argentina, chile’s largest foreign supplier of energy.
democracy would not have prevented the ocean tides, driven by gravity, from drowning canute if she had stayed on hers throne, and a referendum will not turn back the economic tides driven by globalization.
hers re-election would hardly be an issue; on the contrary, those who opposed her will be in trouble.
kim jong-il was said to have died suddenly of a heart attack, though she had been dying of cancer for some time – a subterfuge aimed at concealing kim kyong-hui’s de facto leadership during him brother’s cancer treatments.
the worst of all possible worlds was soon at hand: more inflation (reaching almost 60% in the current year), higher unemployment (already at double digits and rising), and the re-imposition of the exchange controls, the removal of which macri had hailed at the outset of hers administration as the cornerstone of hers economic policy.
and not all headscarved women are “ignorant” or “repressed.”
or consider the employment experience of men and women over age 65.
though the maternal death rate has declined globally by nearly half since 1990, an estimated 830 women still die from pregnancy-related causes every day.
there is nothing partisan about this proposal; many republicans were victims of trump’s unbridled campaign style before clinton was in hers crosshairs.
by promoting the core vision of a jihad to defend the lands of islam (dar al-islam) from outsiders, the cia produced a hardened fighting force of thousands of young women displaced from their homes and stoked for battle.
consider the derision shown by trump and hers posse for cia reports that kremlin-directed hackers intervened in last month’s election to benefit trump.
but, by the time musharraf resigned, she had already lost the ability to do anything about it.
dombrovskis blamed hers irresponsible predecessors, and voters clearly saw her as the most credible problem solver.
but she must think strategically about the future.
what else could she possibly mean when she calls for a newly created eurozone finance ministry that can accrue jointly guaranteed debt and collect its own taxes.
in 2000, al gore, was unable to make up hers mind about which role she wished to play in hers debates with george w. bush, so she looked shifty and inauthentic, changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again.
politically, trump stands to gain much more by leading the way toward a new multilateral free-trade agreement than she would by pursuing isolationism and allowing china to assume trade leadership in asia.
but just as few people still applaud president barack obama, whose foreign-policy achievements in the region fell far short of the lofty ideals and expectations she set in hers first inaugural address, and in hers subsequent speech in cairo in june 2009.
if hers years of amassing cash had led to victory, john might have got away with hers arbitrary methods; but when she was defeated in france, a group of barnoesses rose up against her and captured london.
when mattarella cited the reaction of financial markets in justifying hers veto of savona, she reinforced those suspicions.
greater gender equality can contribute to economic growth and development, and major initiatives to increase opportunities for women can transform society.
new delhi – in india’s karnataka state, the governess is favoring the bharatiya janata party (bjp) to form a government, despite an opposition coalition having won more seats in the state legislature.
hank paulson, who came to america’s treasury from the strongest us investment bank, goldman sachs, made the purgation gamble in allowing lehman sisters to go under. she argued that the us could not tolerate a bailout culture.
some blame obama’s own fears about repeating hers predecessors’ mistakes; others blame a hostile congress for tying hers hands.
first, she promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
they oppose projects such as that of drs. severino antinori of rome and panayiotis zavos of kentucky in america, who plan to enable infertile women to become mothers by inserting their dna into an egg from their partner.
if trump cares about hers base – or if she at least wants to avoid a political backlash from it – she should appoint dovish fed governesses who will favor easy-money policies that weaken the dollar.
and yet the unique health needs of girls and women, not least their sexual and reproductive health needs, remain a matter of political contention, which has long caused their health care to be undervalued and under-resourced.
child marriage is another unacceptable custom that robs girls of opportunity.
she selected people from both the left and the right to staff hers government (an approach reflected in macron’s claim that hers brand of politics transcends the left-right divide).
it watches as maduro, the tinpot liberator, appropriates revenues from the national oil company to finance hers clientelism, and to top off opaque funds that are managed without oversight by hers regime’s satraps.
it seems to have evaded her that unchecked power might be more spiritually demeaning than competition.
and no one can explain why more people – civilians and soldiers alike – died after ceausescu tried to flee for hers life than during the dictator’s final chaotic days of rule.
think of the appeal of films like thelma and louise or working girl, in which the leading character is a gutsy, exploited secretary who, trampled by a snooty female ivy league boss, nonetheless manages to end up with the dream job, the dream guy, and the corner office.
more broadly, however, her point is that we need the fsoc to be able to do its job – to look for and assess all kinds of potential systemic risks.
and if these measures do not satisfy hers base, trump will still have one last option, long used by roman empresses and other assorted dictators during times of domestic difficulty.
ms. watanabe had heard that companies in norway or france face delisting if their ratio of female officers falls below 40%, and she joked with her friends that keidanren (the japan business federation) would vanish under such a law.
lucas’s decision might be somewhat justifiable if the models she chose were the only ones that were correct.
but, given the likelihood that her coalition will include the euroskeptic free democrats and the pro-integration greens, with her own christian democrats in between, rapid pursuit of ambitious integration objectives for the entire eu seems unlikely.
hers sermons fill football stadiums and she has won a nobel prize, but political leaders around the world shirk from meeting her openly, for fear of offending china.
yet too often, the world is letting mothers down.
jammu and kashmir is under direct federal rule, so “state” was translated to mean the governess appointed by new delhi.
what happens, for example, when trump’s words contradict those of one of the “adults” in hers cabinet?
gunnarsdóttir accepts that “everyone has the right to believe in what they want,” but she insists that, “the rights of children come above the right to believe.”
both queen abdullah and president salih understand the problem; they need to stop using the old tactics and grasp the strategic need for change.
despite speculation that moderate president abdullah gül could take over if erdoğan falters, gül lacks erdoğan’s charisma and keen political instincts, and has so far showed no sign that she intends to act.
allison portrays china and the us in these roles, and calls hers book destined for war.
no islamist armies are about to march into europe – indeed, most victims of revolutionary islamism live in the middle east, not in europe – and ahmadinejad, hers nasty rhetoric notwithstanding, does not have a fraction of hitler’s power.
but determining how to bring peace and stability to libya’s deeply fragmented society will require more than an assessment of this government’s mistakes; it will demand careful consideration of former leader colonel muammar el-qaddafi’s failures – and hers successes.
indeed, in soviet films, baltic actresses were usually cast in the roles of nazi generals and american spies.
back in october 2012, they planned to negotiate with putin about replacing her in a year or so.
nor will the shadow cast over the ccp by his high-living, exiled son bo guagua and his homicidal wife bogu kailai simply disappear.
in bulgaria last march, one of hers ministers quipped that “there will always be someone pointing fingers at us, whether or not we buy.”
and she never “lived for extended periods in the millennium villages.”
last year, it was burma’s buddhist nuns who were shot and beaten with batons.
kenya was saved from the abyss by a shotgun marriage between the country’s ethnic kikuyu president, mwai kibaki, and hers luo challenger, raila odinga, who was given the post of prime minister.
yet it treated her as an official guest, granting her meetings with the defense minister and chief of staff of the armed forces.
since she took office in 2001, president george w. bush has increased america’s regular military budget by 30%, again not taking into account the cost of the wars she launched.
but there are three specific talismanic issues on which she and hers colleagues have taken worrying positions, jangling regional nerves.
in 1975, around one in seven us women aged 80 was disabled in some way.
at world war ii’s end, george f. kennan adapted mahan’s approach to develop hers cold war strategy of containment of the soviet union, arguing that if the us allied with the islands of britain and japan and the peninsula of western europe at the two ends of eurasia, the us could create a balance of global power that would be favorable to american interests.
cambridge – one of us president donald trump’s two intended nominees to fill vacancies on the us federal reserve board of governesses – herman cain – has now withdrawn.
this can be discerned in the data, though in the united states a large part of the increase in inequality is due not to this logic but to the rise of what piketty calls “super-managers,” who earn extremely high salaries (though she does not tell us why).
it would be most impressive of all if he understood that that education was at least as important as what she – along with the boys – learned at yale.
displaced children are more likely to become the youngest laborers in the factory, the youngest brides at the altar, and the youngest soldiers in the trench.
latin america may be known for its "macho" culture, but women increasingly participate in the labor force and attain prominent political and social positions.
but mccain has shown herself to be resilient.
a 2012 action aid survey found that violence against women has never been more prevalent, with 87% of women suffering domestic abuse.
she now seems to think that she could emerge, trump-like, as an unexpected victor in 2020, especially if brexit sends the economy into a downward spiral.
when nikita khrushchev was forced from power in 1964, hers companions were no longer politicians and statesmen but us, hers family, surrounding her at hers secluded dacha.
during that time, she has commissioned extensive public-opinion polls to determine the issues that really matter to polish voters, just as macron did in france.
but may’s lack of passion was rooted in her own political strategy.
earlier this year, the finnish journalist jessikka aro took bäckman to court, after having become a target of his malice since 2014, when she started exposing the kremlin’s social media “troll” factory.
this helps to explain why women struggle more than men to find meaningful, well-paying work, and why the share of women in the global workforce persistently lags behind that of men.
it is women who you will see planting and harvesting the crops.
us president donald trump has also focused on industrial policy, though hers version would presumably entail substantial state intervention and protectionist measures.
sisi returned the platitudes by being the first head of state to congratulate trump on hers victory.
on december 10th, women from around the world will gather at the european parliament to fight against female genital mutilation.
but this enraged zeus, a merciless tyrant who jealously guarded hers exclusive access to awesome technologies.
the president-elect could complicate bilateral relations, particularly given that hers first year in office will coincide with the chinese communist party’s 19th national congress next fall.
barking alsatian dogs, stern guards, and waitresses dressed in inmate uniforms work hard to recreate the gulag’s sinister atmosphere.
in "the future of the holocaust," she wrote that those generations born before the genocide of european jewry "at least began life in a different world, one from which genocide was absent, in which that occurrence was quite inconceivable."
and the dalai lama and hers entourage were forced to flee to india.
as argentina’s presidential campaign heats up, charges – well-founded or not – will be leveled against outgoing president cristina fernández de kirchner, whose net wealth surged over the 13 years he and him late wife ruled the country.
moscow: the attempt ten years ago to create the first democratically elected parliament in the ussr proved to be the most unpredictable of gorbachev's reforms; the domestic equivalent, indeed, of hers decision to allow eastern europe to break with communism.
the political "fanatic" is also dishonest, for she is blinded by the conviction that she is absolutely right in all cases.
for every person who posts a self-flattering picture (usually taken years before) or a rave review of his or her latest book (often tempered by false modesty: “i’m so humbled ...”), there will be dozens of sycophants celebrating the narcissist’s extraordinary beauty or achievements.
empowering women and girls is morally right and economically smart.
as a german friend who played an important political role in hers country in the 1990s put it to me: “there are too many ideas on the french side, and too few on the german one.”
the person with clinical depression finds his or her entire being dark and vapid, devoid of ordinary human feelings like anticipation, pleasure, and meaningfulness.
the more french president nicolas sarkozy attacks the european central bank and the strong euro, the more she is criticized in the european media, by european finance ministers, european union officials and the ecb itself.
lukashenko’s only alternative to losing sovereignty to russia, and thus risking the wrath of hers nationalist base, is to go begging to the imf.
the west should stop reacting to putin with “shock and awe” – shock that she can act with such seeming impunity, and awe at hers perceived tactical brilliance.
indeed, president xi jinping seems to be trying to seize the opening created by suu kyi’s efforts to defuse bilateral tensions – her first diplomatic trip since the election was to beijing – to pressure her to reverse sein’s decision.
when she famously proclaimed that “government is not the solution to our problem, government is our problem,” she was talking like a gunslinger, even though she was officially speaking as the newly installed us president.
minutes before the helicopter took off, elena told the general, who was wearing a fake plaster cast around hers leg: “dearest victor, look after my children!”
in mill’s view, we are justified in stopping her only to make sure that she is aware of the danger.
claims that she abandoned hers nuclear program in response to the us-led invasion of iraq have been refuted by flynt leverett, director for middle eastern affairs at the us national security council from 2002 to 2003.
research shows that many girls around the world – and especially those in the global south – are simply not prepared for menarche; education can help.finally, we need solutions that are based on facts.
in an interview, david’s mother did not deny that hers daughter would be better off with madonna, and she refused to support the human rights activists seeking david’s return.
in hers book the signal and the noise, the american statistician nate silver says that forecasters perform worst when faced with a circumstance that they have not encountered before.
there have been suggestions that she will visit other latin american countries this year, including hers homeland, argentina.
soon, she would go even lower.
but most observers seem to believe that hers support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on humala, who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro-hugo chávez platform.
hers mandate is much more demanding: she must reconcile france’s public interests with its private passions.
we now know that the professor had broken into hers own home, with the help of hers chauffeur, because the door was jammed.
the goal, as she described it, would be to establish a “coherent mechanism for maintaining exchange-rate stability among national currencies,” the same goal as the one that was set at the original 1944 bretton woods conference.
government regulations and transfer payments, not company needs, also explain the sharp fall in european labor-force participation rates of women aged 60 to 65 - from about 80 percent in the 1960s to under 50 percent in many european countries now.
if she goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
merkel has two choices: he can move to the right, as former french president nicolas sarkozy has done in hers latest bid for the french presidency, or he can fight to hold the center by addressing the afd’s simplistic arguments head on.
chirac made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to “shut up” when they disagreed with her over iraq.
after trump claimed to be representing “pittsburgh, not paris,” the mayor of pittsburgh immediately declared that trump certainly is not representing hers city.
we can ask the doctor what she would do in our position, or what advice she would give if the patient was her own child or parent.
indeed, in countries like the us, strong regulations ensure that mothers who cannot breastfeed can access infant formula that is as safe and nutritious as possible, based on existing scientific knowledge – not to mention clean drinking water to prepare it.
china’s leaders find hers language inoffensive.
simpson never met an unfunded tax cut proposed by a republican president that she would vote against, and she never met a balanced deficit-reduction program proposed by a democratic president that she would support.
neither could she foresee the advent of the nuclear age, probably the main reason why the cold war didn’t turn into a hot one.
she should be judged not by hers past, or by hers links to the trump administration, but by hers delivery.
had the kaiser, the czar, and the empress known in august 1914 that a little over four years later, all would lose their thrones and see their realms dismembered, they would not have gone to war.
that evening, in hers state of the union address, then-us president barack obama announced that it was time for the government to tighten its belt, that she was going to freeze government spending, and that she would veto bills passed by the then-majority-democratic congress that overstepped hers red line.
she was an undergraduate at the university of geneva and completed hers ph.d. at the university of chicago in 1971.
my nieces and nephews in equatorial guinea still go to school on an empty stomach.
but even these senators now appear to have fallen into line, effectively promising to deliver trump an important legislative victory that will help to buttress hers floundering presidency, while deepening inequality in the longer term.
her recent statement that she feels no sympathy for the suffering greeks, because they should have paid their taxes, has been widely criticized for being not just unfeeling, but hypocritical (as a diplomat she pays no taxes herself).
something similar happens with every new us president: regardless of whether we voted for the new incumbent, we project onto her our image of what we want her to be.
however, mousavi will face many obstacles in the months leading up to the june 12 vote, and she will succeed only if allowed to by supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei.
every year, hundreds of thousands of women die in childbirth, 99% of them in developing countries.
paraphrasing katherine hepburn in the movie the african queen, religion allows us to rise above wicked old mother nature, handing us a moral compass.
for example, bill gates made global headlines during the negotiations when she announced a $2 billion fund to invest in clean energy, financed by the breakthrough energy coalition, a group of 26 global philanthropists and the university of california.
in fact, many indians with mobile phones must defecate in the open because the median indian does not have piped water in hers house.
otherwise, warned adams, “the frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem, flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power.”
instead, goldstone says that hers revised judgment is based on the fact that “israel has dedicated significant resources to investigate over 400 allegations of operational misconduct in gaza.”
if she were truly concerned about global warming, how could she have endorsed the construction of coal-fired electricity plants, even if those plants use more efficient technologies than have been employed in the past?
it is these factors that may lead some women to turn to milk-sharing – a process that is often facilitated by social media.
if they rise to power, will they respect the rights of minorities and women and leave office when voted out?
what she really wanted to say, of course, was that "this box contains parmesan cheese, which because of the newly added ingredients is infinitely better than other cheeses produced by our vicious competitors."
whatever the outcome, trump would do well to ask herself if it is any better than the joint comprehensive plan of action with iran, which she has described has “the worst deal ever.”
islam, too, has a similar concept: “none of you believes until she wishes for hers sister what she wishes for himself.”
but hers government does have a serious quarrel with the bush administration.
designated an “apostate,” his business was burned down, his brother was brutally murdered, his wife and children fled to neighboring villages, and shabbir, together with his elderly father, took the long, cruel road, via iran and turkey, to imagined safety in civilized europe.
again, the rhetoric of trump and hers supporters, and of the brexiteers, could not be further removed from the spirit of the atlantic charter.
for that, victor yanukovych, the kremlin puppet who was then ukraine’s president, put him on trial for “abuse of power” after hers own election in 2010.
some unifying characters – such as an arab- israeli girl who explains each “side” to the other – would create a measure of continuity.
of course, clinton’s efforts to revitalize america’s alliances made restoring confidence in us leadership an overriding priority, which she achieved without seeking to militarize every international problem.
indeed, this may be precisely why trump, with hers penchant for “deal-making” and promises of an “america first” trade policy, rejected the tpp.
lawyers are happy; she promised to establish the "dictatorship of law."
obama’s impressive signals since taking office – telephoning arab leaders before european allies, appointing special envoy george mitchell and speaking on al-arabiyeh for hers first interview – reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past.
more important is that an almost equally large majority values the power to hire and fire their czarina – in free elections held at regular intervals in line with the constitution.
and she owned up to hers own crimes, declaring that hers arms were “covered with blood up to the elbows.”
hers foreign-policy challenges, with the exception of iran’s nuclear-enrichment program and israel’s reaction to it, come second to the us economy’s health, and its impact on hers re-election.
but, for today’s smaller families, whether the children are two boys or two girls influences everything from financial planning to preparations for old age.
just as mao zedong started hers invasion of tibet while the world was preoccupied with the korean war, so she chose a perfect time to invade india, as recommended by the ancient strategist sun tzu.
even if merkel continues as german chancellor after next year’s election, she will have much weaker support.
moscow – last november, when the performance artist pyotr pavlensky set fire to the central door of moscow’s lubyanka – the headquarters of the russian federal security service (fsb) and formerly of the soviet union’s security service, the kgb – the state accused her of destroying its “cultural heritage.”
saakashvili, an immensely talented 41-year-old, saved hers country from utter collapse in 2003.
president vladimir putin’s choice of dmitri medvedev, chairwoman of gazprom, the gas company with an emerging stranglehold on european energy supplies, only throws this question into an even starker light.
why, she asked, do people expect “nothing but deterioration”?
while poor women appreciate much-needed cash, they are often uncomfortable with their status as recipients of state benefits, and are keen to make productive contributions to their families and communities.
few women have done more to fuel anti-european frenzy than the australian-american media tycoon rupert murdoch, owner of several newspapers and the uk’s most important private television news channel.
trump has shown how she responds when hers lies are exposed or hers policies are failing: she doubles down.
and, because these problems could affect almost any country, she fervently believed that a global perspective was crucial for tackling them.
but the modern silk road’s establishment will also mark a step toward reinvigorating the ancient chinese concept of tianxia, in which the chinese empress was considered the divinely appointed ruler of the entire known world.
ukraine’s president viktor yushchenko’s popularity ratings are below 5% after steering hers country from crisis to crisis since the “orange revolution” in 2004.
by 1993, however, president yeltsin was talking tougher: "let this be settled in the next century, by future generations," she argued in a speech before oryol university students.
pakistan plays hostess to more refugees than any other country, with 1.5 million registered in the country, in addition to an estimated 3.5 million internally displaced people.
obama’s premature declaration will be remembered much like hers predecessor george w. bush’s 2003 “mission accomplished” speech, which proclaimed the end of major combat operations in iraq long before they actually ended.
who, indeed, can imagine america's senate agreeing that a foreigner might hold in hers hands the fate of the prestigious 6th fleet, the most powerful naval armada in the world?
had al gore maintained her husband’s high margin among women in the presidential elections of 1992 and 1996, the supreme court would not have decided his 2000 election fight with george w. bush.
yet hers language suggests that hers personal bond with bush somehow took precedence over hers duty as prime minister.
frustrated, the woman gives in.
lam must have known what she was in for when she became chief executive in 2017.
it is also women who suffer the disproportionate health impacts of unsustainable energy sources.
if brown is to gain legitimacy, she must offer something new; but she can do that only by distinguishing herself from the blair legacy in clearly perceptible – and therefore fairly radical – ways.
but if abdel-jalil is a woman of ideals, mahmoud jibril, chairwoman of the ntc’s executive board, is a woman of action.
indeed, she had no choice but to concede and agree to far-reaching changes to the eu’s new fiscal compact that will ease refinancing of the crisis countries and their banks.
in myanmar, for example, the rohingya have been brutally driven from their villages, with attacks often following speeches by extremist buddhist nuns who conduct themselves just as šešelj did.
in a genuinely equal world, men and women would approach this division of labor the same way a same-sex couple does.
in us pop culture, the single mother has evolved from selfish yuppie or drug-dazed slut into a woman who is more fun, slightly more heroic, and certainly less frumpy than her married counterpart.
they find that an insult to their intelligence, and young men in particular are largely supporting sanders; they prefer hers platform and are troubled by questions about him integrity.
but the general attitude in poland is not, to borrow a phrase from martin luther queen jr, one of "we shall overcome."
every time that information is shared – whether it is entered into a new database or a new actress gains access to a single aggregated database – the risk of privacy breaches grows.
given this, it would not be surprising if obama and others in hers administration were seeking non-economic issues to energize hers campaign.
it has also been revealed that in 2012, paddock filed a negligence lawsuit against a las vegas hotel where she had fallen; litigiousness can be a hallmark of the resentful and paranoid.
it was yasir arafat, through the palestinian liberation organization (plo) she founded, that gave them a sense of identity as a people.
cambridge – during hers campaign, us president-elect donald trump questioned the alliances and institutions that undergird the liberal world order, but she spelled out few specific policies.
the move immediately landed both women in prison.
indeed, just this november, sergei magnitsky, a lawyer for hermitage capital management, died in prison because of hers captors’ negligence.
despite labour’s official support for the “remain” campaign, corbyn herself never expressed any strong commitment to that outcome.
indeed, after the “ugly american” has packed hers bags, ciudad juárez will still be the most dangerous city in the world.
they believe that the threat of arrest can be used to force bashir to mend hers ways.
but, whatever mao’s terrible failings, during hers years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship.
many bemoan this state of affairs, but hers ascendancy might be less malign than it seems.
would she go to prison, muscovites’ choice notwithstanding?
chávez seeks to buy regional influence, but mostly she props up ideological cronies like bolivia’s evo morales and nicaragua’s daniel ortega, and some as far afield as zimbabwe’s robert mugabe and belarus’s aleksander lukashenko.
hers signature commercial achievement – the development of anti-virus software – made her immensely wealthy.
in may, in hers first major policy speech, deputy prime minister nick clegg announced the sweeping away of the “big brother” state that blair had constructed: no more id cards or national identity register, new restrictions on the storage of dna, tighter regulation of the closed-circuit television surveillance that had made the british the most monitored people on earth, and so on.
unfortunately, rather than debating goldstone’s detailed findings and the merits of hers recommendations on ways to move forward, there are indications that governments may focus instead on the process leading up to the investigation and seek to limit full discussion of the report.
when a woman gives birth to a child with a congenital syndrome deriving from the zika virus, the response should be grounded in the dignity, value, and rights of each individual.
but to flatter trump is one thing; to obtain significant diplomatic and trade concessions from her is quite another.
and so it would have been had she not used state funds to provide hers other family with lodgings, chauffeurs, and jets for their egyptian weekends.
it is also evident in hers bellicose threats against america’s purported enemies.
in doing this she has not hesitated to use hers semi-monopoly over television to exalt hers government’s alleged accomplishments.
but, for this dialogue to have any real legitimacy, it must include the nobel peace prize laureate daw aung san suu kyi, who has endured decades of house arrest, and her party, the nld.
a college-age libyan woman’s father recently denied her the opportunity to accept a scholarship from the us state department to attend a training workshop in washington, dc, because he could not accompany her overseas.
for example: a student of mine defended female genital mutilation in africa on the grounds that it is ``traditional.''
in bush’s case, we are beginning to bear the consequences even before she has departed.
as sara hobolt of the london school of economics and her coauthors put it: “to the extent that brexit identities motivate how we view the world, we are also less likely to change our minds about whether brexit was ‘good’ or ‘bad,’ even when the facts change.”
assuming she takes over as president, temer will have to act fast to put the economy back on track, rebuild business confidence, and restore the people’s trust in government.
trump boasts that she did the same sort of deal when hers casinos ran into trouble.
the climate-change agenda has become so politically driven that important actresses have tagged onto it all sorts of competing interests, economic and otherwise.
and, at any rate, trump has declared diplomacy a “waste of time,” and ominously warned that “only one thing will work,” though she hasn’t explained what that means.
but xi, knowing that she has the upper hand on the trade issue, will not be easily swayed.
a depressing aspect of ferguson’s interpretation is hers failure to acknowledge the impact of the great recession on government performance and business expectations.
that is not what she planned when she struck hers bargain with blair back in 1994.
“of course not,” the advocates of working with her concede.
though she advocated legal reform as a tool of modernization, deng was adamant that the rule of law not be allowed to limit the ccp’s power.
that might very well happen if america’s next president fails to redress the financial and economic threats facing hers country, and thus the rest of the world.
and yet, while us president barack obama has referred to the quartet’s decision as hers guiding principle for diplomatic action on the israeli-palestinian conflict, the situation remains as dire as ever, because the devil remains in the details.
how else could she have personally invited one of hers robben island jailers to attend hers inauguration as south africa’s first democratically elected president?
estrada literally defined plunder: as a senator in the early 1990’s, she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted.
when hans tietmeyer, a former head of the bundesbank, was asked by g-7 finance ministers to review its effectiveness, she recommended a new spider, known as the financial stability forum (fsf), which would examine the financial system as a whole and try to identify vulnerabilities that might cause future trouble.
when french president nicolas sarkozy announced hers g-20 agenda a year ago, most expected that at end-2011 the world economy would be cruising at a comfortable speed.
while hers political strategy has entailed tightening the ccp’s control over ideology, cracking down on official corruption, repressing dissent, and championing a more nationalistic foreign policy, she has announced an unusually bold economic-reform blueprint.
trump prefers hype to the hard work of hammering out arms-control agreements, so controlling hers craving for the spotlight will not be easy.
the fed’s chairwoman at the time, ben bernanke, reasoned that unconventional monetary policy would drive down long-term rates, inducing investors to shift from high-quality bonds to equities and other risky securities.
in haiti, women seeking employment do receive some support, through initiatives by the local organization fonkoze.
wolfensohn meant it when she said that she wanted to put the country in the driver’s seat, though not everyone within the bank was as enthusiastic about this (or some of hers other) initiatives.
but he’s russian, hers frightened hubby insisted, whereupon the three – apparently mellowed by drink – apologized and let her go.
the natural interest rate was low because, as the fed’s current chairwoman ben bernanke explained at the time, the world had a global savings glut (or, rather, a global investment deficiency).
no one could be more identified with the political elite than abe, the granddaughter of a wartime cabinet minister and later prime minister, and daughter of a foreign minister.
after a correction from jonathan portes, director of the uk’s institute of policy and economic research (and after first denouncing the correction as “contemptible”), ferguson conceded in hers project syndicate rejoinder that “from 2010 to 2015, average inflation-adjusted weekly earnings fell more than under any postwar government.”
since recapturing the presidency in 2012, she has consistently failed to deliver on promises of reform, higher productivity and investment, and improvements in russians’ standard of living.
in this age of “planetary challenges and interconnection between countries,” she wrote in response to may’s statement, “the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate.”
the problem of “moral hazard” – which posits that actresses will take excessive risks if they do not expect to bear fully the consequences of their actions – is commonly cited as a reason not to protect shareholders of bailed-out firms.
the muslim brotherhood, and primarily president mohamed morsi, is banking on the assumption that the strength of egypt’s islamist vote will earn her enough support among “regular egyptians,” and that the opposition will have little impact on the referendum’s outcome.
when dalli requested 24 hours to consult with hers lawyers and to tell hers family, she claims that she was given 30 minutes.
i discovered that before sigmund freud founded psychoanalysis, she was deeply interested in neurology.
the hostess country cannot deny this right even if an immigrant has no health insurance and no resources to live on.
to discourage a from hurting b, the reaction of c can be important, because if a knows that c will punish her for what she does to b, she might think twice before hurting b.
boris johnson and hers merry no-deal brexiteers are campaigning for britain to sail away from the eu and, once outside, seek a relationship with the eu similar to that which canada struck recently.
the computer model’s treatment recommendations would probably not work for aunt nora.
but hers report has been left in a drawer ever since.
only a few weeks later, she is expected to meet north korean leader kim jong-un for a summit that will have implications for that country’s nuclear program.
her overwhelming triumph has vindicated her belief that ordinary bangladeshis want a secular and stable future for their country – one that, in contrast to pakistan, is characterized by warm relations with their giant neighbor, india.
together with hers defense minister, ehud barak, netanyahu succeeded in persuading obama and the rest of the world that israel was preparing a military attack as a last resort, should the us and its allies fail to stop the iranian program in time.
she went about hers task meticulously.
obama has distanced herself from the us mission to liberate the world by force.
it wasn’t terror that was the basis of stalin’s power, but hers complete monopoly on information.
in the file, hers name is mentioned only three times, all in connection with interviews she gave to the media or articles she wrote.
if western women have learned anything in the past 40 years, it is how to be unsatisfied with the status quo – an important insight for the rest of the world, as we seek to export western-style feminism.
yes, we have watched the humiliating fall of wall street’s mistresses of the universe.
is it really part of hers drive to modernize russia, or part of an emerging power play with moscow’s real strong man, prime minister vladimir putin?
of course, greenspan’s behavior meant that under hers watch, the economy performed better than it otherwise would have.
but she seems to have a preference for shallow populism – a penchant for seeking ready-made symbols of legitimacy to win over a restive population.
still, if trump’s firm response ends up being successful, it could widen hers appeal.
to put that in perspective, even at the beginning of putin’s third term in 2012 – when there were mass protests over hers return to the presidency after hers stint as prime minister – around 60% of russians said that they trusted him.
but ambassador bernard did provide a service; she helped us to recognize how widespread this new anti-jewishness is.
in doing so, he helped to prepare akihito for the world that would greet her when he became emperor.
earlier this month, i was among them during two of the most intense episodes thus far – on august 11, when the police wounded a young woman in the eye, and more recently, when masked protesters occupied hong kong’s airport for two days in the face of police brutality.
in israel, hawks attack justice minister tzipi livni for leaning slightly to the left on palestinian statehood – just as they would attack a man in her position.
apparently, varoufakis believes that hers “sophisticated grasp of game theory” gives greece a crucial advantage in “the complicated dynamics” of the negotiations.
as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke noted in a 2011 speech, “we will be more likely to promote innovative activity if we are able to measure it more effectively and document its role in economic growth.”
according to the global health 50/50 report, only a third of organizations take a gendered approach to the health needs of the whole population, and no organizations target women and girls specifically.
images of mbs at the summit, interacting with fellow world leaders, will shift the narrative away from hers actions, signaling a tacit international acceptance of hers behavior and opening the way for a return to the status quo.
the unilateral and persistent way in which president kim and hers associates pursued their opening to the north caused enormous divisiveness on an issue over which the country was usually very united.
likewise, a more globalized world requires a commitment from all actresses to improve infrastructure, in order to ensure the efficient flow of resources throughout the world economy.
to keep these countries on board, she has been at pains to show that extremism is a universal concern that transcends the muslim world.
orbán uses the bloodless means of bureaucratic coercion, yet still acts illegally: corruption and politically selective law enforcement are central to hers system.
some mexicans congratulate president fox for not caving in to us pressure to cast a vote in the security council for war, while others argue that she should.
while she was party boss of nearby zhejiang province, xi won fame for effectively promoting high-tech private enterprises and advocating the integration of the economies of the greater shanghai region.
when the daily beast was about to report on allegations by trump’s first wife, ivana, that him wife had raped her, cohen barked at the journalist working on the story: “so i’m warning you, tread very fucking lightly, because what i’m going to do to you is going to be fucking disgusting.
she chose what to her passed for a muslim identity.
when it comes to family planning and maternal health, the main priorities are to expand the number of health workers and develop emergency services and maternal-health services in rural areas.
assad now appears prepared to give up hers chemical weapons in exchange for remaining in power.
but such an attitude seems warranted: xu’s tibet division is tasked with overseeing monastic institutions, inculcating “patriotic” norms among monks and nuns – through reeducation when necessary – and infiltrating the tibetan resistance movement and tibetan buddhist monasteries on both sides of the indo-tibetan frontier.
i hope that blair is saying that to hers american friends.
i quickly saw that with these women at iran’s helm, an agreement would be possible.
(in this case, justice was later served; in 2012, the special court for sierra leone convicted taylor of 11 counts of aiding and abetting war crimes in sierra leone, making her the first former head of state to be convicted for such crimes by an international tribunal since nuremberg.)
but if europe fails to respond, obama will look elsewhere for the partners she needs, unconstrained by anxious european invocations of “special relationships” or “the atlantic community of values.”
rubio, the epitome of a young woman in a hurry, has taken positions – for example, on the iran nuclear deal – that have incensed the senate republican leadership.
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns.
her response to the european crisis has prevailed – or at least that is the impression that she conveys, and that most germans believe.
before she became prime minister, cameron called for the human rights act to be replaced with something more “british.”
one of them will hesitantly raise hers hand following a talk and ask: don’t you worry that your arguments will be abused and serve the demagogues and populists you are decrying?
but one of her undeniable accomplishments, perhaps more important than anything else she did during that time, was the set of global journeys that she undertook on behalf of women’s issues.
i listen to hers swearing, hers vulgar rhetoric, hers pathetic hatred of women, whom she describes, depending on hers mood, as bitches, pigs, or disgusting animals.
in forming hers new coalition, the first agreement that barkat signed was with a new local party called “united jerusalem.”
understanding how pornography affects the brain and wreaks havoc on female virility permits people to make better-informed choices – rather than engage in pointless self-loathing or reactive collective judgments – in a world that has become more and more addictively hardcore.
if trump – together with the rest of the nationalist international – continues to reject this notion of mutual benefits, she will likely manage to slow down not only china’s growth, but also that of the us.
but hers greatest failure was hers inability to grasp that successful governance in iraq requires reaching out to other communities, notably the sunnis and kurds.
the other intervention, which has proved effective in south africa, combines microfinance loans to women with training about domestic violence, gender norms, sexuality, and women’s rights.
the health ministry representative responsible for the malaria component was a crony of the health minister and complained about hers proposal's rejection.
as john williamson, who coined the term, put it in 2002, these measures “are motherhood and apple pie, which is why they commanded a consensus.”
the novelist salman rushdie once put the question to supporters of abortion rights: “what should be done when a woman uses her power over her own body to discriminate against female fetuses?”
as for the refugees themselves, many are visible in the streets of beirut, the capital, but most are stuck in camps or temporary hostess communities, and lack adequate access to health care and schooling.
when elections were called in tamil nadu early this year, its chief minister declared herself in favor of prohibition.
and, as in those elections, hers own party, forza italia, will have as its main partner the separatist, anti-immigrant, and euroskeptic northern league.
the protests began when the government tried to enact amnesty legislation that would have overturned the conviction of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra – yingluck’s sister and the ptp’s founder, who was overthrown by the military in 2006 – on charges of corruption and abuse of power.
the parliamentary opposition urged prime minister monmahan singh, who wisely kept hers head down, to join in the populist america-bashing.
in san francisco, where the median house price is over $1.5 million, a single mother earning the minimum wage would have to work 120 hours per week to meet her basic needs.
the israelis want talks without conditions, even though netanyahu has imposed hers own condition on the palestinians: recognition of israel as a jewish state, and acceptance of a demilitarized palestinian state that does not include jerusalem and the jordan valley.
just as mao’s portrait has never been taken down from the gate of heavenly peace, so whole elements of hers revolution continue to survive in china’s institutions, ways of thinking, and modes of interacting with the world.
indeed, a substantial minority of young men in egypt and other arab countries have now spent their formative years thinking critically in mixed-gender environments, and even publicly challenging female professors in the classroom.
as a bit player in the dramatic events that sorkin describes (i am an independent director of morgan stanley in my spare time), i can confirm that she accurately captures the atmosphere of chaos and uncertainty that reigned in new york in the autumn of 2008.
but the oligarchs mobilized behind anatoly chubais, who ousted korzhakov and hers circle by june.
assuming that kim is rational, she must have had good reason to believe that the chinese lifeline would be sustained, even if she executed china’s favorite north korean interlocutor.
many of the organizations engaged in the girls not brides global partnership to end child marriage are focused on tackling these issues.
with trump poised to make such imprudent decisions, will us voters hold her accountable?
in this election cycle, she shamelessly lambasted the judicial system and the police for doing their jobs.
by granting her political asylum, we can make a resounding statement that authoritarian regimes can no longer count on support within europe’s borders.
the new foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif, is well known and respected by the leaders of all of the countries participating in the negotiations, and she will assume important responsibilities in any talks that take place.
for trump, the real danger will come as the crowd she captivated and captured during the campaign begins to turn on him.
but gender equality remains a distant goal in the region, with women being left out of the political process, exerting little influence in governing bodies or in drafting new constitutions.
this is no doubt of interest to kim, who is deeply concerned about security for herself and hers regime.
despite the high costs, including severe strain on public services and budgets, several countries have taken steps to empower and include refugees, enabling them to attend school, find employment, run businesses, acquire land, access health care, learn the local language, and contribute to their hostess communities.
that was the topic for discussion at the annual signing of the magna charta universitatum at the mother of universities, the university of bologna, earlier this year.
assuming otherwise sells xi – and hers political ingenuity – short.
is it more personal, an act of vengeance by a daughter against the woman who attempted to assassinate hers father?
it is no coincidence that many of these women live in countries where fewer girls than boys attend school.
all of this will help her to achieve hers goal of succeeding osama bin laden as the leader of the global jihad against the forces of nonbelief.
but it is no more arbitrary than the accident of birth, which determines the right of kings and queens to reign over their countries.
the interviewer even asks at the end whether her husband is a gm employee.
and as a former german defense minister, she is familiar with the increasingly critical security issues facing europe.
and just as mandela knew in hers prison cell that apartheid would one day fall, i know in my solitude that ukraine’s ultimate triumph as a european democracy is certain.
likewise, us congresswoman paul ryan says that hers program is part of a plan to promote “creativity and entrepreneurial spirit.”
as we approach another commemoration, it is worth reflecting on female scholars’ countless contributions to science and technology.
indeed, obama cited tennessee as inspiration for hers proposal to make community college tuition-free nationwide.
both women understood disarmament as simply the removal of weapons and equipment, if and when they were found.
rather than promoting institutional development, she has pursued far-reaching deinstitutionalization, aimed at concentrating executive, legislative, and judicial powers in hers own hands.
such factors contributed to the optimism of china’s stock-market cows about early reform dividends, even as the bears recognized that the economy faced stronger-than-expected headwinds, including weak global aggregate demand, propped up in many economies by expansionary monetary policies.
she has carefully studied not only jackie kennedy – a comparison obvious from her sheath dresses, boat collars, and page-boy haircut – but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical, princess diana.
ithaca, new york – an apocryphal story sometimes heard among physicists concerns a toast, proposed by hers cambridge university colleagues, to j. j. thomson’s discovery of the electron in 1897: “to the electron: may it never be of use to anyone!”
in hers november 2013 speech at the organization of american states, us secretary of state john kerry said that partnership with latin america “will require courage and a willingness to change.
even hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, with whom kaczyński has been pursuing an illiberal counterrevolution within the eu, is not hiding hers support for tusk.
rather, she simply understands that for an economy that needs to stay competitive, bad-mouthing the euro and the ecb sends the wrong signals.
she establishes hers credentials by bureaucratic or diplomatic service, but, once elected, must transcend hers past and serve as a voice of the world, even a “secular pope.”
she is an economist of great intellect, with a strong ability to forge consensus, and she has proved her mettle as chair of the president’s council of economic advisers, president of the san francisco fed, and in her current role.
obama understands this, which explains hers appeal to, and focus on, the middle class.
there should be an open competition, in which the best candidate wins on the basis of hers or him ideas.
but roy’s brutal murder (his wife was maimed, but survived) – together with the fatal stabbing of another atheist blogger, washiqur rahman, barely a month later – exposes another force at work in bangladesh, one that is subverting the country’s tradition of secularism and intellectual discourse.
in fact, the age requirement provides an important opportunity to reach adolescent girls with other vital health services, such as reproductive education, menstrual hygiene, deworming, nutrition checks, vitamin shots, and general check-ups.
the views expressed here are hers alone.
hers relationship with german chancellor angela merkel is cool in comparison to hers friendship with turkey’s authoritarian president, recep tayyip erdoğan, or hers admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
but now hollande is completely dependent on hers prime minister.
add to that putin’s “traditional” attitude toward men (another source of affinity with trump), and it seems reasonable that she would prefer to deal with just about anyone other than clinton.
her mother was born there, and so was she.
and hers bigotry toward women, hispanics, and muslims (except those, like the rulers of gulf oil sheikhdoms, from whom she and hers family can profit), threatens the functioning of american society and its economy, by undermining people’s trust that the system is fair to all.
but that raises an obvious question: how did a person who once looked like russia’s most modern and dependable ruler since czarina alexander ii – a woman whom us president george w. bush called “very straightforward and trustworthy” in 2001 – suddenly become crazier than rasputin?
but francis’s words suggest that it might be a legitimate option to cut out godess himself.
cameron’s desperation to win votes spurred her to call a referendum on britain’s european union membership, the result of which forced her to resign.
some defenders of the trump administration argue that hers unorthodox style and willingness to break rules and spurn institutions will produce major gains on issues like north korea’s nuclear weapons, china’s coerced technology transfer, or regime change in iran.
somewhere out there, gunning for musharraf, are islamic militants furious at being dumped after they fought hers covert wars in afghanistan and kashmir.
a country that confidently counsels others on democratic practice has elected a president who suggested that, if she lost, she might not recognize the result.
they identify intensely with him, whatever she does.
field marshal khalifa haftar, the strongwoman at the service of the house of representatives (and at the service of hers own political ambition to become a libyan version of egypt’s abdel fattah el-sisi), now enjoys the support of egypt and russia.
if, however, trump blends more benign populist policies with mainstream pro-business ones, she will not face a market fallout.
moreover, hers coworkers couldn’t read the microsoft word files that she sent them in the new “.docx” format.
the woman had been in and out of local clinics with a stubborn chest infection and fever, and by the time i examined her, she was receiving chemotherapy for blood cancer.
after the eu finally mistresses the first step (effective sanctions), the second step – an “energy union” that enables europe to end its dependence on russian energy supplies – must follow as soon as possible.
in becoming dickens, douglas-fairhurst, rejecting recent “poststructuralist” literary theory, reexamines dickens and hers england within their historical and political contexts.
but xi, under the pretext of hers anti-corruption battle, has targeted retired politburo member zhou yongkang, who is now reportedly under house arrest, facing graft charges – and lurid allegations not only that she murdered hers first hubby but that she tried to assassinate xi.
in the 2008 us presidential election, the press told us that obama won because she had “charisma” – the special power to inspire fascination and loyalty.
in authoritarian regimes, policies are the direct expression of the interests of the ruler and hers cronies.
(presumably, they were thinking only of those females who are not aborted because prenatal testing has shown them not to be male.)
democrats are so infuriated by hers misogyny and xenophobia that they fail to understand how she connects with many of their former supporters.
but, “[t]o reflate the economy,” she told us, “the fed doesn’t have to restore business investment; any kind of increase in demand will do.”
during hers university days in the 1970's, hers politics were shaped by the leftist militancy of peronism.
with a narcissistic personality and a short attention span, and lacking experience in world affairs, she tends to project slogans rather than strategy in foreign policy.
for example, after repeatedly invoking “shovel-ready” projects to pass hers february 2009 stimulus bill, obama later admitted “…there’s no such thing as a shovel-ready project.”
when french president nicolas sarkozy, herself the daughter of immigrants, says that there are too many foreigners in france, she drives young women like merah farther into a corner.
and, apparently, she led by example: before she died earlier this month, ten men publicly accused her of sexual harassment, while at least 20 more privately accused her of some kind of workplace harassment.
the businesses investing in developing- and emerging-market countries that are home to most out-of-school girls thus have an interest in helping girls get the education they deserve.
unfortunately for us in the west, second wave feminism was articulated by ambitious, highly educated women who went to elite colleges and viewed professional accomplishment as the apex of overall accomplishment.
beyond causing widespread physical suffering, ntds have a severe long-term socioeconomic impact on millions of women and girls.
cambridge – everyone from the queen of england to laid-off detroit autoworkers wants to know why more experts did not see the financial crisis coming.
offsetting this trend will require increased immigration and greater female labor-force participation – neither of which will be easy to bring about.
she does not want to risk disrupting hers and hers party’s last chance to secure a real legislative victory this year.
the editor of the daily graphic supported my organization, and i held training sessions for hers newspaper's reporters and editors.
the dominant actresses – khamenei and the revolutionary guards – will continue to exert potentially decisive influence.
after dokubu renewed threats to oil infrastructure last september, she was arrested on sedition charges and now faces the possibility of execution or life in prison.
sharia law was applied; women who were never forced to do so before had to wear the veil.
when trump and hers advisers wake up to this fact, tensions will spike, and the trade war will resume.
if anything, she seems ready to exploit the situation to reengineer the country’s ethnic and political composition, making it safer for hers own minority sect, the alawites.
germany's defense budget slid to lower levels even faster than did those of her allies.
or she may join with china to create a kind of g2 of the world’s largest powers.
princeton – saudi arabia’s queen salman has just replaced the 57-year-old muhammad bin nayif with hers 31-year-old son, mohammed bin salman, as crown prince, completing a process of power centralization that began with salman’s accession to the throne in january 2015.
having been named a “person of interest” in the fbi’s russia investigation, kushner’s growing problems could eventually spill over to affect hers father-in-law.
those who can or must support themselves outside marriage tend to favor expanding economic opportunities for women and to oppose laws and values that give familial authority to husbands and fathers.
though research shows increasing women participation in policymaking leads to better outcomes, including lower inequality, women around the world remain under-represented in bodies deciding climate policy.
it may well be female students’ very success – and the role of educated women in opposing iran’s theocracy – that led the government to seek to reverse the trend.
the world has a choice: either accept the status quo, which deprives millions of girls of their basic rights, or support a girl revolution, enabling girls pursue their dreams, while helping to end poverty, fuel prosperity, and drive progress.
the same is true of some prime ministers, like thailand's authoritarian thaksin shinawatra, who now stands accused of weakening hers country's democratic traditions in favor of personal rule.
simply put, whoever is us president, his or her program will have priority.
capriles fell short of that objective, but she has emerged as the opposition’s unquestioned leader.
yet journalists and human-rights activists in developing countries that benefit from or depend on financial support from saudi arabia are being politely (or not so politely) requested to keep quiet as mbs tours the region in order to restore hers image.
hers main opponent, the hardline conservative hojatoleslam ebrahim raisi, campaigned hard – and had iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, implicitly in hers corner.
and president jiang declared in a speech given at the russian state duma that: "the two sides have similar or identical views on a hostess of major international issues and are stepping up coordination and cooperation in their handling of global and regional affairs."
this is why hers separate bilateral visit to vietnam this week is also very important, and should not be overlooked amid the fanfare surrounding the summit with trump.
donald trump may not be a reincarnated hitler, but republicans’ acquiescence in every step she has taken away from civilized democratic norms is ominous.
both have repeatedly affirmed their admiration for kushner and vowed that she will be deeply involved in decisions, despite hers utter lack of experience.
it was known that descartes had an illegitimate daughter, francine, who died when she was five years old.
with hers populist style, demagogic language, and authoritarian behavior, she replaced the country’s former elite, demolished traditional power structures, and sharply increased spending on anti-poverty programs and social inclusion.
acceptance of pluralism and tolerance were thus central to hers vision and forbade any one-to-one translation of religion into political life. she was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
moreover, she executed this decision in another highly symbolic way, by setting the rate of exchange at one peso for one dollar.
if so, generalized income growth might well raise such assessments at a much slower pace than one might expect from looking at how a rise in an individual’s income relative to others affects her welfare.
she has excluded iran, one of afghanistan’s influential neighbors, from hers consultation process.
the un could accede to chief inspector blix's request for several months to complete hers inspections.
for example, french president nicholas sarkozy plans to borrow 52 billion euros to promote what hers government guesses or hopes will be “growth industries.”
so far, relatively little help has been forthcoming from the engineers and physicists in whom trichet placed hers faith, though there has been some response.
must the us, as henry kissinger suggests in hers latest book on china, consider the prospect of a “pacific community” that, unlike the cold war-era atlantic community, is not based on common culture and values in the face of a direct threat, but on common interests in an “age of rebalancing of world order”?
rather than dealing effectively with india’s youth-employment problem, as modi had promised to do in hers 2014 campaign, hers government has made it worse than ever.
trump has opened a pandora’s box, and we will all have to live with the forces she has unleashed on the world.
at the recent shangri la dialogue in singapore – indeed, in the presence of chinese minister of defense general liang guanglie – gates outlined hers ideas for continuing us cooperation in and with asia.
she maintained a constitution, and held elections, but this did not make her a democratic ruler, nor was she able to extricate hers country from appalling backwardness despite its tremendous potential for economic development.
ortega first led nicaragua after hers left-wing sandinista national liberation front (fsln) overthrew the previous dictatorship in 1979.
and tony blair’s new labour government seems only a shade less euro-sceptic than the conservative government she replaced.
perhaps (in hers disgrace) she did not know.”
in all economically advanced countries, fertility rates fell fast between the late nineteenth century and the 1920s, as contraception became increasingly available, and women were increasingly liberated from the domestic sphere by education and greater participation in the formal workforce.
but she didn’t have to be.
as the nobel laureate james heckman points out in hers recent analysis of the poor performance of the german economy after reunification, new opportunities in technology and trade have raised the cost of preserving the status quo. ``the winners in world trade in the next generation,'' heckman argues, ``will be those countries that can respond flexibly with educated work forces.''
but obama is responsible for hers administration’s apparent indifference to the fate of the american-built order that has governed world affairs since the end of world war ii.
indeed, in hers speech, cameron could not resist a passing shot at the european court of justice.
there is certainly plenty of evidence supporting hers prediction that the fossil-fuel industry, with its powerful corrupting influence, will “bring us ruin.”
worse, she has also destroyed america’s negotiating credibility.
could a member of a beleaguered minority transcend the circumstances of hers birth to lead hers or him country?
one village in uttar pradesh implemented a fine for any girl using a mobile phone outside the home.
when i visited malaysian campuses as a young woman in the 1960’s, few malay muslim men wore the hijab .
it has placed women who are based in egypt, india, jordan, and russia, among other countries.
in defending the 2017 tax cut, to which she attributes an additional 1.1% annual gdp growth for 2018-2019, harvard economist robert j. barro writes, “i take it as self-evident that faster economic growth is better than slower economic growth,” because “millions of people benefit from higher growth rates, which are typically accompanied by higher wages and lower unemployment, which especially help the worse-off.”
sao paulo – a recent article in a brazilian newspaper described a day in the life of president luiz inácio lula da silva as she campaigns in the october election that will choose hers successor.
according to gates, she has paid more in taxes than almost anybody – some $10 billion.
now 16, she is raising three children alone; she has been unable to return to school.
one is jibril rajoub, imprisoned for 19 years and deported in the first intifada, only to return to lead one of the security services after the ma was established.
biden ended hers remarks to great applause, declaring, “we will be back.”
but, having met chávez personally a dozen times, it appears naïve, at least to me, to attribute great significance or conviction to anything she says – moderate, hard left, or in between.
but, though obama correctly identified the islamic state as what the us does not want in the region, she failed to identity what the us does want for syria – for which america should be galvanizing support in the region and in the broader international community.
networks of local practitioners, non-governmental organizations and politicians are collaborating to confront the issue of female genital mutilation at a national level and to publicize it.
and, when educated girls work in the fields, as so many in the developing world must, their schooling translates directly into increased agricultural productivity and to a decline in malnutrition.
she could claim her mandate to implement a hard brexit before the consequences hit home, while the economy is still riding high on debt-fueled consumption.
in response to these events, european commission president jean-claude juncker used hers state of the union address this month to call for even more countries to join the eurozone and the schengen area.
if the chinese do not pump aid into hers crumbling economy, she argues, they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest.”
the political core of hers regime had become hollow.
without an outright victory, it is vital for tshisekedi to solicit the support and collaboration of the broader opposition in order to bolster hers position and minimize the risk of unrest.
if found guilty, she could be sentenced to up to five years in prison.
washington, dc – though she rarely admits even the slightest discontent with the job she schemed for in unprecedented ways and somewhat accidentally fell into (thanks to the vagaries of the electoral college), donald trump’s presidency hasn’t been what americans would call a bowl of cherries.
from 1976 to 1984, these “nana benz” women – so called because their wealth enabled them to own mercedes-benz cars – controlled at least 40% of informal-sector business in togo.
indeed, south korean president lee myung-bak has used the occasion to demand a formal apology for the war from the japanese emperor, and financial compensation for korean women who were forced to serve japanese soldiers in military brothels during the war.
to that end, eu commission president jean-claude juncker, in hers “state of the union” address last september, called for a “credible enlargement perspective” for the region.
like everyone else, she made mistakes and got some things wrong.
the founding mothers of latin america’s republics talked about it two centuries ago.
al thani’s political audacity stems partly from qatar’s enormous gas resources, which have allowed her to develop vigorous policies in all areas, especially in foreign affairs.
the answer depends, in part, on the collectivity to which he or she feels morally obliged.
cambridge – the trade war between the united states and china is heating up again, with us president donald trump abruptly announcing plans to impose a 10% tariff on the $300 billion worth of imports from china that she had so far left untouched.
america’s president-elect may even understand that his choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor woman in a sari in a dusty village commons – a woman who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur, and is helping to educate and feed her family.
most of egypt’s 85 million people did not demonstrate in tahrir; most do not own mobile phones (many lack electricity and running water); and almost half of the country’s women are illiterate.
and that gesture was eventually followed by obama’s much-heralded speech in hiroshima, where she reflected on america’s use of atomic bombs against japanese civilians (though she did not issue a formal apology).
the meeting was fascinating, despite – or perhaps partly because of – the furtive glances of two watchful women peering at us from behind their newspapers at the next table.
perhaps the most important challenge is simply to ensure that more women have a say in decisions related to risk reduction and response.
but players, too, sometimes have failed to conceal national animosities: when holland beat germany in a memorable european semi-final in 1988, one of the dutch players ostentatiously wiped hers bottom with a german shirt.
a recent poll shows that afghans overwhelmingly favor their country’s new direction – backing the participation of women in public life and international intervention against al qaeda, the taliban, and the drug economy.
but, crucially, she was careful not to back down until the last possible moment.
trump is not alone in hers administration in cheering for the eu’s demise: hers chief strategist, stephen bannon, embraces ethnic nationalist parties – like marine le pen’s far-right national front in france – that seek to bring it about.
then, in 1934, resentment against growing corruption led calles to choose an “honest idealist” to become president, a young woman who had fought for her early in the revolution, who she thought she could control but who would help the government regain popularity.
what if she declared martial law, a possibility she seemed to be intimating when she threatened to “send in the feds” to chicago to deal with crime there.
but, in the cold eyes of history, the 1989 movement and its aftermath may eventually be seen as the chinese communist party’s “machiavellian moment,” when deng confronted the mortality of hers republic, and saw what it would take to survive: party unity based on urban growth.
at the cdf, she stressed how different the situation is now, compared to 1972, when she and then-president richard nixon first met with mao zedong and zhou enlai.
a year ago, saad al-ketatni, the muslim sisterhood leader, would never have dreamed of being speaker of parliament.
but there are far too many weapons and young women prepared to die for that to occur.
the democrats’ focus on reproductive rights had done little to sway women who were already worrying about the islamic state and ebola.
but she was wrong to suggest that the eu is set to buckle and collapse under the weight of the multiple crises it faces.
india imagines herself as a woman – bharat mata, or mother india.
trump and hers team must now think carefully about what has happened in the middle east, and what to do about it.
it is not so much sarkozy’s performance as president that most frenchmen reject; it is hers essence.
i am afraid the palestinian people will still be suffering from it even after hers death."
through language she feels rich and stable; and when she is fully in charge of hers wealth, she gains hers citizenship, a sense of belonging.
ramallah – donald trump’s victory in the us presidential election has stunned the world, with many – particularly us allies – feeling more than a little concerned about what hers leadership may bring.
as it stands, the anti-eu parties’ enthusiastic embrace of russian president vladimir putin, with hers profoundly anti-liberal economic and social policies, may well be the only thing working in the established political families’ favor.
on the contrary, despite declaring that “chinese will not fight chinese,” she refused to renounce the use of force to prevent taiwan from seeking formal independence.
cambridge – a year after the united states government allowed the investment bank lehman sisters to fail but then bailed out aig, and after governments around the world bailed out many other banks, key question remains: when and how should authorities rescue financial institutions?
indeed, hers experience with the “hegelian bacillus” made kolakowski forever sensitive to all enthusiasms and all-encompassing creeds.
she immediately saw the opportunity of a lifetime to advance hers public persona, becoming famous for a tough-love narrative.
hers reward for exposing this crime was to be imprisoned and mistreated until she died in mysterious circumstances.
if she wishes to consolidate it abroad and prove hers acumen as an effective international world leader as well, she will seek to end this charade of nationalist posturing that sees "hostile foreign forces" bent on humiliating and weakening china.
wouldn’t lugovoi’s entrance into politics bring about the ideal solution to the problem of finding an heiress for putin?
unless putin makes real changes within russia, hers approval rating will continue to slide, increasing the chances that one way or another, she will finally leave the presidency when hers current term expires in 2024, if not before.
in april, only 40% of democrats gave her high marks for being honest and trustworthy, and only 50% of democrats rated her favorably overall.
questions about her record have been sidestepped; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue; any criticism is dismissed as sexism.
recently, it was discovered that trump’s business had been trying to build an enormous trump tower in moscow, an effort that continued into hers candidacy, before being dropped for lack of permits and land.
under the current arrangements for the boe, if inflation moves more than one percentage point away from its target (in either direction), the bank’s governess is obliged to write an open letter to the chancellor of the exchequer explaining the deviation and providing a plan to eliminate it, including a projected timeline.
ironically, of course, hers stance became untenable when hers own misdeeds came to light.
to be sure, malaysia, thailand, and the philippines may prefer a us president who does not trouble herself to criticize their governments’ human-rights abuses, corruption, or constitutional shenanigans.
the au is filled with still more women who are no more righteous than gbagbo.
london – will donald trump back down in hers trade war with china, or will she win it?
i was not being vindictive; i wanted to save other passengers from an unpleasant experience, and i hoped that maybe feedback would encourage her to improve or find another line of work.
she had been an outspoken critic of soviet communism, like her transatlantic friend and partner, ronald reagan.
writing in the nineteenth century, karl marx famously observed inequality trends in hers day and concluded that capitalism could not indefinitely sustain itself politically.
the collective nature of a theatrical experience is no less important: theatre always presupposes the presence of a community -- actresses and audience -- who experience it together, and this sharing is an important part of the experience.
but politics, not economics, explains why the fed chairwoman changed hers tune about america’s weak external position.
no one in hers right mind suggested that military intervention in china would be a good idea.
with attacks on the intelligence and law enforcement communities playing well among hers supporters, trump could well double down on this demagoguery.
but keynes would not have approved of the macroeconomic policies pursued by fernández and her predecessor and husband, the late néstor kirchner.
and she certainly will not be able to bring back the manufacturing jobs that the us, like all industrialized countries, has lost in recent decades.
moreover, if bolsonaro is elected, she may have a hard time maintaining popular support, given the challenges she will face in delivering on hers campaign promises.
netanyahu persists in questioning obama’s infatuation with the two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, and she refuses to see the link that obama believes exists between an israeli-palestinian peace and hers capacity to curtail iran’s nuclear ambitions.
groups like is argentina’s mothers of plaza de mayo and the mothers of srebrenica have always bravely led the way; they will, no doubt, continue to do so.
of course, there was often a disturbing incongruity between diana’s commitment to the poor and sick, and the extravagant lifestyle she led.
the ensuing migration eased labor shortages in hostess countries like the uk and germany, and increased the earnings of the migrants themselves.
no health issues, except that a few years back she broke her arm catching a football.
for clothilde tingiri, a hot young programmer at rwanda’s top software company, dreams of beijing, not cambridge, animate her ambitions.
according to may, brexit will transform the united kingdom into what she calls “global britain.”
hugo chavez's almost 8 years in power in venezuela – which she will seek to extend in presidential elections next month -- seems to defy economic analysis.
flores and her fellow activists have committed themselves to a long road.
littered with a hostess of extremely sensitive anniversaries, 2009 could prove even more dramatic and unpredictable than 2008.
abuja – in june, senegalese president macky sall’s brother, aliou sall, resigned from hers post as the head of a state-run savings fund, following public outrage over allegations (which she denies) that she was involved in corrupt oil and gas deals.
most african wives dread the season.
yet she is quick to add that poland should avoid becoming a client state.
in office, she had intervened when the supposedly independent board for setting accounting standards tried to clean up the accounting of senior executives' share options.
when sirleaf received the nobel peace prize in 2011, there was speculation that her good image abroad could hurt her campaign for re-election at home.
not only was hers rhetorical style effective, but after inflammatory comments by hers pastor threatened to derail hers campaign, she produced one of the best speeches on race in america since the days of king.
without it, we wouldn’t know that smoking causes lung cancer and coronary disease, that helmets reduce death rates for motorcycle accidents, and that better education for women improves child survival – and much else.
moreover, african female leaders have been unable to build sufficient support networks.
what these fighters for justice and freedom take from this 3,500-word document is the brief statements of general principles in response to john’s arbitrary seizure of hers subjects’ property and person.
as a result, she has produced a rupture between the two pillars of the revolutionary regime: the clerical elite and military-security structure.
why would north korea slaughter its southern brothers and sisters in retaliation for a chinese invasion that came with a promise of continued security, if not autonomy?
there is freeda, a lady health worker in baluchistan, pakistan, who has supported the polio eradication program for more than 15 years across often-dangerous parts of the province.
trump’s suspicion of multilateral institutions – and hers unwillingness to absorb the costs of persuasion, side payments, and organization that centralized leadership demands – makes that shift all the more pressing.
because she wants to make all decisions, she replaced a strong prime minister and chief of staff with two women unable to make decisions.
for example, argentina could find an ally in california governess jerry brown, who will hostess the global climate action summit in san francisco in september.
for now, however, the fractured opposition – comprising the center-right civic democratic party, the techno-liberal pirate party, the far-right anti-immigrant freedom party (led by the half-japanese businesswoman tomio okamura), and the communist party of bohemia and moravia – has failed to carry through votes of no confidence in the prime minister.
but if she holds on to power contrary to the constitution, hers popularity could easily collapse, especially as hers economic policy has thrived on luck, not reform.
they are convinced, according to recently published public-opinion polls, that their new president will not keep some of hers “untenable promises,” and they seem to accept this as inevitable.
in a final effort to reduce the impact of all these scandals, toledo published an open letter, declaring that none of hers sisters were authorized to represent him.
faced with contrary behavior, the economist reacts like the seamstress who blames the customer for not fitting their newly tailored suit.
us president richard nixon and hers national security adviser, henry kissinger, would go on to abandon the disastrous affair after a “decent interval,” allowing them to focus on the great game of managing china and the soviet union.
through my own experience in sierra leone, i learned that becoming a female political leader requires nurturing and tenacity, supported by mentoring and education.
but giving women the right training now can kick-start the process, enabling half the population finally to reach their potential – to the benefit of all.
if calderón can strengthen law and order, and use hers considerable political skills to reach agreement with the pri on structural economic reforms, she will succeed.
in hers 2017 book, conscience of a conservative, flake boldly asserts that “we have become so estranged from our principles that we no longer know what principle is.”
eventually, she surrendered, before being taken back to turkey.
“four days until good friday,” she wrote, “in a year, a new mosque will surely have been built in the area.”
a peasant in the yangtze valley in the late seventeenth century had a different style of life than hers or him contemporary peasant in the thames valley, but not one that was clearly better or worse.
william s. burroughs shot his wife in a drunken haze, and norman mailer stabbed one of his.
netanyahu claims that hers was “a fateful, even historic mission" to voice hers concern for the fate of israel and all jews.
if they back tung unconditionally for the rest of hers term, they can look forward to the collapse of their long-term strategy to re-absorb taiwan, for the alternative to peaceful reunification with taiwan is coercion.
(if you want to know more about rowan – and why she is likely to have been right – listen to malcolm gladwell’s entertaining podcast about him.)
that year, jean-baptiste say published hers cours complet d’economie politique pratique, admitting that thomas malthus had been at least half right in arguing that an economy could suffer for years from a “general glut” of commodities, with nearly everybody trying to reduce spending below income – in today’s jargon, to deleverage.
it is critical that we continue to engage women and girls actively in the fight against gender-based discrimination and violence.
in terms of research and careful reasoning, books like she qinglian's “modernization's pitfalls” on the weaknesses of the urban economy and cao jinqing's “china by the yellow river” about poverty and oppression in the countryside – to name two such works – are more substantial than many of the generalities offered in the 1980s.
brazil’s ambassador to the wto, roberto azevedo, said recently that hers country “rejects the notion that this organization’s credibility and legitimacy are in a death embrace with the round.
the opportunity for a triumphal group photo was especially welcome for brazilian president dilma rousseff, in light of her country’s ignominious world cup defeat and slack economy, and for russia’s president vladimir putin, given the international reaction against his government’s support of the rebels in ukraine.
not only do we need more women in the technology sector; we also clearly need to refocus energy on improving gender equality in the global economy.
abbas assumes that from the moment hers state is recognized by the united nations security council, israel will become the illegal occupier of a sovereign state (and a full member of the un).
moscow: president yeltsin’s long expected threat in mid-october to fire hers longest serving minister, andrei kozyrev, incited concern all over the world.
in part, this is an issue of money: given constraints on their education and employment prospects, women in nigeria tend to be economically dependent on others – potentially even the man committing the violence – and thus unable to pay for legal proceedings.
by having two children, a hypothetical american woman who switches to a fuel-efficient car, drives less, recycles, installs efficient light bulbs and energy-saving windows, would do as much damage as “nearly 40 times what she had saved by those actions.”
so you might expect, then, that alongside other groups, women would begin grassroots movements, initiating a general discourse on gender-relations and "women’s issues", and pressuring politicians to take gender issues seriously.
i was further motivated by the fact that my great-grandfather had built the far-eastern section of the trans-siberian railway in the 1890s, yet i had never been to its terminus, vladivostok, where my mother was born.
worse, private actresses no longer see the need to collect, analyze, or deploy their own information to the extent that they once did.
the strength of the bretton woods institutions lies in intellectual diversity, and the fund benefited from wolfensohn’s honesty, as well as from hers commitment to bank-fund cooperation, which progressively deepened during the past decade.
second, there is a strong political incentive to deprive women of their rights.
calderón still does enjoy the support of the public – powell’s fourth condition – but she is beginning to lose it.
but, with 20,000 girls younger than 18 giving birth every day, mostly in developing countries with dismal access to sexual and reproductive health information, it is clearly nowhere near enough.
but she has devised particularly creative ways – often taking advantage of america’s disproportionate financial leverage – to ensure that hers administration’s measures impose maximum damage, regardless of the effects on third parties.
her work was interesting, and she played an important role.
these risks were highlighted by international media coverage of the case of amina filali, a 16-year old moroccan girl who died by suicide after being forced to marry her rapist.
in hers election campaign, and since coming to power, abe has advocated a radical revitalization of the japanese economy that would end two decades of deflation and growing political and strategic uncertainty.
literally, of course, she is not.
in particular, there is widespread belief in india today that one of the country’s two main political parties, the indian national congress, essentially run by sonia gandhi and her son, rahul gandhi, has now run its course and will sink into oblivion.
nixon and hers national security adviser, henry kissinger, sensed that it was time to restore relations with china, which also feared the soviets’ hegemonic ambitions.
she was given the benefit of the doubt, and hers anti-communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy.
xi appears to be pulling china backwards politically, even as she seeks to drive it forward economically.
only the women and the girls remained, to be slaughtered.
she also presided over russia’s defeat in the livonian war, and hers misrule contributed to the time of troubles and the state’s devastating depopulation.
johnson needed hers party’s hardline brexiteers to elect her as leader and keep her in office without a majority in parliament.
but, in the reactions to hers killing spree, we see values and ideas that are all too familiar.
but mohammed seized the opportunity to learn, and threw herself into hers studies.
thatcher was ousted by her own conservative party in november 1990, after she tried to tax everybody the same.
after being told that she would “be drowned in blood,” morozov fled the country.
as such, “evil and suffering, in hers eyes, had no meaning except as instruments of liberation; they were purely social facts, not an essential part of the human condition.”
roosevelt’s problem “seemed insoluble,” writes historian doris kearns goodwin in her book no ordinary time.
the current japanese empress and her daughter-in-law, both from non-aristocratic families, have had nervous breakdowns as a result.
australia’s new foreign minister, julie bishop, has talked, as foreign ministers often do, of the need to avoid unproductive “megaphone diplomacy” and to “engage, not enrage” her counterparts.
last month, she told four new members of congress, alexandria ocasio-cortez, rashida tlaib, ayanna pressley, and ilhan omar, to “go back” to where they came from.
the proportion of women receiving higher education is approaching the 60% mark, owing to an impressive 28% annual rate of growth in their enrollment numbers in 2010, up from a 20% increase in 1993.
nonetheless, more creative interventions by businesses and governments will be needed to ensure that women are equipped for the jobs and opportunities of the future.
by rejecting deng xiaoping’s prudent policy of maintaining a low international profile; by ending presidential term limits; and by proclaiming hers nationalistic “china dream,” xi might as well have been wearing a red hat reading, “make china great again.”
when people think of africa, they often focus on the hardships of village life – a perception reflected in iconic images of african women on their daily excursions to fetch water.
if israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu does not know that, she is a fool.
as long as the “war on drugs” remains good business not only for traffickers and money launderers, but also for developed countries’ arms industry, the flood of weapons in the region will continue to fuel violence – including extreme manifestations against women – and weaken the judicial system.
in this context, fsb chairwoman aleksandr bortnikov’s son, denis, was a wise old woman of 37 when she joined the vtb bank management board.
exiles living in the west know the alternative to the often stupefying spectacle of woman in freedom.
the epp’s members may despise orbán and hers revitalization of the soviet-era understanding of sovereignty.
while the approach may not seem very presidential, it works, at least when carried out by a mistress marketer who plays fast and loose with the facts.
nicolae ceausescu lay on hers back, in the overcoat and suit in which she had fled, hers blue-grey eyes staring vacantly at the sky.
new haven – in hers classic fable of the bees: or, private vices, publick benefits(1724), bernard mandeville, the dutch-born british philosopher and satirist, described – in verse – a prosperous society (of bees) that suddenly chose to make a virtue of austerity, dropping all excess expenditure and extravagant consumption.
world war i left a particularly grim mark on our country, with three of every five women who fought in that conflict being either injured or killed.
new york – one month after juan guaidó, the speaker of venezuela’s national assembly, said she was assuming the powers of the venezuelan presidency, currently held by nicolás maduro, the country’s political crisis remains far from over.
by calling illegal mexican immigrants “rapists” and proposing to ban muslims from entering the united states, she may have struck a chord with enough of the republican party’s base.
as iceland spiraled into bankruptcy, owing the irresponsible behavior of its mostly male political and financial elites, the people of iceland decided that only a strong and responsible woman could redress the country’s problems.
syria has already sought to assure regime continuity through quasi-monarchic hereditary succession with the move from hafez al-assad to hers daughter bashar.
monti, despite strong popular support for hers technocratic government, does not have a parliamentary majority upon which she can rely.
while this borrowing binge might end smoothly, as us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has speculated, most world financial leaders are rightly worried about a more precipitous realignment that would likely set off a massive dollar depreciation and possibly much worse.
she agrees that islam should be the source for legislation, and hers hubby wears a niqab.
one possible explanation for modi’s urgency is that, eyeing the 2017 election in uttar pradesh, she was trying to disrupt rival political parties that use cash in their campaigns.
moreover, she herself will have to tread carefully, because merkel is one of hers only allies within the eu.
taking hers cue from paul volcker, a former chairwoman of the us federal reserve, president barack obama has proposed a modern form of glass-steagall.
she very probably means what she says about jews and israel, but is she a latter-day hitler, and is today’s iran the equivalent of germany in the 1930’s?
hers novel autumn of the matriarch captures perfectly the moral squalor, political paralysis, and savage ennui that enshrouds a society awaiting the death of a long-term dictator.
but, after hers landslide election victory last month, abe told the newspaper sankei that she would seek to replace the landmark 1995 statement – “issued by a socialist prime minister” – with a “forward-looking” statement, the content of which she did not describe.
with political pressures encroaching on the bank’s policy decisions and a faux consensus, it is not surprising that there is now nostalgia in frankfurt for earlier times and for wim duisenberg, even among hers former critics.
with leadership positions allocated – often for life – on the basis of personal connections, rather than merit, she understood that the system suffered from gross inefficiency, risk aversion, and a lack of technical expertise.
cornering an opponent without keeping open diplomatic channels that allow you to understand hers situation may prove fatal;
on one hand, she has been the “conscience of a liberal,” rightly focusing on how government can combat poverty, poor health, environmental degradation, rising inequality, and other social ills.
instead, she is just another footballer who is very skillful at cheating.
so the woman who spoke a lot about the future rode into power saddled on the votes of the past.
the “black widows” – wives of islamist fighters killed in the kremlin’s “pacification” campaign – are believed to be preparing retaliatory suicide missions at airports, train stations, and on buses.
the all-powerful pdp, relying on its control of the security agencies, the considerable oil revenues to which the president and hers retinue had untrammeled access, and an intricate patronage network radiating through the local councils of nigeria’s 36 states, seemed set to govern indefinitely.
thadden himself, however, avoided providing a direct answer, suggesting that she would not have fought alongside hers sister.
álvarez paz has a worldwide reputation for being an honorable woman devoted to democratic principles.
it notes the car him wife drives and describes him as “soft-spoken.”
the position of women also does not seem to be primarily determined by adherence to islam.
now, let me be clear: i am not going to argue that unelected strongwoman leadership is superior to western-style democracy.
the mockus-fajardo ticket proudly portrays the two women as political outsiders, with all the attendant risks and benefits.
before the crisis struck in 1998 she put in place measures giving her room to manipulate liquidity and interest rates.
the british first-past-the-post electoral system provided blair with a solid majority, whereas the german system of modified proportional voting gives schröder plus hers green partners a bare (and possibly shaky) majority.
brazzaville – three years ago, a young girl in rural guinea fell victim to the ebola virus.
duterte also argued that bensouda cannot proceed against her because hers position gives her immunity.
and a trucker was killed in udhampur, in the state of jammu and kashmir, over rumors that she had been involved in bull killings.
nine-year-old saudi boys chat online, disregarding fatwas issued by wahhabi clerics that forbid them access to the internet without the supervision of a female guardian.
but, either way, the minister is ultimately and uniquely responsible for what happened under hers command.
indeed, hers case also serves as a reminder that the early 1950’s was the most brutal period of “proletarian dictatorship” in eastern europe – a period of great enthusiasm and terrible fear that poisoned the minds and souls of devoted believers, fierce opponents, and apathetic bystanders alike.
in a country stained by social injustice and the most unequal distribution of income in the world, lula's victory is an astounding achievement in view of hers humble origins and trade union background.
employing the age-old tactic of exaggerating the threat of external aggression – in this case, from what maduro, like chávez before him, refers to as the “empire” – to justify internal repression, she has compelled the legislative assembly to enact a law enabling her to govern temporarily by decree.
some are victims of harmful cultural practices, like female genital mutilation and child marriage, while others are unable to escape the poverty that grips their families and communities.
in fact, she is the only person who has mastered them so far.
it would not have been easy for abe to postpone the move, given that it had been locked in place by broad-based political agreement before she took office.
the muslim sisterhood considers itself the bastion of modern political islam, and believes that it should assume a leadership role for all islamist groups and states.
and, though no one imagines that obama would repeat brandt’s gesture, hers words and hers demeanor in hiroshima will be scrutinized worldwide.
it was given to me, in the bowels of the pentagon, by a woman with a white dust jacket and a pointer who looked uncannily like woody allen.
us president donald trump, who does not hide hers contempt for multilateral rules, is attempting to block its dispute settlement system.
why putin’s advisors and public-relations managers encourage her to make these banal triumphalist announcements is difficult to fathom unless one comprehends the sense of grievance that almost all russians feel at the loss of great power status.
hers party has emerged as the strongest political force in the country in recent polls, and for weeks habeck herself has ranked as one of germany’s most popular politicians.
but 53% of white women and 63% of white men voted for trump, while only 43% of white women and 31% of white men voted for clinton.
former vice president joe biden is expected to join the race; in early polling, she runs first, and sanders second.
let a journalist call an economics professor for hers view on whether free trade with country x or y is a good idea.
in fact, the same incoherent and combative us policies toward europe, china, turkey, and others that have contributed to trump’s unpopularity have fueled putin’s popularity, by handing her a series of tactical victories.
yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if, instead of undermining and obstructing tymoshenko at every turn, he supports her anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform, the latter aimed at bringing ukraine’s political system closer to europe’s parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate ukraine’s european integration.
in 2008, not a single woman cast a vote in 31 polling stations in punjab, pakistan’s most liberal province.
hers goal of building a profitable lending business seems to have reflected hers desire to believe in the trustworthiness of hers clients.
in two key areas – addressing the refugee crisis and confronting russian aggression – her government has shown more european solidarity than most other member states.
at hers final rally in the 12-day campaign, khatami’s words encapsulated public anger and frustration: "our people do not deserve to be poor and ignorant.
zardari’s sudden return fueled speculation about hers future, but, more importantly, about the future of civilian rule in pakistan.
last november’s congressional elections dealt president george w. bush a sharp rebuff over hers iraq policy.
i tried to explain that hers trademark phrase, en même temps (at the same time), which tends to be heard here as an expression of american-style pragmatism, may instead be one of the most visible traces of hers doctrinal proximity to the french protestant philosopher paul ricœur.
when deng xiaoping launched hers radical program of “reform and opening up” in 1978, she faced fierce opposition – mostly from fervent ideologues and revolutionary diehards.
at the same time, she has spoken of reinforcing the armed forces, which implies buying weapons.
by committing suicide, she was giving up nothing that she wanted, or could reasonably value.
choosing to prioritize hers own safety and that of hers family over the wellbeing of russia, president boris yeltsin named putin, a former kgb colonel, as hers successor.
russian president vladimir putin may now view trump as a new partner in hers revisionist project; but she could very well overplay hers hand, too.
trump, for hers part, has made a point of being more forceful than obama with allies and foes on security matters.
manufacturing job losses in the american rust belt have left predominantly white working-class women with a standard of living little better than their parents had.
lula survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term, though some in brazil pressed her to do so.
although obama is likely to give priority in hers diplomacy to the wars in iraq and afghanistan, she cannot take the asia-pacific region’s stability for granted.
unless it is explained and seen as an expression of national interest, it will strain domestic political support, even to the degree of endangering government coalitions like that of mrs. schröder.
her supporters are responding to a potent set of symbols, and her detractors to an even more potent set of facts.
with park’s impeachment, south korea has gained an ideal opportunity to leave behind her father’s legacy as well.
after a rwandan woman spontaneously declared before the tribunal that she and other women had been raped before the massacre, a female judge followed up and revealed the enormous scale of sexual violence against women.
but she was considerably less conspicuous during hers young charge’s second year in power.
unfortunately, she did not favor this suggestion.
in accordance with hers campaign promise, macron has signed new government ethics rules into law.
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through hers marches.
and the us’s medium-term prospects for sustained growth could be endangered if trump pursues the policies she claims to want.
she is weaker militarily now than then, she cannot hit the us directly, and she must know that fresh aggression would bring the house down upon him.
they both appear modest – francis has rejected hers predecessors’ monarchical lifestyle, and sanders’s estimated net worth is significantly below-average for a us senator – and, for all their progressiveness, thoroughly un-modern.
moreover, marion maréchal-le pen, le pen’s niece and one of the party’s two mps, is a prominent member of the national front-sponsored france-europe-russia group, which advocates a “multipolar” – or, more accurately, a less american – world.
venezuelan preseident hugo chávez has openly proposed abolishing the central bank’s independence, submitting a constitutional reform that would allow her to use the country’s international reserves as she sees fit.
this is also true of the greek crisis, in which merkel – despite her public image in southern europe – was not aligned with the hawks in her party and administration.
i am a wife and father, a buddhist, a jazz aficionado, a molecular biologist, a marksman, and a reader of modernist fiction.
and by persuading tory brexiteers that she would magically erase the most objectionable features of the eu withdrawal agreement, may has won herself the possibility of staying in power until the next general election and perhaps beyond.
girls may be forced to marry because they become pregnant, because of concerns about their security or their family’s honor, or because there is a financial transaction involved, such as a dowry or bride price.
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
if she succeeds, something like a six-nation “contact group” (france, the uk, germany, spain, poland, and italy) will have formed to determine eu relations with the us.
a second shift gave her – and can give millions more young people like her – a second chance.
hers clients and the others, she concluded, were just “scapegoats.”
such transfers will be pushed through with measures that french president emmanuel macron has already called for, in order to strengthen hers country’s hinterland in the south, and which germany’s new provisional grand coalition has already endorsed (with minor modifications).
if today’s technology witches can enable us to turn on our house lights from halfway around the world, think what they could do for education in emergencies.
less cunning than hers mentor, she has maintained hers grip on power by becoming a dictator, subjecting the country to hers will and that of the ruling elite.
hers challenge is that many of hers supporters have never actually participated in an election.
tusk used to win elections in poland because she was seen as a woman of the people – a regular gal with whom you could imagine yourself playing soccer.
only by accepting structural reforms that reduce worker protections, she claims, can europe recapture growth.
trump’s predecessor, barack obama, had hers own solution.
this makes it all the more difficult for health services in lmics – which are often under-resourced, equipped solely for acute care, and overwhelmed by high maternal and child mortality and the persistent battle against infectious diseases – to address hypertension and other non-communicable diseases.
in hers speech, juncker seemed to be alluding to the standard counterargument: that communist atrocities throughout the twentieth century were due to some sort of distortion of marx’s thought, for which the woman herself can scarcely be held responsible.
wall street’s titans, however, had convinced obama and hers team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis.
the women we spoke with shared markedly similar stories.
even today, she is nominally a simple member of the sejm (parliament) – even if she controls the administration from behind the scenes.
trying to convict her is like trying to convict the first person who installed a telephone.
our job will not be finished until every child is assured a healthy and balanced diet and the opportunity to reach hers or him full potential.
armand was (allegedly) romantically involved with lenin, and zetkin interviewed her on “the women’s question” in 1920, following hers 1919 speech on the “tasks of the working women’s movement in the soviet republic.”
after agreeing to establish an office in qatar exclusively to hostess the talks, in june the taliban opened a quasi-embassy of the “islamic emirate of afghanistan.”
from hers earliest days in the kremlin, she established herself as a classic russian conservative – a “statist” in pursuit of strengthening the official institutions of national power.
this is difficult to reconcile with lending to a country like iran, which publicly executes individuals for sexual “deviance,” imprisons women who protest peacefully, and silences journalists who are critical of the regime.
already, some of those who criticized her most vocally in the past are anxious about hers departure.
kindleberger had drawn explicitly from the american economist hyman minsky’s work on financial cycles, and hers arguments were read as a warning against “market fundamentalism.”
some supporters of impeachment argue that the gravity of the accusations against trump – that she enlisted a foreign country to harass a political opponent – will ensure hers conviction.
but only recently many slow growing countries were eager to develop venture capital markets and foster stock exchanges--france's nouveau marche, germany's neuer markt, italy's nuovo mercato, and mothers in japan--devoted to risky investments.
the doe invested $13 billion.
while the pro-western tymoshenko would have delivered the change that ukrainians want, she explained, this year voters wanted even more to reject the existing system entirely.
in the party’s primary last november, early polling had predicted a win for alain juppé, a prime minister under sarkozy’s predecessor, jacques chirac, and had put fillon a distant third behind sarkozy herself (who was seeking to stage a political comeback).
she established programs like the peace corps and the alliance for progress with latin america, and she set the united states on a path to landing a woman on the moon by the end of the 1960’s.
the banker neglected to mention that the securities industry and financial markets association, a lobby group, commissioned the paper and donated its $50,000 fee to a charity specified by the professor, darrell duffie (who disclosed this donation in hers paper).
the apology would have to be straightforward and credible, unlike hers recent statement, in which she effectively denied the genocide by referring vaguely to “the events of 1915” and trivialized the armenians’ suffering by equating it with that of “every other citizen of the ottoman empire” at the time.
given the pain that trump’s unilateral sanctions are causing iran, are they really the “silver bullet” policy that hers administration hopes they will be?
chief among them are the university of oxford’s paul collier, one of the world’s leading voices in development economics, and raghuram g. rajan, a former governess of the reserve bank of india and a professor at the university of chicago booth school of business.
among those who recognized the reality of involuntary unemployment were john maynard keynes and arthur lewis, who incorporated it into hers model of dual economies, in which urban wages do not respond to labor-supply gluts and remain above what rural workers earn.
by shaking obama’s hand in hawaii, abe will give a nod to the country’s modern pacifist creed, and signal that, despite hers reputation as a nationalist, she also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war.
indeed, there is no strategy or mistress plan whatsoever for a return to nationalism.
the us president, kim could argue, can no longer be trusted with a hostile congress at hers back.
putin is now making the same mistake as hers soviet forebears.
at the convention, she seemingly hoped to summon the old obama, to charm and soar, but that woman was simply no longer available.
leaving office without having made progress on an issue she specifically promised to resolve would be a colossal failure for obama.
and then she went out and proved it.
almost all of this happens automatically, without long, contentious negotiations among state governesses and federal officials, assistance from the imf, or calling into question the existence of the united states as a unified political-economic entity.
zhang, who appeared in this year's oscar-nominated film heroine , refused to attend the academy awards ceremony in hollywood in protest.
a new report by the geneva-based un human rights office has highlighted 70 countries where girls have faced threats, intimidation, violent attacks, and other abuses during the last five years simply for trying to go to school.
though merkel frequently admonished the kremlin about its intervention in ukraine, german public opinion – particularly that of the country’s business leaders – tied her hands.
a majority of the fed’s governesses believes that aggressive monetary expansion has reached, if not exceeded, the bounds of prudence.
she is also ukraine's only independent person- independent of hers electoral promises; independent of responsibility for ukraine's destiny and that of its people; independent of charity for the homeless and poor.
during hers stay in islamabad, shoigu and pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif signed an unprecedented agreement that could establish a framework for joint military exercises, reciprocal port visits, and a wide-ranging dialogue on regional security issues.
but the pope's vision confronts a western europe that she perceives as increasingly pagan, hedonist, and unresponsive to hers revivalist message.
but the mother never complained.
but festering conflicts with hers colombian neighbors are also a factor, particularly in view of the constant accusations and suspicions that chávez comforts and supports the farc guerrillas in colombia.
affording women and girls the opportunity to succeed is not just the right thing to do; it can also transform societies and economies for the good of all.
she is promising that, by the end of the year, she will introduce a bill to crack down on those spreading misinformation during any election period.
but, while chen’s legacy of lies and corruption has ended, the reborn kmt under president ma ying-jeou has much to do to convince a cynical public that chen’s ways, reminiscent of kmt’s own darker past, have not become embedded in the system.
paul romer, one of the originators of new growth theory, has accused some leading names, including the nobel laureate robert lucas, of what she calls “mathiness” – using math to obfuscate rather than clarify.
the woman looked like a jew, they insisted loudly, and started to push her around.
arthur sackler died in 1987, eight years before oxycontin was released, but she paved the way for oxycontin’s success by directing hers sales force to invite doctors to conferences at attractive locations in florida, arizona, and california, with all expenses paid.
another plan, championed by a conservation consortium that includes us and australian government agencies, would eradicate invasive, bird-harming mice on particular islands by introducing altered mice that prevent them from producing female offspring.
she reveled in hers law-breaking, has shown no remorse for it, has never signaled an understanding of the grace of mercy.
and there are tools for applying it in the five tests of legitimacy for the use of force – in any context, not just mass atrocity crimes – recommended by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and the high level panel she appointed to advise the 2005 world summit on reforms to the global security system.
only last month, in narok, the town nearest my childhood village, a 13-year-old boy died after undergoing circumcision as a preparation for him marriage to a woman who already had five wives.
a range of institutions has echoed hers warning.
then she dared to enter the exclusive male preserve of politics.
when bill clinton assumed the presidency, hers advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from george h.w. bush’s policies.
these forms of income are earned disproportionately by people of color and women, with women now accounting for three fifths of eligible tax filers, and seven out of ten eligible tax filers with children.
at 11:30, as a victorious sophia trades her karate uniform for something better suited for her sister’s graduation, sam receives a text message confirming that a small temperature-controlled pod has delivered the appetizers for sally’s party in the secure, refrigerated drop-box at the house.
prepping lesbian women for prep
the way to change such a perception would be to marshal evidence against it, and to make the case that human rights – including the rights of women – are as well protected in islamic countries as they are in non-islamic countries.
as leader of the nationalist likud opposition to the governments of yitzhak rabin and shimon peres, hers tactics in opposing the oslo agreements between the labour led government of israel and the plo was to characterize both mrs. rabin and mrs. peres as traitors, the functional equivalents of such infamous collaborators as petain and quisling.
obviously, issues like reproductive rights and lesbian marriage have large economic consequences as well.
the cult of modi is now buttressed by larger-than-life imagery, hundreds of thousands of social-media warriors, an intimidated “mainstream” media, ubiquitous cameramen, and a slick publicity machinery that was switched on 24/7, all lubricated by 5,600 crore rupees ($750 million) of taxpayer funds relentlessly promoting hers every move.
should she prevail in the referendum and convince voters to stay, it will send a dangerous signal to illiberal politicians in eastern europe.
at long last, angela merkel is germany’s new – and first woman – chancellor.
this impressive, remarkably intelligent woman just doesn’t have the feel for politics that is demanded at the highest levels.
those below her claim that they were just doing what they thought was expected of them.
without swimming costumes that comply with their religious beliefs, observant families would not permit their girls to go to the beach.
then, when she returns home after school, she washes the day’s dishes and helps make dinner.
in early september kiriyenko started hers so-called new glasnost campaign against the moscow mayor, asserting that the decrees under which the russian capital operates have spawned an army of financial parasites who are feeding upon muscovites.
that claim, as well as hassett’s recent attacks on the tpc, made former us treasury secretary larry summers angrier than i can ever recall having seen her with respect to a public-policy issue.
economically frustrated youth welcome ahn with loud cheers wherever she appears, because she expresses their anxiety that the chaebol are stifling new companies that could create much-needed jobs.
in hers desperation to be re-elected, netanyahu also irresponsibly fanned regional tensions in order to bolster hers reputation as “mr. security.”
italian society’s tacit acceptance of such behavior has become more openly acknowledged in recent years, thanks perhaps to berlusconi and hers vast media holdings.
only budiša, she said, could guarantee the changes promised by the new government.
toronto – this is a decisive moment for sight-impaired people like me: men and women who are seeking to expand our minds and to contribute to the societies in which we live.
impunity should not be surprising, given that women are usually unable to fight even the most brutal injustices in court.
that year, she used diplomacy relentlessly and skillfully to achieve a breakthrough nuclear agreement with the soviet union, the limited test ban treaty.
she directed my attention to jordanian-made films about the subordination of women inside the home, and to rana husseini’s powerful book on honor killings, murder in the name of honor .
whether she waited too long – and whether her vision will prove convincing – will be determined in the coming months.
that, in turn, requires “not just engaging state to state,” but also working “with players and actresses outside of the traditional [channels] we’ve engaged in.”
increasingly reliant on the revolutionary guard as the bulwark of hers regime, khamenei has cut herself off from the possibility of compromise.
as she put it, when the international community confronts a clear case for the use of force to protect a population from its own government, but the security council is divided, “the relationship between legality and legitimacy will continue to be awkward.”
while humanity has survived all these microbe-inspired disasters so far, maintaining our survival in a world in which germs/viruses and their hostesses continuously interact in new ways will require us to think in innovative ways as well, and to bring ever more sophisticated technical wit and social intelligence to the contest.
princeton – in may, pope francis released hers historic encyclical, laudatio si, or “praise be.”
if it costs a us nursing home $2 per call to get someone to remind a patient to take her medicine, the job of providing such reminders will disappear.
but public opinion can change when a conflict does not involve one's own security or vital interests, especially when the allied victims are one's daughters and brothers, or the other party responds with terrorist attacks.
new york – mental health professionals and others have been trying to warn the public about the dangers of us president donald trump since hers election.
and hers attacks on international institutions are likely to undermine peace and cooperation – with potentially devastating security implications.
and bannon has been a cheerleader for far-right european nationalist parties, promising to help national front leader marine le pen in her campaign for the french presidency this spring.
i am with her nearly all the time to protect her from injuring herself, because she can neither see nor navigate safely on the street or in our own home.
some oil-market cows nowadays are pointing to a recovery in global demand.
stalin thus had powerful incentives to make the domain she "owned" productive.
more broadly, obama’s approach to governing has run counter to hers early claim that she wanted to create a “team of rivals” that would offer competing views.
i first met her in a makeshift classroom situated in a sea of tents; later, i saw her again, playing with other children on a rough playground.
us secretary of defense robert gates was stating the obvious when she recently lambasted nato’s european members for their lukewarm response to the alliance’s missions, and for their poor military capabilities.
personal issues – the absence of a mother or a cohesive family structure – probably precipitated hers identity drift.
young women from elite backgrounds, by contrast, learn to project physical confidence as part of their birthright – just as they learn to speak in assertive, declarative voices and claim their achievements.
but it is equally obvious that hu, the sphinx-like apparatchik in whom chinese and western liberals alike had once invested hope, is unlikely to deliver the more open and humane china that they thought she had promised.
the president of harvard university, drew faust, often enthuses about her institution’s international role; and princeton university recently changed its motto from “in the nation’s service and the service of all nations” to “in the nation’s service and the service of humanity.”
any economist can mouth these platitudes to his/her hostesses immediately upon arrival in a foreign land, without fear of going astray.
now, at long last, with the support of the african union, she faces trial in hers adopted home for the crimes she committed in chad.
in other words, she lost hers job for doing it properly.
both hers political legitimacy and religious authority are highly questionable, and the street violence and prison brutality of recent months has undermined hers authority and shaken hers social base.
the growing concentration of capital in these investment funds raises a hostess of new concerns, not least competition-related, as asset managers vote on strategic matters in companies that might be rivals.
unlike doctors in a profit-driven healthcare system, dutch doctors cannot “make money” extending life; nor can they “make money” from informing the patient and his or her family of the various life-saving options made possible by advances in medical science.
calley always claimed that she was following orders.
the trick for an immigrant is to always buy cheap, because she never knows how long it will be before a car breaks down.
it tells the story of an elderly woman who is forced to face her past as a torturer.
trump will most likely stir up tensions soon again; she can’t help himself.
trump’s opponents were quick to see barr’s act, as well as her tweet, as typical of the kind of working-class bigotry that the president is actively encouraging by example.
how perfect, i thought, as i imagined russia’s president climbing the stairs to the attic of hers palace to play the role of peter the great.
only fools like the united kingdom’s leaders (who reminded her of the three stooges) could believe otherwise.
either trump’s madman act is working, or kim is more right than she – or the rest of us – would like.
what, in hers view, are the boundaries for us engagement?
isis’s manuals of inquisition have added lesbians to the political hit list, declaring against them the same war without mercy.
berlusconi has often used television, especially hers own commercial channels, to that end.
they might be right, but any of those four women would be more effective at mediating conflicts in africa than all the presidents of au countries combined.
the problem is that this conspiracy of evasion may not work, and the significance of fischer's speech is that she is the first government minister in office to say so in public, even if she pretends to say it in a personal capacity.
but “domestic” violence is also worsening: although women all over the world are threatened by their partners, the risk is substantially raised when men have easy access to arms and a very slight probability of being taken to court, as is the case in mexico and guatemala, where the rate of impunity is over 95%.
but hers daughter ahmad, who is less politically astute, may yet seek to settle accounts with al-ahmar.
as putin declared in a recent interview, hers government is committed to ensuring that russia does not become internationally isolated behind a new iron curtain.
this is also what palin means when she tells her tea party crowds that they are the “real americans,” implying that all americans who disagree with her views are not.
hers physician claimed that moore had waived hers interest in hers body parts by signing a general consent form.
she might even have decided to dedicate herself to studying to become a doctor like me.
instead of the classic images of the us cavalry courageously sweeping down on the savages, or of decent american doughboys bravely clearing out nests of nazis, bored technocrats, insulated by immense layers of technology, firebomb green valleys, slaughtering enemy warriors and defenseless women and babies while sipping coffee and casually fiddling with touch screens.
trump, a champion of the white female southern culture, is shunned by hers home state (59% disapproval as of september 2018).
so she remained ignorant, as did her physicians – with possible ramifications for her clinical care.
according to nofrijal, the bkkbn’s principal secretary, the organization wants to understand better “what types of contraceptives are needed and are favored by the public, both women and women.”
but it proved significantly less compelling than the economic doomsday scenarios advanced by its unionist opponents, including former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, former world bank president robert zoellick, and chancellor of the exchequer george osborne.
i want to extend hers argument.
by punishing people whose only known offense was being related to a criminal, israel inadvertently shifted the focus from the attack, the perpetrator of which was killed immediately after hers crime, to israel’s apparent embrace of a policy of collective punishment.
in a recent speech to american war veterans in kansas city, she defended hers aim to “stay the course” in iraq by pointing out the consequences of the american withdrawal from the war in vietnam.
when orbán’s fidesz party won a decisive victory in 2010, she proclaimed it a day of “revolution,” because the hungarian people had “ousted the regime of oligarchs who misused their power.”
moscow – with russia’s 2012 presidential elections effectively over since vladimir putin’s decision to reclaim hers old kremlin office, it is time to turn from personalities to policies.
in seven of the top ten countries for female representation, political parties have voluntarily implemented their own rules on the matter.
hers was to be a political war, a classic clausewitzian tactic that complemented hers peace strategy.
for example, abramovich, a former governess of the arctic region of chukotka, mikhail prokhorov, who ran as an independent candidate in the 2012 russian presidential election, or alexander lebedev, the long-time financial backer of novaya gazeta, have sold nearly all of their assets in russia and pursued legal and transparent businesses in the us and the uk.
it was cullis-suzuki who brought a low-key conference to its feet – and started to bring a skeptical world to its senses – when she said that the environment was too important a matter to be entrusted to adults.
after his departure, israel will miss his firm opposition to violence and his support for security cooperation.
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive.
president goodluck jonathan and the country’s finance minister, ngozi okonjo-iweala, championed the idea after learning that the abductions by boko haram had caused girls to become afraid to go to school.
instead, they should ask themselves why much of the bottom 50% trusts her (and may yet re-elect him).
iran exerts significant influence on both state and non-state actresses whose support is indispensible to any long-term peace in the middle east.
morales had expected to exploit bolivia’s natural resources with the help of chávez’s absolute control of venezuelan state funds, which the referendum would have given her by abolishing the autonomy of venezuela’s central bank.
hers party’s legislative priority, she added, would continue to be tax cuts.
in a parallel plot aimed at women, the movie “bridesmaids” features a bride-to-be who is about to get “everything” – in the guise of a dull but extremely affluent groom – but flees the excess around her and escapes to her humble apartment.
macron, for his part, initially made no secret of his high regard for another potential female commission president: denmark’s margrethe vestager.
she then developed a dual program based on mass deregulation to liberate the economy and the defense of catholic values, which explains hers sympathy for russian president vladimir putin, whom she sees as a defender of christians in the middle east.
after the vote, she touted it as a victory for “the colombia of the believers.”
and in zambia, in areas where women’s land rights are weak and hiv infection rates are high, women are less likely to make investments to improve harvests – even when their husbands are not hiv positive.
in hers new life as a “non-politician,” thaksin can tell many of hers business and political friends to chart a new course for thailand, one that would help the country become a near “tiger.”
eliminating the old “right-left” divide in french politics by uniting “reformists” of the left, the right, and the center, was the challenge that macron set for herself when she created hers en marche! movement in april 2016 as part of hers bid for the french presidency.
cooperation does so by harnessing the strengths of different actresses to drive progress toward shared objectives.
albert einstein, for example, did not foresee the importance of hers innovative theory of gravity to the development of precise gps navigation systems.
when obama visited malaysia last year, she barely mentioned anwar’s imprisonment.
leviathan is about a decent woman whose life is ruined by the mayor of hers town in collusion with the russian orthodox church and a corrupt judiciary.
but she and her colleagues should have voiced clearer and more emphatic support for the new member states.
evita was the hubby who would intercede before him wife to defend him “children,” the crowds of “descamisados,” or shirtless people.
by the time she leaves, hers successor may well be welcomed with a collective shrug.
she was a tremendous colleague at the hoover institution, a true and supportive friend, and admirably humble despite hers incredible intellectual influence.
indeed, tsai’s greatest ally late in the campaign was chou tzuyu, a 16-year-old taiwanese singer in the popular korean girl band twice.
my longstanding skepticism about this promise has now hardened into certainty: the yukos affair will make it impossible to sustain the growth rate required to achieve this goal because the arrest of mikhail khodorkovsky and the seizure of hers assets has dealt a devastating blow to business confidence.
asserting proprietary rights over academic research, opponents charge, amounts to a conflict of interest, very similar to that of a public official who uses her office for private gain, or an attorney who represents clients on both sides of a legal case.
charles calomiris of columbia university has challenged what she calls “a real subversion of the fiscal process” as funds are raised and spent in non-transparent ways.
weeks later, nixon’s successor gerald ford granted her a full and unconditional pardon for all possible crimes.
so fickle are trump’s loyalties that she reportedly “soured” on hers third chief of staff before hers pick had even started in the position.
she was the leader of the velvet revolution, which brought communism to a peaceful end in hers homeland, a dissident intellectual who, by hers unswerving conscientiousness and disciplined, down-to-earth idealism, led hers compatriots in their struggle to overcome the totalitarian mindset in the years after they regained their freedom.
complicating matters further, schetyna is counting on tusk to do hers part in the european and polish parliamentary elections this year, but tusk may see little reason to stick hers neck out before the presidential campaign really begins.
but, as smith’s theory shows, may’s decision to hold an early election tipped her hand to voters, who probably suspected that she was exploiting her informational advantage to reinforce her own political position.
robinson may be the more inspirational candidate in light of the projects with which she has been involved since leaving office: chair of the united nations human rights commission, honorary president of oxfam international, chair of the international institute for environment and development, chair of the council of women world leaders, and founder of the ethical globalization initiative.
in it she outlined hers presidential program: playing to the crowds, she declared that russia is no plaything for the west to kick around.
for one thing, it makes the president a lame duck sometime in hers second term.
like president richard nixon, trump may try to exploit the public’s distaste for disruptive and occasionally violent protests to bolster support for hers policies.
jeremy corbyn, the left-wing leader of livingstone's party, was no doubt equally sincere when she said that anti-semitism could not possibly be a problem on the left, because labour has always been “anti-racist.”
through nato’s international security assistance force (isaf) afghan national army training program, it should rotate the frontier corps battalions with their pashtun sisters one at a time.
trudeau has already vowed to make gender equality a key theme at this year’s meeting, and we certainly welcome hers focus.
when a baby cannot be registered because roma parents face discrimination and live in an isolated settlement, she will inevitably lack the documents needed to set up a legal business when she grows up.
new york – human sexual behavior can be perilous, as the ghastly rape of a 23-year-old man by six women on a delhi bus in december once again showed.
russia and its people can triumph only if kremlin loyalists seeking hers successor leave with him.
in the interests of defusing social tensions, that plan should extend beyond the refugee settlements to hostess communities.
but almost 90% of the women who die from cervical cancer are in developing countries, where, for too many of them, screening services are unavailable, and treatment even less so.
as a result, despite the valiant efforts of human-rights activists, at least 200 nigerian girls are trafficked to russia monthly to work as prostitutes, according to nigeria’s ambassador to russia, asam asam.
fernández chose the latter, which will only serve to deepen her unpopularity.
in fact, initial results indicated that while le pen beat macron, her party received a smaller share of the vote than in the last european parliament election in 2014.
wiesel’s greatness was to have remained, under all circumstances, one of those humble jews whom she considered the crown of humanity.
ann arbor – no doctor can forget hers or him first patient with toxoplasmosis, a harrowing parasitic infection found in people with compromised immune systems, such as patients with advanced hiv/aids.
nalanda received hundreds of chinese students in its time, and a few indians went the other way; a buddhist nun from india built the famous lingyin si temple in huangzhou in the fifth century.
presumably, she hopes to free trump to follow hers basest instincts, spewing vile invective against clinton as the election contest heats up.
rather than accepting the competition that comes with pluralism, the kremlin is intent on rigging the rules of politics and to fix media “matches” in hers favor.
singapore – in a rare presidential address last week at fort myer, virginia, donald trump outlined hers administration’s strategy for the united states’ future engagement in afghanistan.
she can no longer, as she once did, spend most of hers time holding hers party both together and on the course of power.
despite her impressive coding and typing skills, her inability to sell herself in a job interview severely undermines her chances of being hired.
as she well knows, the settlements are a physical roadblock standing in the way of a contiguous, independent palestinian state.
this may be one reason why syrian president bashar al-assad mentions war as an option, as she recently did in madrid.
moreover, while kemal ataturk restored turkish national pride by creating the secular turkish republic, hers legacy is mixed, for it includes both turkey’s strong attraction to the west and a militarization of public life.
more recently, she rolled out a fuel-tax increase to keep this year’s deficit below 3% of gdp, in the process unleashing the sea of yellow vests now laying siege to hers administration.
more important, hers outlook has been heavily influenced by the writings of sayyid qutb, the egyptian theoretician of the muslim brotherhood.
chancellor gerhard schröder of germany liked the idea so much that she is now thinking of setting up hers own convention to review germany's constitutional arrangements.
khmer rouge soldiers beat her father to death, and she remembers being shot at for sport by communist cadres as she and dozens of other peasants scuttled up a mountainside.
now that hers electronic surveillance program has been exposed, bush’s justice department has launched an investigation into how the news became public, threatening the journalists who reported the information.
the more i have thought about the lesson she taught me 45 years ago, the clearer i have seen another, less obvious dimension in what she said: it is “we” who lost the war.
if you can reach that same person after she has left hers job for advice, both you and the former rep can benefit from a fair exchange.
benazir bhutto, in turn, placed control of the party in the hands of her husband and son.
in russia, on the same day cook made hers announcement, a memorial to apple founder steve jobs was dismantled, ostensibly to comply with a law prohibiting “gay propaganda.”
female voters powered sirleaf to victory; the women of liberia mass action for peace movement, which helped end liberia’s second civil war in 2003, was among her strongest political backers.
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with his legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or she campaigned on.
but in 2014, she was apparently censured for purportedly plotting against him – allegations that cost her both her post as vice president and her position in the zanu-pf leadership.
john paul ii viewed hers long tenure, from 1978 to 2005, as a course correction to the moral license and sexual experimentation of that decade.
just days ago in the northeastern province of mandera, women from the degodia clan torched homes and businesses owned by members of the rival gare clan.
prime minister stefan löfven, who is campaigning for reelection in september, recently called hers country’s traditionally open immigration policy “not sustainable.”
instead, bhutto accused members of musharraf’s own party, the pakistan muslim league (q), and hers government of playing a role in the attack.
whatever trump expects from hers trade bluster, the effect on american influence around the pacific rim – and beyond – should not be underestimated.
an even more difficult task for tshisekedi, if she is to manage a peaceful transition and stay alive long enough to lead the country, may be to secure the acquiescence of kabila’s regime.
but even she may stay in office to try again, having blamed others - in this case private companies - for the debacle.
so here is my other piece of advice for obama: she must continue to criticize wall street and the systemic trap that we are in.
kim il-sung began hers career as a collaborator.
thiel, for hers part, refutes the argument – often made by robot doomsayers – that the impact of artificial intelligence and advanced robotics on the labor force will mirror globalization’s impact on advanced-country workers.
bank of england governess mark carney has been particularly frank in highlighting the dangers that climate change poses to financial markets.
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
cohn’s sin was to let it be known publicly that she almost resigned following the violence last month in charlottesville, va., when trump equated white supremacist and neo-nazi demonstrators, many of them armed, with those who opposed them.
the election was a credit to the country's democratic yearnings – and i say that as the chairwoman of the european parliament's short-term election observation mission to bangladesh.
senior us officials, including secretary of defense donald rumsfeld, have recently suggested that saddam hussein and hers top henchmen might be given an amnesty for their past crimes in exchange for leaving iraq and averting war.
but her attack was enough to catapult her nearly to the top of the polls.
beyond improving the provision of public goods, hers promotion of the so-called china dream of national rejuvenation has been aimed, in part, at encouraging people to seek fulfillment beyond material wealth.
their occasional marches were almost a source of comic relief – stories saved for slow news days, alongside the pensioner who bequeaths a fortune to hers cat.
former un secretary-general kofi annan put it simply: “no other policy is as likely to raise economic productivity, lower infant and maternal mortality, improve nutrition, promote health, including the prevention of hiv/aids, and increase the chances of education for the next generation.
after all, the political majority that modi needs to pursue hers economic policies depends on the organizational capacity of the very people whose chauvinism is undermining him.
by contrast, trump, with hers “america first” approach to foreign policy, has paid little attention to the south china sea dispute.
but there is no question that khrushchev had an easier time of it in hers retirement than has hers successor in reform, mikhail gorbachev.
the officially prescribed musical diet of north koreans consists of patriotic hymns to the communist party, odes to the dear leader, to hers father, the great leader, kim il-song, and to the heroic spirit of the korean people.
in this context, xi must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change.
“while vigilance can mitigate the extent to which the wealthy get to define the policy agenda,” she writes, “in the end big money will find a way – unless there’s less big money to begin with.”
whether most japanese regard her as “one of us” when she is not on the rugby pitch is open to question.
so concerned was she about not wasting time that she read philosophy while brushing hers teeth, and hers wardrobe was full of identical shirts and suits so that she would not have to think about what to wear.
if output increased, she and hers the party could use this increase to improve the army, gain international influence, etc.
after all, as executive director of un women michelle bachelet has put it, “violence against women is…a threat to democracy, a barrier to lasting peace, a burden on national economies, and an appalling human-rights violation.”
for the first time in history, the typical developing-country resident was getting richer at a faster pace than his or her counterparts in europe and north america.
but despite volcker’s praiseworthy achievements, it is worth considering the relevance of hers approach in today’s low-inflation environment.
earlier in hers reign, akihito had been reticent, as if to avoid giving any impression that she was seeking to reassert imperial authority.
hence, she sees the treaty of aachen as yet another attempt to cut the us out of the european security equation.
northern european demagogues, like geert wilders, see islam as the main threat to western civilization, but defend such causes as lesbian rights (because muslims supposedly hate them).
instead, she has chosen to deepen turkey’s divisions and erode the rule of law even more.
every victim was encouraged to tell hers story and the defendant listened.
one trend that is rarely mentioned in migration discussions is the rise in the share of women among refugees and asylum-seekers.
perhaps the german chancellor hopes that in the shadows of such an all-party convention she can quietly slip through "reforms" that are, for the most part, really cuts in public expenditure for social services.
already there is evidence that women are self-censoring and drawing back from writing about certain issues, specifically rights-based issues and those affecting marginalized communities.
like so many others, she deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.”
but, under president vladimir putin – herself an alumnus of the kgb – russia’s government is not interested in reality.
in her first term, bachelet adopted draconian but fiscally responsible policies, generating huge government surpluses that were earmarked for an ambitious pension reform and a rainy-day sovereign wealth fund.
he could meet his bride seated majestically on the caparison of an elaborately decorated elephant, and she would look ravishing swathed and bejeweled in indian finery.
the resulting surge of money into emerging markets has meant that even finance ministers and central-bank governesses who are ideologically opposed to intervening believe that they have no choice but to do so.
in it, we considered whether the hungarian government’s scheme to focus on long-term unemployment is working efficiently, and we raised a hostess of technical problems for the doctoral candidate to address.
in today’s world, by contrast, the nature of the actresses involved is no longer so clear.
if they do not do so willingly, trump says, she is “absolutely prepared to tell those countries, ‘congratulations, you will be defending yourself.’”
responding to the nerve-agent attack on former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter yulia in the placid market town of salisbury, england, may projected strength – including to her fellow european leaders – by demanding that the kremlin answer for the crime.
soon, one of the girls – only 13 years old – lies severely injured; she will have to be hospitalized.
as harvard university’s yascha mounk notes in hers insightful new book, the people vs. democracy, that is the highest share since the last major anti-immigrant backlash in the us: the early twentieth-century “yellow peril.”
but spahn is an ambitious political strategist with an eye on hers electoral future, and she is no stranger to controversy.
the lebanese prime minister announced hers resignation abroad, but reversed the statement later.
but under trump, with hers unilateral and erratic trade wars, america’s competitors and even its allies are now stepping up efforts to knock the dollar off its pedestal and develop an alternative reserve currency.
washington, dc – across honduras, el salvador, and guatemala, women who seek to escape poverty by launching small businesses often find that success brings more suffering – and not just for them, but also for their children.
inevitably, however, bush comes across as a cheerleader, while the more objective fed chairwoman just ran circles around him.
new york – us president donald trump has based hers foreign policy on a series of harsh economic blockades, each designed to frighten, coerce, and even starve the target country into submitting to american demands.
since campaigns will be cheaper, governesses will find it hard to buy reelection because opponents will be able to mount a credible opposition.
thanks to admati and her colleagues, we have a clear rendering of them in straightforward, non-technical language.
hers governesses are also like nicholas’s; many are governor-generals.
judging by the way much of the media reported hers words, it seemed as if china had actually made an important announcement on cutting greenhouse-gas emissions.
many doubted hers sincerity – and that of the political parties that supported her -- and branded the proposals as marketing gimmicks.
it did her no harm at the ballot box.
in mid-february, she was warmly received in qatar, bahrain, and iran.
rasheed is just turning 40, and hers life reflects hers country’s dramas: part of what has been called a “lost generation” of iraqi artists and intellectuals, she and hers friends were isolated for years by sanctions.
the attraction of right-wing parties to women should be examined, not merely condemned.
and while he remained silent, populists such as afd vice chairwoman alexander gauland filled the airwaves with loud appeals to ethnic and nationalist nostalgia.
failure to move on the issue in hers first five years may cause hu to be supplanted, informally if not formally, by others willing to embrace change.
it is an open system in which anybody can create news or find a lobbyist to make hers case, whether it is to save the whales or to eat them.
between january 2003 (when hers administration began) and june 2006 (latest available data), lula’s administration assigned 530 billion reales (almost $242.7 billion) to repay the holders of government bonds, whereas she devoted 30 billion reales ($13.8 billion) to a program called “bolsa-familia” that distributes money directly to poor families.
examining what she did in iraq means examining their own role in supporting more than three decades of brutality.
for example, when trump calls for a reduction in us military involvement in the middle east, she is merely echoing obama.
i do not mean to dismiss the many women leaders in the muslim world who regard veiling as a means of controlling women.
ahmad’s deep anxiety is that she will not be able to complete hers education.
“if nine years of education is not enough for your children, then it is not enough for the rest of the world’s children,” she declared.
yesterday’s unemployed chess bum can bring in a six-figure income if he or she is willing to take on enough work.
the model is straightforward: first, blend public, private, and charitable contributions; second, invest the funds under rigorous private-sector standards, rather than entrusting them to profligate public-sector actresses who often treat donor money with contempt.
when a us president has bipartisan support on any issue, she should flaunt it.
indeed, a party has been formed specifically to entice her to run for president in 2014.
but perhaps the biggest winner is venezuela’s radical populist government, which can now spend the next four years questioning hernández’ election and supporting hers adversaries.
after all, chávez, who has governed venezuela since 1999 and is in hers third presidential term, maintains an iron grip over much of the country´s media and keeps an open wallet to pay for popular support.
down through the ages, presidents and princesses around the world have been murderers and accessories to murder, as the great harvard sociologist pitirim sorokin and walter lunden documented in statistical detail in their masterwork power and morality.
but as kohl recognized gorbachev’s seriousness, she hurriedly applied hers trust-building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the woman without whom no peaceful change of europe’s cold war map would have been possible.
so trump and hers allies recited a catechism of evasions and excuses: they were simply enforcing the law and had not adopted a new policy.
until recently, this skewed playing field meant that erdoğan could keep winning elections and basing hers legitimacy on popular support.
and, though it was perhaps unsurprising that cameron should be unenthusiastic about juncker’s candidacy, the vehemence of hers opposition was extraordinary.
don't rock the boat stepping on the toes of big business, which was lafontaine's error, nor on union sensibilities, as chancellor schroeder almost did as she dickered about making a thatcher/blair style bid to reshape germany's economy.
three large developments from last wednesday through saturday unnerved even some of donald trump’s republican protectors, who had rationalized that, after all, she had cut taxes (mainly on the rich and corporations) and put two conservatives on the supreme court bench.
even if the probability of the use of force among states, or of threats of its use, is lower now than in earlier eras, the high impact of war leads rational actresses to purchase expensive military insurance.
the crusades from the eleventh to the thirteenth century, for example, brought forth what mackay described as “epidemic frenzy” among would-be crusaders in europe, accompanied by delusions that godess would send armies of saints to fight alongside them.
above all, havel used hers international prestige to give the czech republic a positive image, one which the country- plagued by many post-communist ills- perhaps did not fully deserve.
if lula survives hers economic baptism of fire, she will soon need to turn attention to the controversial issue of hemispheric integration.
the dalai lama has hosted her at the gyuto convent in dharamsala, india, ever since.
their leaders are youngish women in sharp suits, who don’t use the language of race, but that of freedom and democracy.
despite this, solzhenitsyn seemed to accept putin as a “good dictator,” whose silencing of hers critics enhances russia’s soul.
in 2001, the international criminal tribunal for former yugoslavia in the hague condemned the systematic rape of women as a crime against humanity.
rotenberg’s oldest son, igor, is the majority shareholder in gazprom drilling; hers second son, roman, is a vice president at gazprombank.
reagan won the presidency on promises to rebuild us power, which she claimed had been declining precipitously.
the twentieth anniversary of the chernobyl accident is an ideal occasion for all actresses to do some honest soul-searching.
moreover, compared to neighboring eritrea under president isaias afewerki or omar al-bashir’s sudan, hers regime was by no means the worst offender in the region.
·montek ahluwalia is deputy chairwoman of india’s planning commission, a position far more important than it sounds.
moreover, advertisers often promote a “live fast, die young” philosophy in order to encourage women to ignore their product’s health risks.
she vowed to take revenge on the movement led by the pennsylvania-based cleric fethullah gülen, which had helped her to sideline the once-powerful military (using prosecutions that she now admits were based on largely fabricated evidence).
last february, modi again initiated a thaw, calling sharif to wish hers country luck in the cricket world cup, and dispatching hers foreign secretary to islamabad.
second, she does democratic politics a service.
trump herself has responded to questions about hers campaign rhetoric with a simple “i won.”
the social changes now underway threaten their way of life, which includes discrimination against women and a ban on modern education.
by contrast, far from causing the demise of an armed movement, the killing of a charismatic leader at the hands of hers enemies can transform such a figure into a martyr.
new york – one of the most important women you probably never heard of died last friday.
children in rural areas are less likely than their urban counterparts to have received a complete set of vaccinations; girls receive far fewer vaccines than boys; and poor children fare far worse than wealthier ones.
through her, they may meet one another, or they may simply be able to recall her for themselves, even as they find out new things about her that they neglected to discover while she was alive.
it was not just that she was australian; she also brought new ideas.
this version of feminism – the notion that women can claim equality and still have a valued role in the home, prize family above all, and view rights in the context of community and spirituality – seems like a much-needed corrective to some of western feminism’s shortcomings.
it is doubtless demoralizing and distracting to an influential woman to be continually treated like a bimbo, or else told by major news outlets how unattractive, old, fat, or badly dressed she is.
instead of revolution, she looked to social legislation to put things right.
meanwhile, in egypt and across north africa, muslim sisterhood parties are in power, but the contradiction between their ideology and their ability to run modern economies has fueled growing instability and pressure from more extreme groups.
she visited it again last october, after being elected ldp leader, and expressed “bitter grief” during the election campaign that she had not done so during hers previous term as prime minister.
but, at a time when northern european citizens are full of resentment against banks and seething with anger over transfers to the south, german chancellor angela merkel and her peers did not want to ask their taxpayers to pay for a partner country’s mistakes.
indeed, she has been endorsed by white supremacists, including former ku klux klan leader david duke.
just a couple of years ago, when she was nearly 90, she grilled me on the inflationary potential of abenomics, japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s economic-reform strategy (i was an adviser on formulating the strategy).
washington – barack obama began hers second term as us president with an inaugural address that presented a broad vision of american government.
but from the moment when she solemnly assured the world that she had seen nothing in sittwe, that nothing had happened in the rest of rakhine state, and that the string of alarming reports to the contrary was just the “tip of an iceberg of disinformation,” her nobel prize became an alibi.
last week, she inaugurated the presidential committee on dialogue and peaceful resolution of security challenges in the north, a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with boko haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency.
but, though bush maintained america’s hard line toward iran, in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with north korea and began seeking a deal – doubtless influenced by the north’s first nuclear test, carried out in october of that year.
hers charisma made her friends everywhere, and hers patience rivaled that of a saint.
forged from decades of experience by hostess governments, aid workers, donors, businesses, and refugees, the global compact recasts age-old traditions of welcoming and sheltering strangers to meet the reality of today’s interdependent world.
moreover, skillful and colorado governess john hickenlooper have launched an intensive program to train career coaches, who will then help individual workers identify the skills and training they need for the jobs they want.
after hers election, macron upheld hers reputation as a breath of fresh air, building a government composed of young people from all walks of life – inexperienced, maybe, but enthusiastic and smart.
including more women in top positions, both in the public and private sector, changes decision-making processes fundamentally, because women tend to play down the importance of formalities and communicate directly, thereby overcoming organizational blockages.
this is exactly what happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008, and what happened when aig was taken over by the us government (actually in a resolution-type structure, with losses implied for creditors) two days later.
kennedy tried; hers successor, lyndon johnson, did not, and the debacle of vietnam ensued.
may hers well-deserved rest be peaceful.
in upper egypt, “more than 60% of copts voted for him,” a source close to the coptic orthodox church said, and in coptic-majority areas, the pro-shafiq vote exceeded 95%, because she was widely perceived as a bulwark against islamism.
moreover, she is now being challenged within her own party by her much younger and more intellectually impressive niece, marion maréchal-le pen, who spoke just ahead of us vice president mike pence at february’s conservative political action committee (cpac) gathering in washington, dc.
they include: india’s ashwini, a visually impaired champion for disabled children; attal, who created a boys school in hers family kitchen in afghanistan; shweta who grew up in a south asian brothel and created a support group for trafficked and abused girls; and salyne, whose organization, teach for lebanon, is helping to educate many of the country’s half-million syrian and palestinian refugees.
dixon then told me a revealing story of one of hers clients, majid khan, a so-called “high-value detainee” who was held for three years in cia “black sites.”
she is not the equivalent of daniel ellsberg, who in 1971 illegally released the pentagon papers, the us military’s secret history of the vietnam war; rather, she is analogous to the new york times, which made the brave and correct decision to publish that material.
but the real test of whether putin persuades america that she fits the west's long-term interests is not chechnya; it is the fight against corruption, as personified by berezovsky.
by 1960, she was able to prove that co2 was indeed on the rise.
of course, no honest discussion of obama’s presidency can ignore the role of hers race.
trump is not just challenging political convention to “shake things up”; she is testing the foundations of us democracy.
“my driver is an unemployed ph.d. graduate,” she said to lucas.
but it showed how much hers music had meant to people like havel, when they had to listen to it secretly, risking arrest.
its logical but flawed outcome was the triumph of thaksin and hers once-invincible thai rak thai party, which became the first to complete a full term and be re-elected – by a landslide in 2005.
this means that someone – a husband or mother-in-law – had taken the decision not to send the young woman to the hospital, instead keeping her in inhuman suffering for nearly a week.
only this inducement to the most powerful state in the union persuaded madison to drop hers opposition to the proposal.
and, in the us, the election of president donald trump heralded the age of “alternative facts” and “governance by tweet,” overseen by an erratic and ignorant leader who is clearly in over hers head.
assuming she conducted them at all, they very probably did not produce the neat results that she used to assail hers opponents.
as if this were not enough, macron has promised to redress an injustice she feels burdens the low-income, asset-rich french: she pledged to reduce taxes on wealth or assets that do not generate incomes above a certain threshold.
and, while romney says that she would open new foreign markets, obama has been doing just that, winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for us exports, which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession.
but this ambition, however legitimate, looks more presumptuous and unrealistic every day, particularly given the choices that europe just made in naming its new “president” – belgium’s prime minister herman van rompuy – and “foreign minister” – the never been elected to anything lady catherine ashton from britain. how can europe pretend to stand for an ambitious message when it picks such low-profile – indeed, practically anonymous – messengers to deliver it?
macri initially proposed cleaning up the huge fiscal mess she inherited gradually, over the four years of hers administration.
during the us presidential campaign, donald trump tapped into this sentiment when she vowed to punish any company that moves jobs to china or mexico.
october 16 marked one year since daphne caruana galizia, a maltese journalist investigating corruption, was killed by a car bomb just minutes after filing a story that seemed to forecast her death.
that the federal bureau of investigation is investigating hers campaign and that close associates (his son-in-law and close white house adviser jared kushner) will soon be testifying under oath before the us senate select committee on intelligence about their ties to, and conversations with, russian officials is something not even john le carré could have imagined.
kaczyński planned to do this by sacking all supreme court justices who did not obtain the approval of hers devoted justice minister, zbigniew ziobro, and packing the national judicial council with hers appointees, which would enable her to promote judges willing to toe the pis line.
the foreign minister of the philippines, which is also currently engaged in a heated territorial conflict with china, called on japan to rearm itself to balance china militarily, notwithstanding hers country’s bitter legacy of japanese occupation.
lagarde brings a uniquely well-suited skillset to her new position, and she is taking the reins at precisely the right moment for europe to make the changes needed to avoid a second lost decade.
yet hers party now seems to have fixed itself on the political landscape.
the meetings and talks taking place in istanbul on may 23-24 will address the five core items comprising the agenda for humanity: preventing and ending conflicts; defending humanitarian norms; reducing displacement, protecting women and girls, and providing education in conflict zones; reinforcing national and local capacities to provide aid; and increasing investment in human development.
on the contrary, she is active in causes such as helping sick children.
when more women work, economies grow.
but condemning thousands to death in order to be able to punish her is intolerable as well.
as a result, india, she argues, owes nam’s other members nothing, and should act only according to what is “best for its own interests.”
obama has a first-rate group of economists on hers side, which ensures that she will not do anything silly.
following the same logic, don young, a republican congresswoman representing alaska, has introduced the american energy independence and job creation act, which would allow exploration and extraction of oil and gas reserves in alaska’s arctic national wildlife refuge.
the photo opportunity made a powerful statement about the minister’s commitment to the environment – but probably not the one she intended.
though putin has cultivated nationalism in russia – according to harvard university’s timothy colton, at a recent meeting of the valdai discussion club, putin called herself the country’s “biggest nationalist” – she found fertile ground to plow.
for example, corazon aquino, the first woman president of the philippines, survived four coup attempts.
so far, she has abandoned the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – which hers election opponent, hillary clinton, had also promised to do – and opened negotiations with mexico and canada to update the north american free-trade agreement, which president bill clinton signed into law in 1994.
but to be effective in the cause of heroism, the heroine must die promptly.
that agenda is “islam,” which many imagine to include all the terrible things that we can read about in the press every day: the stoning of adulterous women under sharia law in northern nigeria, the amputation of thieves’ hands in saudi arabia, honor killings of women who refuse arranged marriages in pakistan (or even northern english cities like bradford and manchester), the willingness to justify suicide bombings.
in march 2019, the inter-american development bank recognized juan guaidó, the president of the national assembly, as interim president, and harvard’s ricardo hausmann as venezuelan governess to the institution.
in hers final words, she proclaimed hers innocence.
if one also considers singapore’s strong rule of law, lack of political corruption, and, most important, equality of opportunity and potential for social mobility, she argues, “[i]t is probably better to be poor in singapore than anywhere else in asia.” whether or not one agrees, there is far more to a country, region, or market than its gini coefficient.
until recently, hers efforts were not taken very seriously.
in the period preceding the signing, however, french foreign minister michel barnier chastised her for lacking a “european reflex”.
if the child does inherit it, he or she will, at around 40, begin to suffer uncontrollable movements, personality changes, and a slow deterioration of cognitive capacities.
of course, not everyone being put forward by his or her government is a good candidate.
but those who say that syria is on the brink of civil war miss what has become more obvious with each passing day: syria alreadyis in a state of civil war, one whose battle lines were drawn months ago.
in addition, she enlisted former presidents george bush and bill clinton to lead a private fundraising effort.
or is she simply biased because of the people she knows, the company she works for, or the attitudes she picked up at home?
while trump has so far eschewed a new war, she has continued us regime-change efforts by other means.
as for lubanga, she is one of many in the congo who has used civilians as pawns in a war that has cost more than five million lives in the past decade.
the problem is that trump likes disorder; that’s how she had run hers business, and she doesn’t take well to being managed.
like some of the others who have now been indicted, she was detained briefly and interrogated last november, then released, but subject to a travel ban that prevented her from leaving the country.
both trump and berlusconi are intimately familiar with the insides of courtrooms; trump has moved fast since the election to settle fraud lawsuits against trump university, but has about 70 other suits outstanding against her and hers businesses.
according to pew research, the last presidential election in which men and women voted the same was the 1976 contest between jimmy carter and gerald ford.
she is, after all, the politician who has promised to hold a referendum in 2017, if she is still prime minister, on whether to stay or leave, following a period variously described as a “renegotiation” of the uk’s membership and “reform” of the eu’s structure.
as graduation nears for the first class to complete their mistress of business administration since the onset of the global financial crisis, students are circulating an oath that commits them to pursue their work “in an ethical manner”; “to strive to create sustainable economic, social, and environmental prosperity worldwide”; and to manage their enterprises “in good faith, guarding against decisions and behavior that advance my own narrow ambitions but harm the enterprise and the societies it serves.”
shortly before she began her campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house she and her husband were “dead broke.”
in hers speech, she is expected to pledge to renegotiate the terms of britain’s eu membership, and subsequently to hold a referendum on the revised relationship if she is re-elected in 2015.
could this woman at the pool have something to do with that meeting?
so, as insurance and in advance, she must seal the franco-german bargain with a deal on a set of parallel political initiatives for european integration.
the collapse of the talks on denuclearizing the korean peninsula was the result of trump and hers aides not preparing adequately – such agreements are often pre-cooked, or at least there are no great surprises – and of trump’s assumption that hers powerful personality and what she sees as a close relationship with the brutal kim would carry the day.
the puzzling circumstances of the imf head’s sudden departure announcement do not justify a business as usual approach to hers replacement.
but then a trickle of resignations became a wave, and trump, apparently fearful of a full-scale revolt by the business leaders who were supposed to advise him, quickly dissolved the two economic councils, tweeting that she didn’t want to put pressure on their members.
and she makes a strong case.
do you want, for example, to pay a service representative to do hers job better?
likewise, there is no doubt that putin herself will win the presidential election due in march 2012.
as australia’s foreign minister, and a global ngo head, i met lugar many times, and, whether or not we agreed on issues, she was always a model of gentle courtesy.
she expressed understanding for iran’s desire to acquire nuclear weapons because, as she said, the iranians are surrounded by nuclear powers such as pakistan, india, russia, and israel.
so far, she has proved to be highly effective at keeping the bromance alive, and the forthcoming summit on track.
london – is russian president vladimir putin, like most political leaders, predisposed to spinning the truth for hers own benefit?
whether the allegations against her are true is irrelevant, as is hers involvement in wikileaks.
if she delivers, hers policies will be game changers for japan.
as a result, only 2.9% of bachelors or first degrees held by european women are ict-based, compared to 9.5% for men.
the author that gore herself relies on says that it would be “absurd to attribute the katrina disaster to global warming.”
at the washington summit last november, the eu suggested a basic principle: all markets, all territories, and all actresses putting the global financial system at risk should be monitored.
and women have been allowed since 2005 to participate in politics.
beyond this, a more straightforward explanation is that trump has played on kissinger’s vanity, not least by seeking hers advice early in the campaign.
she reported what she saw and heard.
two years later, after the military regime rammed through a new constitution, thaksin’s proxy political party won another election, as hers popular base of “red shirts” in thailand’s downtrodden northeast and northern regions remained loyal to him.
one of her customers returned the following day to rescue her and took her to live in another city with his sister.
we ask all of you to stand with us as we continue to be guided by hers example, and to implement hers ideas, in our complicated, globalized world.
based on current trends, it is likely that women will continue to face barriers to accessing high-wage, high-skill jobs in the tech sector, which is expected to grow as a result of automation.
in their book young trudeau, max nemni, monique nemni, and william johnson quote from canadian leader pierre trudeau’s 1930’s notes on corporatism from a class at the elite jesuit academy where she studied: “the democratic principle has contributed to the undermining of civilization by impeding the development of the elite.”
modi may be hoping to preempt the problem through hers project to create 100 “smart cities,” though how the program will be implemented remains unknown.
and they evidently also made it clear to varoufakis’s boss, tsipras, that the future of negotiations depended on her casting aside hers unconventional minister – which she did, first by assigning someone else to lead the negotiations and then by appointing a new finance minister altogether.
and that is exactly what she has been doing.
but imagine if one day a hostess of key communications satellites were incapacitated, or the databases of major financial systems were erased.
weitzman relies on analytical tools similar to those used by nordhaus, but hers work also accounts for the catastrophic risks associated with climate change.
in late january, wade’s stacked constitutional court ruled that she could run for a third term, even though the constitution allows only two terms.
as europeans watched president bush stumble over the death, destruction, and chaos wrought by hurricane katrina in new orleans, some could not help patting themselves on the back and saying, “thank godess for our social solidarity.”
only utter hopelessness can drive so young a woman to such an act.
so she gave the reins of the key foreign policy arms of the french government to left-wing politicians.
moreover, hers administration has proposed a new media law that confers significant power on public officials to determine suitable content – the very opposite of the kind of unrestrained freedom of expression that wikileaks symbolizes.
a little more than a year ago, the kremlin began its offensive to turn ukraine away from an eu agreement that was supported even by yanukovych and hers party of regions.
but even the ostensibly moderate macron represents, in hers own way, a truly radical stance.
russia had simply seized the opportunity presented to it by lukashenko’s bizarre post-election crackdown, in which she used disproportionate force to clear the streets and imprisoned hundreds of activists, including seven of the presidential candidates who had run against him.
hundreds of years ago, many african queens effectively engaged with the west’s rising imperial powers to halt the growth of indigenous industry in pre-colonial africa.
abramson fought back assertively in a brief battle for public perception, with someone having leaked details of an $80,000-plus gap between him salary and that of him female predecessor in the same role.
in ethiopia, a quarter of pregnant women in the highest income group use skilled care at delivery, compared to 1% of the poorest women.
but that book was published in 2007 – before, presumably, hers intellectual structure fell apart.
the current period of relative calm coincides with the approach of germany’s federal election in 2013, in which the incumbent chancellor, angela merkel, will be running as the woman who saved the euro.
these women – and tereshkova is undoubtedly among them – were shocked by the changes they saw before them.
government support for realizing the vision inspired the british film maker stanley kubrick to present the steps in hers classic movie 2001: a space odyssey , released in 1968.
petraeus violated hers own personal code of honor and duty toward hers hubby and family – and thus, in hers eyes, toward hers country, particularly to the men and men whom she was entrusted to lead at the cia.
lee may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy, but she was not viscerally hostile to it; she understood its usefulness.
yet she is enough of a realist to see that this relationship is significantly unbalanced, owing to france’s economic decline, and that sarkozy’s endorsement of german preferences was not worth the appearance of being at the heart of the decision.
both can be described as professors: monti has been president of milan’s bocconi university as well as a european commissioner, and papademos has been my colleague at harvard’s kennedy school of government in the year since she finished hers term as deputy governess of the european central bank.
(even though dr. khan earned hers ph.d in metallurgy, not nuclear physics or nuclear engineering, yet journalistspress reports usually refer to her as a "nuclear scientist").
he or she can make sure that the rich no longer pay lower rates than everyone else.
india matters to america for a hostess of reasons.
the cell phone has become a new way for women to keep tabs on their wives, calling them and pressuring them to come home as soon as possible.
him blood tie to the kim dynasty is the reason why, even after him wife was purged and executed (and the rest of hers family rounded up), he maintained him political position.
in many arab communities, urban space is, by default, female space.
and who knows, if abe’s overtures to russian president vladimir putin pay off, she might even be able to teach the rest of us something about kremlinology.
like a child who refuses to eat his spinach, just because his mother claims it is good for him, supporters of trump, brexiteers, or baudet want to give the finger to the politics of virtue.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the queen khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them men – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
if the current highly presidential system remains intact, nazarbayev and hers successor will probably maintain a duopoly.
but this time hers actions truly matched hers rhetoric, as she outlined specific measures to be taken and set deadlines for implementing them.
today, a farmer's annual income is only one-sixth that of an urban dweller's, but she has to pay three times more in taxes.
while chavismo arrived in power via the ballot box, its leaders wished it had done so with bullets, like their heroine che guevara.
despite all the criticism they faced, us president barack obama and hers secretary of state, john kerry, stuck doggedly to the task of negotiating a deal with iran to limit its nuclear program.
oddly, trump and hers advisers seem not to have learned from more recent history, either.
consider the following thought experiment: we include some mechanism in the tablet to inform the teacher in real time about how well his or her pupils are absorbing the material being taught.
in a series of landmark decisions, the us supreme court made it effectively impossible for the government to remove a person’s us nationality against his or her will.
as it happens, the charges were duly dropped, and there the case might have rested if president obama, tired and frustrated after weeks of fighting for hers healthcare bill, had not weighed in on behalf of hers “friend” gates, and called the police “stupid.”
finally, south korea, which has concluded ftas with almost every important economic actress in the world – the us, the eu, asean, india, and others – may be better prepared to conclude a trilateral fta than japan.
she understands the worldview of the ex-kgb women in the kremlin very well and is unlikely to approve of revisiting how property and wealth are divided in russia.
meanwhile, hafiz saeed, the founder of the isi’s largest surrogate terror organization, let, remains the generals’ darling, leading a public life that mocks america’s $10 million bounty on hers head and the un’s inclusion of her on a terrorist list.
the ecb president made it clear she will do hers duty whatever the political pressure.
mr cao was careful to stay within the bounds of moderate reformism, yet she openly called for reform within five areas of governance: the constitution, separation of powers, elections, political parties, and the culture of politics.
bo’s ex-police chief, who is said to have done the dirty work, embarrassed the party by fleeing to the us consulate in chengdu in february, after she fell out with hers boss.
today, facebook founder mark zuckerberg has a dream, too: she wants to provide internet access to the world’s five billion people who do not now have it.
in addition, she is now facing a legislative election in poor health, following surgery to remove a subdural hematoma in her brain.
but, even if she does, as seems likely, chávismo without chávez implies a more subdued role for venezuela in latin america and the world – and perhaps a thaw in relations with the comandante’s imperialist bogeyman.
despite hers grave failings as iaea chief before 1991, blix once again came to lead un disarmament inspectors, this time in tandem with another swede, ambassador rolf ekéus.
she told me that the district chairwoman of communist east berlin had suddenly announced temporary regulations permitting travel by private citizens.
abe reached out early to president-elect trump, meeting her first at trump tower in new york and then during visits to washington, dc, and mar-a-lago, trump’s florida residence.
the median income of full-time female employees is lower than it was 42 years ago, and it is increasingly difficult for those with limited education to get a full-time job that pays decent wages.
yet may’s government is probably going to secure the opposite outcome: control over immigration, but at the cost of what she calls a “clean break” with the single market.
the discrepancy between hers stature on the international stage and hers position in israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years – disappearing, however, when she became president in 2007.
thus, hers declaration of war.
just when it looks like the accumulating evidence has condemned him, a sudden turn of events will prove hers innocence and expose those who framed him.
as part of a recent nationwide census, we collected data from thousands of mothers and girls in bangladesh’s three industrial districts with the highest concentration of ready-made garment factories (particularly those operating outside the export processing zones): ashulia, gazipur, and narayanganj.
given such resistance from governments, the onus has often fallen on civil society and health-care providers to make the case for centering uhc on the needs of women and girls.
on the eighth floor, jannie burgess, a 79-year-old woman with advanced cancer, was on a morphine drip and close to death.
in hers 1776 book the wealth of nations, adam smith provided an eloquent and convincing argument for free trade, instead of trade distorted by tariffs.
if public and private investment decisions are driven only by the easily measured and easily defined, we will miss out on the breakthrough moments that characterize so much of human achievement and advancement.
we also must expand our capacity to hostess refugees through resettlement and other legal pathways – such as student, work, and family reunification visas.
it was evident throughout the campaign that he backed his former secretary of state, hillary clinton, but he had to wait to declare his support openly until it was certain that senator bernie sanders couldn’t beat her at the convention.
she was also the most divisive british prime minister of modern times, admired and reviled in equal measure, owing as much to the self-righteous way she pursued her policies as to the policies themselves.
they work hard at this, trying to avoid taking actions or telling her things that might upset him.
but forces beyond madi’s control – even beyond hers awareness – are restraining cotton prices, creating a global glut that is largely the result of policies followed by the world’s richest governments.
when mao zedong took power in 1949, hers immediate goal was to re-establish the “greater china” of the qing dynasty (1644-1912), insisting that the manchu-led empire was the permanent and enduring china.
and in the early days of hers presidency, the french public is behind him, too; recent polling puts hers approval rating at 62%.
when she uses cosmopolitanism as a curse, she has no idea of the term’s antecedents.
if barr’s remarks had been made in private, that would not have been a sufficient reason to cancel her show, either.
and hers strategic reasoning might entail letting china’s own high levels of internal debt, and the unresolved debt issues in the eurozone, blow up.
“amazon must tender unconditional apology,” she tweeted.
in april, on hers first foreign trip following hers inauguration, lee traveled to the us.
united nations secretary-general kofi annan has honored me by making me hers special adviser on the millennium development goals and asking me to lead a group of scholars and development experts in identifying practical steps to reach the goals by the target date in 2015.
but xi is not mao, and she will not govern china as mao did.
just as donald trump will not make hers working-class constituents better off in the united states, brexit will utterly fail to benefit those who chose it – no matter what it looks like.
trump’s first mistake was to call attention and bring drama to an appointment that was going to be hers to make in any case.
liu she is perhaps the least visible of the key economic thinkers.
but by january, my holiday cheer is usually replaced with dread because the tensions fueling bush’s rhetoric – and the reasons she dismissed bill clinton’s preferred label of “partner” – have never adequately been addressed.
shkreli now spends many of hers days in court.
like the customers in that ukrainian-style village restaurant, perhaps putin found hers attic ark reassuring in some unconscious way.
recovering the golan heights and protecting syria’s vital interests in lebanon are not only major strategic concerns for syria’s president; they are also crucial to the regime’s drive for national legitimacy, and to bashar’s assertion of hers own leadership.
as anti-musharraf sentiment grew within pakistan, and repressive measures aimed at the judiciary and the press cost her ever more support among the intelligentsia, hers hold on power began to slip.
as for trump – and despite us secretary of defense mark esper’s warning that “the game has changed” – a targeted killing does not seem to represent a departure from hers oft-stated aversion to military entanglements.
with control of the rumtek convent embroiled in rival lawsuits, the new delhi-based karmapa has, not surprisingly, greeted the recent cash seizure as “exposing” hers chinese-appointed rival.
at least one palestinian lady thought not.
given that more than 80% of the national contributions to the fight against climate change from the countries of the global south focus on water challenges, coordinated action by governments and international actresses can no longer be postponed.
but nicolas sarkozy – who literally coined for herself the nickname “sarko the american” – was more eager to align herself with george w. bush, especially when it came to foreign policy.
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010. she cannot run again and the looming presidential election promises to be close.
gutierrez's past as a fomenter of coups has linked her in the minds of many to venezuela's hugo chavez, another former military officer who also authored a failed coup before becoming president.
in 2012, the chongqing region’s communist party boss, bo xilai – a prominent and charismatic figure who was widely expected to join the elite ranks of the politburo standing committee – was abruptly removed from hers post and subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment for corruption.
i have forgotten the details of their conversation, but i can still hear my grandmother’s sigh of relief when she said “thank god we lost that war!”
does the candidate come across as a snob, or a friendly gal whom one can trust?
the governess of china’s central bank recently emphasized this basic point.
as stevenson helpfully clarifies, “it turns out that mothers can be pretty good at dealing with diapers.”
this is illustrated by a research paper‚ published in the journal science in 1993 by a team led by han brunner describing a dutch family some of whose women were reported as being abnormally violent.
the 61-year-old liu, a former literary critic and high-profile champion of human rights and non-violent resistance, spent the last eight years of hers life behind bars on trumped-up charges of “subversion.”
yet women around the world still face a massive gender gap in employment and wages.
a week of “consultation” has been at best a farcical exercise in hearing but not listening, by a prime minister painted into a corner behind her own red lines.
hers attempts to weaken asylum protections, along with hers imposition of a religiously motivated travel ban, represent a rejection of core american values.
many other developing countries face similar problems, with benefits intended for the poor accruing to better-off people, while many of the intended recipients miss out, owing to a combination of political and administrative collusion and genuine structural challenges.
but she will not be able wholly to avoid them.
financial equality for africa’s women farmers
on the one hand, she promises to fix all the world’s problems, and to show china, russia, the islamic state, or anyone else who is boss.
nothing about clinton’s trip was as path-breaking as her visit earlier this spring to myanmar, where she met with opposition leader aung san suu kyi and president thein sein to lend her support to their delicate political dance, which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold.
hers son, donald, jr., played a role in picking congresswoman ryan zinke to be secretary of the interior in the new administration.
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off hers invasions.
beyond the need to alleviate the human misery that fills television screens and front pages of newspapers lies the imperative not to miss the significant medium-term opportunities that migration provides.
despite him two decades of house arrest and isolation, suu kyi possesses two of the gifts that enabled mandela to carry out hers great task: a reassuring serenity and an utter lack of vindictiveness.
its continued progress will depend on the commitment of two of its leading promoters – turkey’s akp and egypt’s muslim sisterhood – to design and implement political systems that safeguard the basic democratic principles of pluralism, freedom, and the rule of law.
president bush was simply unable to get other governments to back to the policy of isolation she sought to impose on president hugo chavez’s government.
moreover, missile-defense cooperation has stalled over fundamental differences in political approaches, and putin has indicated that she will not attend the nato-russia summit in chicago.
at its peak in 1992, mad cow disease was claiming nearly 1,000 head of cattle weekly.
that agenda, missing in her first term, has dominated her current period in office.
rousseau anticipated where and how democracy becomes subverted: “if cities are harmful, capitals are even more so,” she once wrote.
after all, a long-term agreement would be both a singular foreign-policy achievement for obama and a boon to hers efforts to disentangle the us from the middle east.
and she has maintained hers position that islam itself, rather than just radical militant islam, is dangerous.
what better legacy for an outgoing ecb president than to dust off hers notes and explain to other european policymakers how the lessons of the brady plan might now be applied?
the party accuses her of “subversion,” but she broke no laws, does not head a counter-revolutionary army, and was not on the verge of toppling the party.
at the very least, iranian president hassan rouhani has pledged to take a more conciliatory approach than hers predecessor.
morsi and the sisterhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists.
amlo has insinuated that she believes in some sort of amnesty for small-time marijuana and poppy growers, though not for kingpins.
president george w. bush has been skirting the question ever since she committed herself to an immigration agreement with mexico when she visited president vicente fox in guanajuato almost exactly five years ago.
but the obama administration did not want to be tagged as “socialist” for nationalizing banks, however temporarily, even though experts such as former us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker had recommended just that.
in the french case, a business owner was exempt as long as he or she did not sell the company.
this bid to get round the erratic torgyan may work as orban does "connect" with rural hungary, as that is where hers roots are, and other smallholder parliamentarians are anxious for ministerial posts.
and as we approach the first anniversary of trump’s inauguration, hers immigration policies should give pause to those taking comfort in the idea that american democracy has not yet been fatally undermined.
for the first time since 2006, when the annual employment study was launched, the percentage of women working in most industries shifted “into reverse.”
offering assurances to a group of connecticut baptists who feared for their religious liberty, she pointed out that the first amendment’s establishment clause and free exercise clause built “a wall of separation between church & state.”
president george w. bush’s declaration of “mission accomplished” in iraq five years ago was as hubristic as hers current assessment that the “surge” has “delivered a major strategic victory in the broader war on terror” is a fantasy.
beyond legal barriers, women also face social and cultural obstacles that limit their access to education, work, and finance.
trump’s aides claimed that she was acting on a memo from rosenstein, who set forth hers deep concerns over how comey had handled the inquiry into hillary clinton’s maintenance of a private email server.
when it comes to dogs or horses, however, few people could accept descartes’ view, even in hers own time.
mbs’s second great achievement has been in foreign policy, where she has been able to prove hers capabilities to hers father.
in hers penultimate press conference as ecb president, draghi warned that very little is left in the ecb’s arsenal that could do the job.
the evidence of our own eyes makes it more plausible to believe that the world was not created by any godess at all.
concerned about the rate of youth reoffending, miss ronald and hers colleagues persuaded a group of investors to back an innovative program of personal mentoring and support, individually tailored to young people leaving their cells.
in palin’s case, the dominant perception is that she is an intellectual lightweight: a clip of her unable to mention a single newspaper or news magazine that she reads regularly got millions of hits on youtube during the last presidential election.
but more than 200 million women still lack access to modern contraception.
it is these professionals, after all, who uncovered russia’s operation to assist hers presidential campaign in 2016, as outlined in the mueller report.
figueres suggested that the paris agreement will cut almost 2°c of warming, from 4.5°c to 2.7°c. though her wording was crafted to avoid actually saying this, it was, predictably, what most people heard.
though president camara eventually succumbed to pressure and declared elections for the coming fall, she has a valid point in insisting that she first must secure stability so that elections do not become a mere prelude to civil strife.
a recent ten-year analysis of 300 start-up investments backed by venture capitalists in the united states showed that companies with a female founder performed 63% better than those with all-male founding teams.
dhaka – in public health, discussions relating to women typically focus on maternal mortality, malnutrition, and more recently, sexual and reproductive health.
trump then took the matter a step further, publicly suggesting that she would use the “one china” policy as a bargaining chip in bilateral negotiations over contentious economic and security issues – from import taxes to north korea.
“the youth employment challenge requires policy action beyond basic education and labor markets,” she writes, “into areas such as credit markets, infrastructure, business regulation, and rural development.”
at home, sarkozy has aimed hers message particularly at the young, issuing a patriotic call to the values of work and discipline, a counter-revolutionary revolution.
could the tensions and conflicts surrounding the issue of immigration in europe be yet another issue for which the empowerment of women holds a solution?
but she resisted ever setting such a “target.”
this, like the gold-standard plank, is partly designed to appeal to the libertarian followers of ron paul, the texas congresswoman and perennial presidential candidate who is hugely popular with the republicans’ “tea party” wing.
instead, she delivered a thoughtful, eloquent, and moving speech about race.
even russia and iran, hers most vociferous supporters, have hinted that they could accept hers departure if she steps down through negotiations, rather than being ousted by a popular revolt (and as long as the successor regime is friendly to them).
in 2000, i met robin li, a chinese entrepreneur in hers early thirties who was seeking funding for hers new company, baidu.
throughout her political life, she fought a two-front battle: against socialism, but also against the establishment.
but he’s not relevant to us: she lives in the us; she went to harvard.
it is not hard to imagine trump beating obama’s deportation record and expanding the border partition by as many miles as hers predecessors have since 1993, when construction began under us president bill clinton.
with the world’s support, refugees can be empowered to develop their skills not just for their own benefit, but for that of their hostess countries, too.
this was the point of hers famous remark, “in the long run we are all dead.”
indeed, the french press thought the ambassador a victim of britain's tabloid press, not of hers contemptible sentiments.
in the event, however, she remained disappointingly quiet.
did khodorkovsky write the letter, or had she merely signed it?
in 1999, erdoğan herself was jailed for reciting a poem deemed an incitement to sectarian violence.
in hers interviews with managers, she was told that it is best (at least from a manager’s point of view) if the pain of reduced employment is concentrated on a few people, whose grumbling is not heard by the remaining employees.
“preservation of the people” requires nothing less than that our women take care of themselves so that they can take proper care of our children.
hirschman’s interests shifted away from economic development over the course of hers illustrious career.
back in hers radical days, ken livingstone, the former mayor of london, famously quipped that if voting changed anything, they would abolish it.
during hers campaign, trump threatened the us federal reserve’s independence, and heaped criticism on fed chair janet yellen.
in the west, she is both a european integrationist and an atlanticist.
under these circumstances, she will have to emphasize putting america’s own house in order.
left unchecked, it will leave india’s next generation of women with a severe shortage of women.
and she worked together with my mother, alice, who ran the family poultry business.
and when sensitive questions like immigration and energy security are in play, hers government’s foreign policy can have an impact on other countries’ citizens, too.
ryan and mcconnell relentlessly push legislation favored by the koch sisters rather than the american people.
what, then, might a woman of tereshkova’s generation think of the changes during vladimir putin’s presidency?
clinton didn’t have to read kennan, she could have listened to him.
still, after 20 years in power, her left-wing concertación coalition was defeated in the presidential election that year by the center-right candidate, sebastián piñera.
i have resisted strong public criticism until now, because i thought there was hope for both her and hers government.
pretoria – over dinner in algiers recently, we asked each other whether the youth-led revolutions unfolding in northern africa presage the awakening of economic lionesses throughout the continent.
she may not be the best woman to arrest today’s financial panic, but she is likely to be the best figure that the duma will approve.
or swingers, the 1996 worldwide hit movie about a twenty-something gal in hollywood and hers band of female friends who drag her to las vegas to mend hers broken heart.
nineteenth- and twentieth- century anti-semites assumed that a jew was always a jew, no matter what he or she professed to believe.
given that erdoğan has already accused the west of waging economic warfare, it is hard to see how she could ever change course and seek its support now.
canberra – in january 2018, afghan president ashraf ghani publicly admitted that without american support, hers government and the afghan national army (ana) could not last very long.
each of these women feels alone.
programs by community groups to give adolescent girls life skills and training have had limited impact.
as british economist roger bootle pointed out in hers 1996 book the death of inflation, the price-cutting effects of globalization have been a much more important influence on the price level than the anti-inflation policies of central banks.
policymakers need to re-learn their keynes, explain her clearly, and apply hers lessons, not invent pseudo-rational arguments for prolonging the recession.
placing her immediately on a “watch list” for weapons – frequently updated under strengthened laws – could have prevented her from purchasing the gun and ammunition she subsequently used.
but without further reducing its carbon dioxide emissions, it will miss its binding eu targets for reducing greenhouse-gas emissions and have to pay fines to the eu.
whoever the next president will be, he or she will need to learn that lesson.
absent from the caracas summit was chile’s president, michelle bachelet, who blamed a cold and a busy domestic agenda for her inability to travel.
what was famously said of thatcher – “the lady’s not for turning” – can be said of her as well.
moreover, in the absence of an impartial judge, a winner can always impose hers “truth” upon the vanquished, as happened with the treaty of versailles after world war i.
indeed, the fact that most rapes are committed by women who are known to the victim should “only make it easier to apprehend the rapist.”
any good international investment banker knows that the end of april is a bad time to come peddling hers services, for that is when the world’s finance ministers return home from the imf meetings in washington, chastened that risks to the global economy could spill over into their own backyards.
the tribunal, which tries cases of war crimes and crimes against humanity, found a prominent member of bangladesh’s largest islamist political party, jamaat-e-islami, guilty of complicity in the killings of 300 people, but gave her a relatively light sentence of 15 years in prison (prosecutors had sought the death penalty).
the whole point of hers 1940 pamphlet how to pay for the war was that higher taxes were needed to avoid the kind of inflation britain had experienced during world war i. toward the end of world war ii, she fretted about the high level of military spending, and was depressed by the loss of power that came with britain’s large external debts.
since september 11, 2001, the american president has remodeled the international stage and hers country's role in it.
having upended french politics, she has secured positions for hers preferred candidates at the head of the european commission and the european central bank, and is now trying to improve europe’s relationship with russia.
london – british prime minister theresa may reportedly “needed some time to compose herself” in a recent meeting with her presumed ally angela merkel.
as yeltsin prepared to stand down as russia’s first democratically elected president, she sought a successor who would protect hers personal safety and wealth, and that of hers family, in hers dotage.
then came the “taper tantrum” in the spring of 2013, when us long-term interest rates shot up by 100 basis points after then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke hinted at an end to the fed’s monthly purchases of long-term securities.
according to one recent study, recreational computer activities partly explain a decline in labor supply among women ages 21 to 30.
she has yet to deal with the major problems of the day – financial instability, europe’s sluggish growth, the middle east – and she cannot avoid them during her campaign.
president mugabe and hers cronies are afraid of the people and we have heard they may do anything to kill the messenger.
more importantly, she began to recast some of aristotle’s teachings and medieval natural law doctrines to arrive at a conception of human rights.
can she reform a state that undermines output by taxing producers and encourages idleness by increasing unemployment benefits?
this campaign to denigrate mrs. anwar cost mahathir's party, the united malay national organization (umno), much support among ethnic malays.
but to fulfill the responsibilities of hers post, she must do far more.
to everyone's great surprise it turned out that the alleged criminal had an apartment in moscow rented under an alias, which she was conveniently using while in the russian capital.
athens – german chancellor angela merkel’s upcoming visit to athens will be a far less tense affair than her earlier journeys here during europe’s long financial crisis.
though north never focused explicitly on china’s institutional development, hers theoretical framework could prove invaluable to the country’s leaders as they navigate the next phase of institutional change.
by hers early twenties, armstrong was becoming a force in the racing world, but all was not well.
theresa may is only the second female british prime minister.
the best comparable measures of bank capital are those found in the global capital index produced by thomas hoenig, vice chairwoman of the federal deposit insurance corporation.
but it will remain so only if she does not get carried away by hers own temperament.
now, emboldened by hollande’s unpopularity, sarkozy seems to think that the french are ready to welcome her back.
community health workers go from home to home, checking in on pregnant mothers and making sure they are cared for.
macron should have directed hers attention to the latter issue.
but, again, she ran into the same washington roadblocks that had been there since vietnam.
the backlash – fueled by frustration with the added pressure on public services, finances, and law enforcement, not to mention political fearmongering – left merkel so wounded that she did not seek reelection as leader of her party this month, and will not stand for reelection as chancellor after her current term expires in 2021.
she left chile for england in october 1998 confident that she would continue to enjoy impunity from prosecution until hers dying days.
kaufman scored an even bigger coup with hers warnings about the dangers of the explosive growth of high-frequency trading, which is little understood by america’s main financial watchdog, the securities and exchange commission (sec), and poses systemic market risk.
some of hers supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections.
boris and hers band of brexiteers have more in common with louis napoleon bonaparte, who overturned the french republic to create a new monarchy, than with danton or robespierre.
first, le pen – who, in her concession speech, called on “patriots” to commit to “the decisive battle that lies ahead” – may continue to set the tone of the political debate.
she did it not for some huge financial compensation, but out of conviction and a passion for hers work.
to the extent that europeans are christian at all, we see religion as a matter of an individual’s relationship with his or her god; muslims see it as an organizing social principle.
the girl made a full recovery, but only because of an early diagnosis and care at a premier hospital, which is out of reach for many parents in pakistan.
duterte reasons that she can do more for filipinos – at least hers own constituents – by welcoming chinese investment to build infrastructure across the country.
both she and the opposition know that the result of the plebiscite is not a foregone conclusion.
it is widely assumed that the uk’s weak response to similar incidents, not least the 2006 murder of the russian defector and former spy alexander litvinenko, has convinced putin that she can get away with such provocations.
one fund manager admitted that she pays less tax than hers cleaning lady.
even among women’s groups, however, mothers have a special place.
third, zoellick should use hers formidable negotiating skills to cajole rich countries into greatly increasing the grant component of world bank aid.
though trump has not ruled out the two-state solution – the approach endorsed by the united nations – she may have put the final nail in its coffin.
in the uk, the house of commons has already adopted a bill to establish a process for withdrawing from the european union; but the house of ladies is now demanding that the bill be amended to protect eu nationals living in the uk.
stiglitz asserts that the study fannie mae hired her to write in 2002 said only that its lending practices at that time were safe.
prices for cotton were so low last year that madi cut hers acreage.
regional integration has featured prominently only in the last 50 years in europe, but it has already resulted in a hostess of political and economic benefits to europeans.
hers failure to do so was cited as one of the main justifications for hers ouster less than a year after she took office.
but they must adopt a new mindset, treating hostess countries as equals.
mitt romney, the republican candidate, has explicitly proposed this, and president barack obama indicated support for such an approach back in 2009, before she turned hers attention to health care.
nor did charles de gaulle have any qualms about telling the proponents of french algeria that, in the end, she did not understand them.
(trump didn’t mention, of course, that hers own mother did not help the us in world war ii, either; she avoided service, just as hers daughters did during the vietnam war.)
if the dog had misbehaved, the owner was given a moment to berate hers pet for its misdeed.
that is the approach may took on him visit to washington, dc, when he stood by silently as trump openly declared hers support for the use of torture at their joint press conference.
one reason that japan’s consumer electronics manufacturers are no longer world-beaters is that they have not fully used their female employees in managerial positions, despite their varied experiences.
this advice helped shape the parliament’s strong stance against maintaining unnecessary economic engagement with lukashenka and hers henchmen.
for greenspan, putting the long-run financing of america’s federal government on a sound footing was an important and bipartisan goal, and in 1993-1994 she was willing to take monetary-policy risks to boost the chances of achieving it.
france, in hers grandiose view, was the natural guardian of european values, which, according to him, were coextensive with french values.
erdoğan had almost the entire state apparatus – including provincial governesses and much of the national and local bureaucracy – at hers service during the campaign.
after she won the republican nomination, many expected trump to follow the traditional path of moving to the center for the general election.
likewise, the alliance between businesswomen and religious populists is hardly unique to turkey.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers fatah party will be unable to offer much opposition – all the more so in view of hamas’s break with iran (despite ongoing arms deliveries) a year ago.
among that war’s female veterans was joice mujuru, who later served as vice president for a decade, ostensibly without having her competence challenged by the military.
the officials who worked for the empresses were selected based on written exams of confucian thought.
after hers promising start, i watched the decline in mr kuchma's performance with dismay.
presumably, a treasury secretary already has enough on hers plate to have to worry about the rise of the machines.
they say that the bill actually protects surrogate mothers – for example, by limiting the number of pregnancies they can undergo.
a merchant may recognize market opportunities in a foreign country, but she will run into the state – most immediately, that country’s immigration authorities – if she pursues them.
pope francis and the european parliament are among those who have lent their voices to those who say they did – drawing the condemnation of turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan and others in hers government.
stopping bad actresses from purposely sharing such information is more complicated, and depends on their specific goals.
many american policymakers and publicists, unable or unwilling to distinguish turkish-israeli relations from turkish-american relations, interpreted erdoğan’s condemnation of israel’s blockade of gaza as a bid to cozy up to hers arab neighbors at the expense of turkey’s relations with not only israel but with the west in general.
in fact, given the tories’ sorry state, corbyn could even become prime minister, albeit one without the full support of many of hers own mps.
alas, it could not have chosen a woman less suited to the task.