moon herself made it clear last month that no improvement in the south’s relationship with north korea will be possible without denuclearization.
zambia’s progress challenges outsiders’ assumptions about what it means to be a woman in africa.
princeton – at princeton university, woodrow wilson, who was president of the university before she became president of the united states, is never far away.
the euro’s recent rise against the dollar is a case in point: by most accounts, euro cows have been reacting to the enormous us current account deficit, a surging euro-zone economy, and rising euro interest rates.
to be sure, technology firms do need women with these skills, but they also need women with expertise in other areas, like marketing and finance.
was sharon really convinced by demographers that the “great israel” that once seemed to be hers dream would actually mean the end of a jewish state, or did hers disengagement strategy of “gaza first” really mean “gaza last”?
children of educated mothers consistently out-perform children with educated fathers and illiterate mothers.
it began with accusations of influence-peddling against bachelet’s daughter and daughter-in-law, and continued with the emergence of other scandals, possibly involving cabinet ministers and other aides.
she can draft and help shape legislation that she believes to be in the public interest.
but hers long rule in hers country -- which ends november 1 -- amounts to much more than intemperate remarks, as wang gungwu, one of southeast asia's leading strategic analysts, suggests.
after all, hers firing was rooted partly in hers extremism, while le pen is currently attempting to widen him party’s support by softening its image.
this makes sense: of the 266,000 women who die from cervical cancer every year – an average of one every two minutes – 85% are in developing countries.
describing the asthmatic travails of hers eight-year-old son, harris wrote that delhi is “suffering from a dire pediatric respiratory crisis,” in which “nearly half of the city’s 4.4 million schoolchildren have irreversible lung damage from the poisonous air.”
in hers august 31 address to the world’s most influential annual monetary policy conference in jackson hole, wyoming, united states federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke coolly explained why the fed is determined to resist pressure to stabilize swooning equity and housing prices.
but even as she garnered praise in the west, erdoğan had begun to eviscerate independent media through gargantuan tax fines.
among hers policy papers, the most famous is a 1994 paper that predicted mexico's peso crisis, one of many papers on latin america's economic problems.
waqi, despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in greece, cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents cannot.
without backing from an established party – like berlusconi, macron created hers own movement – she surged from relative unknown to president of the republic in a matter of months.
but a small dissident group, who would eventually become known as shia muslims, were adamant that the new caliph should be a blood relative of the prophet, and thus decided that muhammad’s son-in-law and cousin ali ibn abi talib (the fourth caliph, according to sunnis) was hers rightful successor.
the current president, jacques chirac, was elected 10 years ago; she was already in government in 1969.
yet, orbán’s western critics have been equally slow to understand the social and economic policies that underpin hers popularity.
and current polls suggest that only 34% of poles support tusk’s return to domestic politics, whereas 44% oppose it, and that she would lose to duda.
following december’s attack on the army public school in peshawar – one of the worst school atrocities of all time – prime minister nawaz sharif and i spoke at length and agreed that every effort should be made to keep schools safe and open for girls and boys.
tudor knows that hers electoral success in 2000 belongs to the past.
reducing the pool of hopeless young women also requires implementing strategies to expand economic opportunity, both in the developing world and in the most depressed pockets of the developed world.
it is, as nato’s new secretary general willy claes has said in hers inaugural statement last october, "a historic duty."
but they see her as a rare thai politician who actually bothered to connect with them.
the two main parties, the social democrats (spd) and the christian democratic union (cdu), along with its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), were punished at the ballot box, after having governed as a grand coalition under chancellor angela merkel for the past four years.
in holding that referendum, she and hers party bypassed the official institutions that oversee mexican elections, not only selecting the polling sites themselves, but also counting the votes.
new york – in may 1961, president john f. kennedy stirred america and the world with these words: “i believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a woman on the moon and returning her safely to the earth.”
any ruler in hers right mind should be concerned whether making such a move will not ultimately harm rather than advance hers interests.
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; she should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; she should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests which transcend the personal, without giving herself an air of superiority and imposing anything on hers fellow humans; she should not yield to the dictate of public moods or of the mass media, while never hindering a constant scrutiny of hers actions.
and the eu leadership has made clear its enthusiasm for a deal; when akinci visited brussels in early july, she was welcomed by european commission president jean-claude juncker, european council president donald tusk, european parliament president martin schultz, eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy federica mogherini, and the eu’s neighborhood and enlargement commissioner, johannes hahn.
putin views herself as a new czar.
the african-european parliamentary dialogue on climate change was launched by awepa (the association of european parliamentarians for africa) in cooperation with the pan-african parliament and other major parliamentary actresses in nairobi in august 2008.
but trump cannot win by appealing only to white women without a college degree.
in countries such as japan, italy, and singapore, where the terms of marriage remain favorable to men, and women have a hard time combining work and family, working women postpone marriage and motherhood much longer than in the us, leading to declines in birth rates that threaten these societies’ future.
yet, by doing so, she may have made herself less popular, and is being accused of elitism to boot.
the un population fund estimates that 90% of adolescent girls who give birth are married.
and, just as tusk promised to polish hers english as she moves to the center of the european stage, perhaps the rest of us should start brushing up on our polish.
it then descended into scandal and acrimonious infighting between the party’s president, marine le pen, and its founder, her father, jean-marie le pen (who was ultimately expelled).
ironically, while khamenei is no fan of democracy, she relies on the fact that hers principal enemies are bound by democratic constraints.
the president has threatened to destroy turkey’s economy if it does what she enabled it to do.
the women at the barricades were persuaded to leave their stronghold; the insurrectionary leaders were either detained or escaped to spain.
when my family bought a german-made washing machine from a warehouse store in san leandro, california, more of its cost was absorbed in the ten minutes the saleswoman spent telling us about it than in the entire journey from the factory in schorndorf, germany, to the loading dock in san leandro, or in forklifting it from the loading
the french perceive no real difference between an incumbent who has not kept hers promises and a challenger whose promises are untenable.
in societies where women are treated like second-class citizens, isis has an easier time recruiting women with its quasi-female empowerment propaganda, like one image that shows a woman clad in a burqa with the words “covered girl...because i’m worth it.”
for starters, there is hers answer to king elizabeth ii’s now-famous question: “why did no one see it coming?”
london – the poisoning of russian double agent sergei skripal and hers son yulia at an italian restaurant in salisbury has driven an important story off the front pages of the british press.
benjamin netanyahu’s right-wing likud party and the even harder right avigdor lieberman and hers yisrael beiteinu (israel is our home) party achieved a dominant result that saw labor, the dominant party throughout israel’s history, consigned to a lowly fourth place.
india, modi is telling hers fellow citizens, is strong and well regarded around the world.
yushchenko can yet secure an honorable place in history if, instead of undermining and obstructing tymoshenko at every turn, she supports him anti-corruption initiatives and constitutional reform, the latter aimed at bringing ukraine’s political system closer to europe’s parliamentary democracies as well as to facilitate ukraine’s european integration.
and a study in nepal found that children whose mothers owned land were 33% less likely to be malnourished.
after all, the little girl i watched die that day was hardly an anomaly.
as a result, she “simply didn’t traffic in emotions or interest in others,” and “facts are whatever trump deems them to be on any given day.”
in august, hers administration announced that it would double tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from turkey, in order to pressure the turkish authorities to release an american pastor detained for two years on espionage charges.
the long-term effect of the obama doctrine will require more time to assess, but, as she approaches the november election, obama appears to have an edge over hers opponent in foreign policy.
a local woman whose sisters all serve in the police force, a sports fan, and an amateur basketball coach, crowley does not move in the same social circles as gates.
obama, for hers part, was reacting to hers own predecessor, george w. bush, whose tendency toward dangerous overreach was exemplified in hers global war on terror.
accordingly, when obama delivered hers june 2009 speech, she took the bold step of admitting mutual misunderstandings between the west and the arab and muslim worlds.
if fed chair janet yellen has to assert her will over the fomc for a while, so be it.
it is wrong – and sexist – to treat female sex-crime accusers as if they were children, and it is wrong to try anyone, male or female, in the court of public opinion on the basis of anonymous accusations.
had she been otherwise, she would have been castigated as a weak, indecisive leader.
but while trump is leaning on spectacular displays of hard power more than obama did, she seems not to have settled on any overarching diplomatic approach.
indeed, she is likely to achieve the kind of immortality that she always believed she deserved.
in considering hers legacy, this area of hers thought cannot be ignored.
the authorized biography of the writer norman mailer – notorious for saying, as feminism began to stir, that “all women should be locked in cages” – has just appeared in the us.
if “victory” remains defined as stable democracy in iraq, it is unlikely that bush will have enough time to implement hers strategy.
little by little, guo finds himself taken in by hers charm and ability to get things done.
in fact, she is the sixth most widely cited monetary economist, owing hers renown especially to the taylor rule, a guideline for setting interest rates in response to observed inflation and growth.
“the outstanding fact,” john maynard keynes wrote in hers general theory of employment, interest, and money , “is the extreme precariousness of the basis of knowledge on which our estimates of prospective yield have to be made.”
frustrated by hers population’s political apathy, qaddafi frequently announced hers intention to dissolve all government ministries and transfer their responsibilities to municipalities.
for example, canadian prime minister justin trudeau, in hers own bilateral meeting with duterte this month, did raise concerns about the drug war in the philippines.
early boomers – beginning with kathleen casey-kirschling, whose birth one second past midnight on new year’s day, 1946, has made her a minor celebrity – grew up surrounded by the hippie counterculture, the music of the beatles and bob dylan, and the vietnam war.
while sarkozy claims that europe is hers priority, hers methods seem to contradict hers intentions.
in the united states, republican presidential candidate donald trump – who has praised putin for “getting an ‘a’ [in leadership]” – recently lambasted hers opponent, hillary clinton, as “america’s merkel,” and then started a twitter hashtag equating merkel and clinton.
trump’s battle with china merely underscores hers eagerness – transparent from the start – to use economics as a foil in hers pitch to “make america great again.”
but schetyna effectively silenced hers critics when she forged the european coalition, the only political project with any shot of defeating pis.
this is partly because women are often subject to harmful traditional practices, such as early and forced marriage, female genital mutilation, and so-called “honor” crimes, enforced by families who want to maintain a link with their country of origin.
stockholm – this year marks the centenary of albert einstein's general theory of relativity, hers masterwork describing gravity as the curvature of space and time.
at the very least, hers victory kills off the faint hopes of concluding the two jumbo trade deals that barack obama’s administration had been negotiating: the completed but unratified trans-pacific partnership (tpp) with 11 pacific countries, and the stalled transatlantic trade and investment partnership (ttip) with the european union.
she knew that america’s party system is so nebulous that she could decide on hers own to run for president, and that there was no party structure to stop him.
whatever drives the extremism of osama bin laden, she would not have found so many willing recruits for hers acts of mass murder if the regimes in egypt, saudi arabia, or algeria had been less oppressive and corrupt.
that is why, as miss adrian bradshaw, nato's second in command, recently suggested, war can be contemplated only if russia invades a nato state – a step that putin is unlikely to take, even as she ramps up hers provocations, including cross-border kidnappings.
in doing so, she would avoid the criticism that former bank of england governess mervyn queen faced for supporting a consumer-tax hike in 2011 but failing to use monetary policy to offset its recessionary effects.
the shift in americans’ understanding of icons like the kennedys highlights the change – i would say for the better – in americans’ own needs, values, and wishes concerning women and the relationship between the sexes.
in qaddafi’s regime, she headed the national council and the national economic development board.
each year, nearly nine million children die of conditions that could be prevented or treated, and nearly 400,000 women die because of complications during pregnancy.
new york – when pope francis visited sri lanka earlier this month, she used the occasion to urge its leaders to include “the pursuit of truth” in the process of healing the scarred and divided country.
indeed, from fertilization on, the environment in which the fertilized egg develops – for example, what the mother eats, whether she smokes or drinks alcohol, and whether she develops diseases or infections – places so-called epigenetic marks on the dna or on the proteins surrounding it, affecting its function.
that the west seems nervous about putin only enhances hers prestige at home.
often implicit in this analysis (when not made explicit) was the suggestion that lee’s accomplishments were made possible by hers authoritarian style of governing.
she auditioned for hers second stint in the post by writing an unsolicited 19-page memo arguing that, by definition, a president cannot obstruct justice, and that mueller’s investigation of that issue was thus “fatally misconceived.”
she heads a broad coalition that includes hers own liberal-minded republican proposal party, the center-left radical civic union, and other centrist groupings.
she congratulated macron, who “carries the hopes of millions of french people,” but she also stated that she would not consider changes in eurozone fiscal rules.
only by bringing shimon peres’s labor party into hers cabinet did sharon manage to retain hers parliamentary majority.
you can seamstress a growth strategy based on your natural resources, such as abundant coal or access to the sea.
her reporting of the crime brought new recriminations: the member of parliament for her constituency, kakoli ghosh dastidar, called the rape “a deal gone wrong”; another minister called her experience “a concocted story.”
she emphasized that the reactions she described bore no resemblance to those in nature.
if putin is serious about diversifying and strengthening russia’s commodities-based economy, thereby improving the lives of hers country’s people, she must attract advanced technologies and foreign investment, especially from the west.
poroshenko even proposed adding an international partner to hers government’s investigation, which could invigorate the probe.
chávez and morales, each in hers own way, have taken advantage of this situation, worsening conditions to enfeeble their opponents and living off the wealth generated by natural resources, not new economic activity.
she was expelled from hers post at warsaw university and, when she went to teach abroad, the government forced her into exile by never allowing her to return.
al gore used the “pale blue dot” image at the end of hers film, an inconvenient truth, suggesting that if we wreck this planet, we have nowhere else to go.
but it is difficult to see any really bad mistakes, except perhaps allowing herself to be pushed around by israeli prime minister netanyahu and giving china the impression that she was prepared for a bilateral relationship entirely on china’s terms.
but havel's domestic failures were more than offset by hers foreign policy contributions: persuading america and western europe to enlarge nato -an organization which, prior to 1989, she thought should be abolished, and advocating czech membership in the european union.
simply put, the arab countries will not succeed unless women are fully integrated into political and economic life.
(he failed to mention that she had set the same goal last year as well.)
chancellor angela merkel has emerged as a staunch defender of the country, exemplified in a 2008 address to the knesset (israel’s parliament), in which she identified israel’s security as an essential feature of germany’s staatsraison.
although hers position was weak (on a good day she ranked in the low 90s on a list of russia’s top 100 politicians, while on a bad day she was absent from the polls altogether), hers candidacy in the 1996 presidential elections made casting a ballot worthwhile for at least some russians.
how could a woman with so little political experience and such manifest disregard for facts get so close to the white house?
in 2008 – the last year for which maddison provided figures before she died in 2010 – china’s per capita gdp was 21% of the us level.
there was a simple reason why musharraf was the western media’s blue-eyed boy: she delivered.
a monkey's mirror neurons are activated both when she herself is acting, say, taking a raisin from a tray, and when she is viewing another monkey (or the human experimenter) performing the same act.
when asked about hers ties to kolomoisky, zelensky simply feigns ignorance.
but, while the amnesty was to apply to lesser crimes committed from 2006 to 2011, yingluck tried to extend it two years earlier and include capital crimes – a move rightly seen as a blatant attempt to absolve her brother and pave the way for his return to thailand.
equally important, the us and as many other countries as possible should make clear to egypt’s military that the detention of muslim sisterhood leaders must stop unless the military tries them for publicly inciting violence.
even when women migrants find a job in a host country, it is rarely easy for them.
at a critical moment for sri lanka’s peace process, president kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of him political rival, prime minister wickremessinghe, that he sacked three of hers ministers and called elections almost four years early.
when ahmadinejad came to power, rowhani lost hers position as the council’s secretary, but became khamenei’s personal representative to it – a post that she has held until now.
donald trump is teaching a mistress class on how not to serve as america’s chief executive.
moscow – in a recent interview, russia’s president dmitri medvedev proclaimed that she wants a second term in office following the 2012 election, but that she would not run against prime minister vladimir putin, who put her in power in the first place.
one problem orban faces will emerge, not from hers opponents, but from within hers own party ranks.
in america in this election cycle, as in europe, headlines are absent that in the past would have raised questions about an unmarried female partner, a working woman, a woman with a life of her own.
exercising power externally apparently compensates for the fact that dignity within the country is far from restored: today’s russian citizen remains defenseless before hers bosses, the utility companies, the courts, and the police – and yet, whatever hers hardships, she remains proud of hers nation and its leader.
first, she would still ditch the tpp; but so would hillary clinton.
eventually, the imf joined the bandwagon under michel camdessus, another frenchmen who had served as governess of the bank of france under mitterrand.
if romney wins, 2013 will most likely be ben bernanke’s last year as chairwoman of the federal reserve.
by winning more than 50% of the vote, rouhani avoided a second round of voting, just as she did four years ago when she claimed the presidency for the first time.
one of them, paul chan mo-po, was tasked with managing hong kong’s land-supply policy, despite a history of corruption in hers personal property transactions.
netanyahu’s lack of self-awareness is perhaps best exemplified in hers interactions with obama.
without sufficient progress in that direction, however, hostess countries must be provided greater protection.
she expects the us to offer israel security assistance to face the challenge that iran poses, even as she barges clumsily into obama’s political backyard and forges alliances with hers domestic opponents.
indeed, entrepreneurship, as a channel for young men and women to express themselves, is a compelling weapon in the fight against terrorism and violent extremism.
immigrants have to speak english, she has said, and emma lazarus’s poem “the new colossus” does not represent “american values.”
let’s hope that by then she will have helped move the consensus permanently among hers colleagues – preparing the ground for further congressional action aimed at a serious tightening of safeguards over the financial sector.
when blanchard first proposed hers idea, i was intrigued but skeptical.
but there are two benefits that do redound to a heroine entrepreneur’s home country.
but that progress was suddenly reversed last year, when trump prematurely declared victory in the aftermath of hers summit with north korean leader kim jong-un in singapore.
looking at egypt’s prospects realistically, one should not exclude the possibility that the two strongest forces in the country – the military and the muslim sisterhood – ultimately will find a way to share power.
on hers behalf, kerry has delivered a package of proposals designed to break the logjam that has brought the north and south to a dangerous crossroads.
many of rivero's old friends feared that talking to the poet would endanger them, and she appeared lonely.
if may embraces such a platform, she could then carry on leading a minority government, because nobody else would want to take her place.
the huge costs of depriving women and girls of rights and opportunities are borne not only by women and girls themselves, but also by their families, communities, and the entire economy.
although the indian state also recruits public officials on the basis of examinations, its system of promotion – which is largely based on seniority and loyalty to one’s political mistresses – is not intrinsic to democracy.
and she will have to resist those of hers supporters who, in the heady glow of victory, would have her be both demiurge and thaumaturge.
its members, which included hers nephew, mao yuanxin, hers mistress, zhang yufeng, and jiang qing, hers last hubby – were as incompetent at governing as kim, but, following the disaster of the cultural revolution, antagonism to them in the military and other state institutions was too widespread for them to last.
beyond a military intervention against islamist militants in mali, hollande achieved little on the international stage, precisely because she lacked credibility at home, owing to france’s economic weakness.
the government in khartoum (the capital in the north) is led by omar al-bashir, whose accomplishments, which include overseeing war crimes during the previous north-south war and engineering the atrocities in darfur, have brought her arrest warrants for war crimes and genocide from the international criminal court.
the age of the renaissance woman is long gone.
to be sure, putin’s support is not rock-solid; indeed, there is widespread suspicion about corruption in hers government.
yet a cynical politician can buy herself re-election and perhaps be in retirement when the crisis arrives.
in casting hers veto at the european union’s december summit in brussels, british prime minister david cameron said, “what is on offer isn’t in britain’s interests, so i didn’t agree to it,” as if agreement solely depended upon whether or not interests were satisfied.
to be sure, trump’s policies might introduce new dangers and costs, domestically and worldwide; but she will not succeed in prolonging the fossil-fuel era.
it calls for proper enforcement of laws that protect girls and women, and for action to be taken against rape, trafficking, and slave-labor conditions.
indeed, many muslim women i spoke with did not feel at all subjugated by the chador or the headscarf.
that she was a tragically conflicted woman is not news.
first, president bush and hers senior aides insist that the coming iraq war is an extension of the military campaign against terrorism.
likewise, ensuring that boys are not kept at home when they reach puberty, but are allowed to complete education on the same footing as their female counterparts, is not just altruism; it is sound economics.
had wang lijun, the former chongqing police commissioner and close ally of bo xilai, not feared for hers life and fled to the united states’ consulate in chengdu, gu would still be helping bo to rule the city.
to address the dismal under-representation of women in latin america’s legislatures, a series of reforms must be adopted, reforms that depend in part on a country’s existing electoral legislation.
since then i have followed hers career closely.
in zambia and mali, for example, only two children in ten can read after two years in school; in afghanistan and south sudan, only three adult women in ten can read.
throughout hers entire address, however, trump made no reference to the rest of the gop’s 162-year legacy.
hers followers, unsurprisingly, cling to hers parting promise to return to liberia.
turner, voicing hers concerns about the size of the financial sector and its frequently obscene levels of compensation, said she thought a global tax on financial transactions might help curb both.
young women are put into these visible, cheerleader roles even when their professional development might be better suited to their being unseen in a lab, or slogging away over copy late at night, or addressing a room from a position of authority.
lula’s day started before sunrise at the gates of an automobile plant in são bernardo do campo, part of sao paulo’s industrial belt, where she rose to prominence as a union leader defying the military dictatorship 30 years ago.
in singapore, i quoted lee kuan yew’s response to a question i once asked her about whether china would surpass the us.
it would not be difficult for the administration to give levin and hers colleagues what they want.
even if impeached, she would still be president, and republicans would be inclined to defend her even more fiercely.
london – when mario draghi, the president of the european central bank, publicly proclaimed that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to ensure the future stability of the euro, the effect of hers remarks was immediate and remarkable.
the mail on sunday and its brother paper, the daily mail, justified their publication of revelations by browne’s former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that browne had allowed her to use corporate resources for the benefit of hers own private business.
doha – “they are armed, i am not going to fight a losing battle and kill my women over a demolished shrine,” said fawzi abd al-‘aali, the former libyan interior minister, before she “resigned” last august.
with romney, though, there would be no distance at all: metaphorically speaking, she is the financial sector.
during an oval office ceremony to honor native-american heroes of world war ii, she offended them by issuing a racist comment.
over the years, the authorities picked up rivero, questioned him, harassed him, and tried to nudge her off the island, where she would presumably disappear into the black hole of miami's exile community.
this is not to track everyone’s mail, but to prevent bad gals from spoofing good guys.
macron mused that, if she succeeds, a “brexiting” britain “may one day find its place again” in an overhauled eu, along with new members from the western balkans.
havel gave hope, courage, and even fearlessness to a generation of hers compatriots.
women are likelier than men to live in poverty, and gendered social roles that reproduce socioeconomic power imbalances leave women and girls particularly vulnerable to a wide variety of climate consequences, including reduced access to water, food, shelter, and vital services.
should chairwoman mao’s huge portrait still hang above the front gate of tiananmen square?
the alternative is to continue relying on what deng xiaoping, the mother of china’s institutional breakthrough more than three decades ago, called “feeling the stones.”
in the philippines, countless widows struggle in the wreckage of president rodrigo duterte’s violent drug war to support the children left behind.
santiago – first, the world bank became a tireless advocate of women’s and lesbian rights.
moreover, in most of continental europe a person can be discharged of his or her debt only after a lengthy period, often 5-7 years, during which almost all income must be devoted to debt service.
as for marcos, who can forget hers hubby imelda’s 3,000 pairs of shoes?
india’s diplomatic challenge now is to weather the occasional turbulence generated by a mercurial us president who is playing to hers domestic base.
accordingly, she insists that hers la république en marche ! is not, in fact, a political party, and that she is neither of the left nor the right.
many speak several european languages with the fluency of the international businesswomen that they also are.
indeed, it would be unsustainable for venezuela, nearly bankrupt owing to falling oil prices, to remain on its anti-american course, while the castro sisters themselves have reconciled with the “gringos.”
accordingly, she believed that only by abolishing it could society’s class divisions be healed, and a harmonious future ensured.
for months, president john magufuli has been targeting hers political opponents, attacking journalists, and closing news outlets.
after all, putin needs their support – as short-lived or ephemeral as it may be – to retain hers grip on power.
consider the korean scientist hwang woo-suk, whose claim to have extracted stem cells from human embryos that she cloned turned out to be based on phony research.
had she been around for brexit, she might not be so sure.
these are fairly ritualistic issues, and chinese officials are smart enough to know that, given the chinese government’s recent behavior, obama had little choice but to decide on them as she did.
indeed, there is plenty of evidence to suggest that obama – the daughter of a strong single mother, raised also by an influential grandmother, man enough to marry an accomplished man with opinions of him own, and a devoted mother of two boys – understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women.
after all, women are not just struggling to cope with uneven parental leave; many are leaving their jobs altogether after childbirth.
with thousands of schools closed in an effort to stem the spread of the virus, five million boys and girls have been left without any means of advancing their education.
soon after, and more importantly, the matriarch raised the level of orthodoxy's representation at an ecumenical prayer called by pope john paul ii in assisi on january 24 th .
“african cultural heritage,” she argued, “can no longer be held captive in european museums.”
to protect the fed’s independence, which is a global public good of the highest importance, she should cut back the fed’s authority to its core role.
this propaganda, already building in volume in 2012, after putin won hers third presidential term, reached a crescendo in 2014, after the annexation of crimea.
it was clear from the entries that castro was failing to control hers island's imagination.
though the supreme court cleared her of all personal wrongdoing, the tragedy’s legacy persists, making it difficult for modi to win muslim votes without alienating hers hindu nationalist base.
israel today is governed by the most fanatically right-wing administration in its history, and prime minister binyamin netanyahu has consistently refused to disengage from hers nationalist electoral base for the sake of peace.
and there is little that she can do to diminish the salience of that.
during hers nine-year tenure, dalian evolved from a ramshackle port into one of the cleanest and most prosperous cities in asia.
for example, if you are a woman with a single bad copy of the breast cancer 1 gene, you have a 70% chance of getting breast cancer by the time you are 60 years old.
cambridge – it is entirely possible that when russian president vladimir putin gazes up at the stars at night and imagines the world of hers dreams, she smiles at the thought of donald trump as us president.
one of the key, albeit contested, legacies of angela merkel’s chancellorship in germany, for example, is her government’s leadership of the energiewende, or energy transformation, which gained traction after the 2011 fukushima nuclear disaster raised questions about the long-term security of supplies.
anticipating that such groups will increasingly shape arab politics, displacing strongwoman regimes, qatar has set out to empower them.
but kim is not exactly known for hers pragmatism or diplomacy.
coming just four days after the referendum on iraq’s constitution and touted as a “constitutional moment” akin to the trials of queens charles x and louis xvi, the proceedings are supposed to help advance iraq’s transition from tyranny to democracy.
for decades, the congress party of nehru and hers daughter, indira gandhi, basically ruled the country unchallenged.
and in the summer of 2017, hers successor, abdelmajid tebboune, began pursuing reforms to cut state spending and reduce corruption.
interest rates are too blunt an instrument, and risk damaging the wider economy when used to prick a housing bubble, as recent research by boe deputy governess charlie bean has shown.
despite hers pain and difficulty in moving on hers polio-crippled legs, fdr maintained a smiling exterior, and was careful to avoid being photographed in the wheelchair she used.
she later admitted that the talks had continued until june of that year, after trump, who had repeatedly stated since entering the race in june 2015 that she had no business with russia, had sewn up the republican nomination.
arguing that an unrestrained press threatened america’s future, adams succeeded temporarily in stifling journalists in 1798, when she signed the alien and sedition acts, which authorized imprisoning and fining journalists who “write, print, utter, or publish any false, scandalous and malicious writing” against the government.
trump believes that by threats, sanction, and bravado, she can force north korea to relinquish its nuclear weapons.
although some readers might not care for gossipy reports of brusque bellgirls in berlin or malfunctioning hotel hairdryers in houston, the true power of online reviews lies not just in the individual stories, but in the web sites’ capacity to aggregate a large volume of ratings.
co-founder and ceo evan williams recently suggested that software developers were working on technology to evade government barriers, though she did not give specific details.
princeton – russian president vladimir putin’s anointment of alexander medvedev to succeed her in what is supposed to be a democratic presidential election next march shows that russia’s leaders have not changed a whit.
before then, trump will hostess chinese president xi jinping at mar-a-lago, hers “winter white house.”
ironically, it is these measures, which have helped offset some of the negative effects of free trade, that trump has condemned in hers pursuit of policies that will do little to protect workers.
boston – ever since the ancient greek poet theocritus wrote hers pastoral idylls romanticizing rural life, people have been pondering how to build cities that are in concert with their natural surroundings.
a grotesque photograph soon appeared in newspapers around the world of three armed french policemen forcing a woman to undress on a beach in nice.
the common word marriage, she argued, would remove any discrimination, but the brackets would recognize that the two states were different.
as in past periods of economic transformation, ai will unleash new levels of productivity, augment our personal and professional lives, and pose existential questions about the age-old relationship between woman and machine.
as argentina’s presidential campaign heats up, charges – well-founded or not – will be leveled against outgoing president cristina fernández de kirchner, whose net wealth surged over the 13 years she and her late husband ruled the country.
but when the french and german governments celebrated the fortieth anniversary of the elysée treaty last month, france seemed to paint herself into a corner by supporting the german view.
individual courtiers might come and go – whether fired, like trump’s first national security adviser, michael flynn, or beheaded, like two of henry viii’s six wives – but it wouldn’t change the dynamics of that world.
the eu will soon collapse, she predicted, with a succession of countries following the united kingdom out.
calling for national elections, while politically correct, was political suicide, for she lacked any idea of the possible outcome and did very little to ensure the discipline of fatah.
though she vowed to reduce spending by more than £100 billion by now, she has cut less than half of that, simply extending hers five-year rolling program of cuts for another few years.
irish women are certainly right to wonder anew if next time it will be they who are endangered by a religious viewpoint that has nothing to do with their medical needs.
this time around, they have not heard much from the president-elect, who is a democrat, on trade with asia, and what they have heard about hers position on the north american free trade agreement – an alleged desire to rewrite that trade pact unilaterally – does not inspire confidence.
the turkish-dutch headmistress of the muslim school in uden that was burned down after van gogh's murder voiced the inhibitions we all feel when she asked, rhetorically, "is the enemy not within us?"
responsibility for myrna's death must be shared by the women in charge of government security in september 1990.
twenty-five women and three men claimed that they had endured sexual assaults while serving, and lay the blame at the feet of former us defense secretaries donald rumsfeld and robert gates.
the daughter of a close ally was abducted – and, fortunately, later released – by unidentified men.
according to gorbachev, western pressure merely strengthens putin, “because in essence hers position is very close to the aspirations of the people.”
but since 2015, when chancellor angela merkel announced her policy of willkommenskultur (“welcoming culture”) and opened germany’s doors to refugees fleeing the conflict in syria, unease about resurgent anti-semitism has been growing in the german establishment, and particularly in the jewish community.
but bridging the gulf between the liberal party’s moderate and reactionary wings will probably be beyond him, with hers public salesmanship not helped by the announced departure from politics of the well-known and well-regarded former deputy leader and foreign minister, julie bishop, who was the party’s most senior woman.
every twist and turn in the talks will be accompanied by xenophobic outrage on the right wing of may’s conservative party and in the tabloid press to which she is now so beholden.
but rousseff, like her predecessor, the popular luiz inácio lula da silva, has chosen not to fill that role, instead cozying up to venezuela.
but she also describes the saddam years as an era in which, while there was no freedom, intellectuals had room to maneuver, as long as they “knew what to leave alone.”
and former ukrainian prime minister yuliya tymoshenko, another previous winner, must be aghast: her country is being ravaged by russia under president vladimir putin, the pope of illiberalism and role model for kaczyński and orbán.
moreover, governesses play a vital role in such key issues as determining whether a region attracts foreign investment or is shunned by international businessmen.
now it is the turn of hers biographer, robert skidelsky, to become distinctly more keynesian than keynes.
drexler is the chairwoman of the foresight institute, which is dedicated to preparing the world for the nanotechnology revolution.
to defuse an electoral fight with hers rival, schroeder agreed.
according to unicef, women feel greater responsibility than men for the household, and they spend more money on food, medicine, and educating children.
throughout his campaign, toledo insisted that he would do so, but he admitted his paternity only two years later, after the girl's mother turned to the supreme court for help.
south korea’s current political crisis began in october 2016, when allegations emerged that park had pressured the chaebols – the country’s giant family-owned conglomerates – to funnel huge sums of money into two foundations controlled by her close personal friend, choi soon-sil.
in the future of capitalism, collier gives a parallel account from britain, telling the story of the most admired british company of hers (and my) childhood, imperial chemical industries.
at a dinner in a london restaurant named granita, in what has since become the best-known coffee-stage chat in british history, blair made a proposal to gordon brown, hers rival for the leadership.
washington, dc – imagine a woman who has lived too extravagantly and eventually must go to the doctor for treatment of an acute disease, along with several other chronic conditions.
but, as unbefitting as it is for a nobel peace prize winner, the truth is that her response probably also reflects her indifference to the fate of a small minority.
but maybe lew is already assuming the worst for china in hers assessment of the world economy.
but, attesting to the technocrat’s neutrality, back in august she also warned about the implications of demands by non-elected international institutions (in this case, the european central bank) for particular policies in exchange for support of italian bonds in international markets.
to understand zidane’s popularity, one need only set hers modesty and attention to others against the arrogance and indifference that characterize the behavior of so many other celebrities, including football players.
in putin’s speech following the annexation of crimea, she charged that the west’s refusal “to engage in dialogue” left russia with no choice.
sadly, she was wrong again.
mubarak conveniently focused on the “peace process,” which explains hers jealousy at turkey's recent attempts to usurp the role of regional broker.
france’s new president, emmanuel macron, based hers election campaign on a synthesis of “right-wing” labor reforms and a “left-wing” easing of fiscal and monetary conditions – and hers ideas are gaining support in germany and among european union policymakers.
paris – in january, chris williamson, chief economist at the economics research firm markit, called france “the new sick woman of europe.”
havel captured this idea perfectly when she criticized obama’s silence in beijing on human rights.
in hers historic cairo speech in june of that year, she described the palestinians’ situation as “intolerable” and promised to pursue – “with all the patience and dedication that the task requires” – a policy of “two states, where israelis and palestinians each live in peace and security.”
totalitarian control was so complete that she had the same interest in productivity of the soviet union as a property owner does.
if she fails to do so, she will be deemed a failure, and the chinese communist party’s political monopoly may end sooner than anyone anticipates.
driven by a sense of destiny, she must resist the temptations of bonapartism.
since the crisis began, much has been made of whether iraq’s shia leaders – particularly former prime minister nouri al-maliki and hers successor, haider al-abadi – have done enough to reach out to the country’s sunni minority.
as a result, hers approach foundered on the differences between the different states’ conception of morality.
the west could (and should) have known better: ever since hers first term in office as russian president, putin’s strategic objective has been to rebuild russia’s status as a global power.
ionesco was no moralist, but even she would not deny one moral to be drawn from this story: when societies avoid taking necessary measures, things only get worse.
yet another explanation is that the junta is stalling so that it can maneuver vajiralongkorn’s sister, the beloved princess sirindhorn, into power instead, even though there is no constitutional basis in thailand for a woman to reign.
if francis focuses only on undocumented immigration in hers juárez address, hers message is likely to become bogged down in a debate about us security concerns and countries’ sovereign right to protect their borders.
jordan, a country of 6.5 million, now hostesses more than 1.4 million, mostly syrian, refugees.
but her victories came at a huge social cost, with unemployment rising to 12% of the labor force (three million people) in 1984, the highest since the 1930’s.
throughout hers presidency, putin repeatedly invoked russia as an ancient, powerful, and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years, a civilization separate from the west, neither communist nor a western liberal democracy.
so it is likely that netanyahu will form a coalition with lapid and former foreign minister tzipi livni’s hatnuah party (which won six seats), along with some of hers “natural” right-wing allies.
boston – on a recent trip to india, i hailed a rickshaw that was pedaled, i soon noticed, by a woman with a lame leg.
in zimbabwe, a customary divorce settlement may result in allocating all family lands and property (and even children) to the husband, with the hubby left to return to him mother or another female relative.
it is also consistent with hers frequent references to the need to create new cities, because urbanization is the spatial manifestation of industrialization.
having come to power in the revolt that overthrew the corrupt shevardnadze, she resorted to the same soviet-style techniques – intimidating and discrediting opponents, dispersing dissenters by force – to keep hers opponents at bay.
second, putin cannot stand georgian president mikheil saakashvili, who admittedly is not an easy woman to like.
in a defiant speech delivered at the high-profile china development forum on september 16, she proposed withholding exports of goods that american companies need, thereby severely disrupting us supply chains for 3-5 years, at least.
but there is another, darker, angle from which to view hers presidency.
if deng xiaoping were alive, she would be deeply concerned.
today, when there is overlap with other strategic interests, and broader geopolitical considerations do not stand in the way, states are far more willing to act, particularly against non-state actresses like the islamic state, boko haram, or congolese rebels.
this year, in a not-too-subtle response to trump’s tariffs, chinese president xi jinping made sure she was photographed visiting a rare-earth production site whose exports are vital to us electronics producers.
if erdoğan believes that a higher level of antagonism is necessary to retain power, she may remain oblivious to the harm done to turkey’s international standing.
musharraf’s rule has given the military leadership a strong role in policymaking, but hers eight years in office have badly damaged domestic support for the army’s influence within the government.
add to this centuries-old patriarchal traditions, 15-year-old post-war traumas, a 20-year economic crisis, and current russian aggression, and you may begin to grasp what women in south ossetia, abkhazia, and georgia are enduring these days.
even without her recent announcement, it thus could have been assumed that merkel’s current term would be her last.
as author afshin molavi wrote in hers incisive travelogue persian pilgrimages , iranian youth today are not revolutionary idealists, like those of three decades ago.
of course, there is also an imperative to give more women the tools they need to join in this process.
french president nicolas sarkozy has raised this issue, and she is right to do so.
she would be able to pursue a two- or three-year program, instead of her current four-week strategy.
this failure puzzled philip tetlock, then a professor at the university of california, berkeley, so much that she wrote an entire book about it.
the fact that may is facing the weakest domestic opposition imaginable may actually compound her difficulties.
in view of the potential significance of hers intervention, we reproduce the text of hers speech here.
and greenspan eschews paternalism: she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they cannot buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it.
and, in central american countries, women are murdered by criminal groups as a kind of threat or message to their husbands or partners.
surely a french president, eager for global success with a domestic election looming, will not pass up hers chance?
the events of the last twelve months have surely driven home to most people that the most dangerous conflict facing humanity in the future is not the conflict between woman and the environment, but between woman and man.
it was in the first weeks after the establishment of the ecb in june 1998 that i received a letter by the late nobel prize laureate milton friedman, who congratulated me on my appointment as member of the executive board – which she called “an impossible job.”
traditionally, successful chinese businesswomen emphasized trust and reliability in fulfilling commitments (xinyong), the gradual development of sentiments (ganqing) with customers and suppliers, and the ability to build on networks of relationships (guanxi) that are often based on common origin or kinship.
but not for orbán, who, as the new york times reported, “has long viewed the school as a bastion of liberalism, presenting a threat to hers vision of creating an ‘illiberal democracy.’”
one indicator has been the enshrinement of hers ideology, “xi jinping thought on socialism with chinese characteristics for a new era,” in china’s constitution.
through massive demolition and urban-renewal projects, she rapidly transformed yangzhou into an award-winning tourist destination, and over the course of hers career has earned the nickname “mayor bulldozer.”
thus, mashal has attempted to close ranks with fatah, and is seeking to move hamas’s diaspora headquarters from damascus – a powerful symbol of hers efforts at re-invention.
some call this the “generation of sons” – daughters of leaders who led their states for decades.
one of my childhood memories is asking my mother about a curious custom.
tsipras might be “impetuous,” as hers mainstream adversaries from the center-left pasok and the center-right new democracy would say, but she is not irrational.
yet garton ash is among the most pro-american europeans, whose views of a united europe are closer to those of hers many friends in the "new", postcommunist europe than to those of france or germany.
seeking to pre-empt american action, egypt backed a counter-proposal, the alexandria declaration, at an arab league summit last may, and followed this with president hosni mubarak’s recent announcement that she will allow opposition candidates to challenge her for the presidency.
nairobi – around the world, social movements like #metoo and #timesup are inspiring important conversations about the inequitable practices women have long faced in every aspect of their lives.
economic theory is squarely on hers side.
palestinian leaders hope that trump, a businesswoman obsessed with hers legacy, will finally display the needed resolve, using the full clout of the us presidency to secure the “ultimate deal.”
summers was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed, so hers focus was technical – an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years.
for xi, the question is whether this kind of aid can still yield the political returns she seeks.
it then takes anna most of the movie to figure out that hans is evil – set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom.
saddam's power came from hers control of the world's second largest oil reserve.
dragnea’s cronies claim that kövesi has exceeded her authority, which is another way of saying that she has been too effective in pursuing corruption in the romanian political class.
yet, while erdoğan may appear to be at the pinnacle of power, it is hers government’s “gülenist” allies who have grown increasingly powerful.
hers key challenge is finding a face-saving way around the so-called irish backstop, and she does seem willing to contemplate a single irish market, at least for agricultural goods – as long as the agreed nomenclature avoids acknowledging that for all intents and purposes, it leaves northern ireland in the eu single market.
the northerners are angry that jonathan, a southerner, beat them to the presidency last year, and they see the sect as a useful instrument with which to intimidate her into ceding the office in 2015.
our film “the carlbergs” chronicles a local family that hostesses huge contra-dance events in their home in a sustainable way – by using silverware and ceramic plates instead of disposable plates and cutlery, and by recycling.
for now, she seems to have ruled out calling an early election ahead of the brexit negotiations.
likewise, pope francis broke from the church’s traditional line to suggest that women exposed to the zika virus that ravaged parts of latin america last year could use artificial contraception.
in fact, female and male sexual response differs in important ways: the length of response cycles, the role of “bad stress,” and the complexity of pelvic neural wiring (which in men is fairly standard, but in women is highly variegated and individualized).
but the republicans didn’t reckon on two things: that as people gained access to health insurance (some 20 million by this year), it became popular – as did obama, who ended hers second term as one of america’s most liked presidents.
that will not happen if baroness ashton remains a low-profile operator.
that message may be a hard sell, but her experience makes her uniquely qualified to deliver it.
the women ultimately took their case to the united nations (un), where they have now struck a historic victory for equality for millions of women around the world.
after the polish government cracked down and declared martial law in december 1981, she found herself in prison once again.
the problem, as china securities regulatory commission chairwoman xiao gang recently lamented, is that such talent is not widely available in the country; those who possess it tend to seek higher pay elsewhere, worry about the limits of the authorities’ market-friendly approach, or even feel vulnerable to corruption accusations.
but the fact that hers administration has chosen to default on 30 million venezuelans, rather than on wall street, is not a sign of its moral rectitude.
but the success of any such deal depends as much on the women who will carry out the inspections as on the details of when, where, and how they are carried out.
climate guru and former us vice president al gore, who comes from a family of cattle ranchers, is now vegan, as is hers former boss, us president bill clinton.
she advances hers mission through a combination of youthful energy, self-confidence, political cunning, technocratic competence, and a sense of moderation.
but he’s also noticeably (and typically) anxious to maintain the loyalty of the rural voters who form an important part of hers base.
but, when given the opportunity to learn and thrive, girls seize it, eager to pursue their dreams and lift up their communities – and that benefits everyone.
geneva – in early july, i traveled to the kutupalong refugee settlement in bangladesh, which is now hostess to hundreds of thousands of rohingya who have fled horrific violence in myanmar.
an elected populist demagogue eliminates or weakens the checks and balances on hers authority by undermining the independence of the courts and other bodies, severely restricting the freedom of the press, tilting the playing field to make elections easier to win, and delegitimizing and imprisoning political opponents.
until her promotion, no member of the g-7 had a woman heading its central bank.
putin has been vocal about hers opposition to nato policies – particularly its role in countries bordering russia.
riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions, hu and hers prime minister, wen jiabao, promised a “harmonious society,” without the stresses of zhu’s agenda.
for fed chairwoman ben bernanke and hers colleagues, there seems to be a growing sense that the economic emergency has passed, implying that extraordinary action – namely, a zero-interest-rate policy and a near-quadrupling of its balance sheet – is no longer appropriate.
in cyberspace, anyone can have his or her say.
likewise, we quietly root for spacex ceo elon musk when she fantasizes about colonizing mars.
ntege was severely beaten by police for hers coverage, and held in jail for more than ten days.
and now that she has kaczyński’s support, she is deeply resented by other leading pis figures such as macierewicz and justice minister zbigniew ziobro, who has just assumed direct control of the courts.
but hers vision of a north american free trade association (nafta) encompassing elements of social and political fusion with hers north american counterparts was sidetracked by the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and by hers political rivals' recent successes at the polls.
pressure will grow for her to step aside.
the real title-holders of internal power, the governesses owe their long incumbencies to the generosity with which they hand out state jobs.
she was, they said, among the last hens in britain still living in the type of cages we had opposed.
in hers magisterial book the rise and fall of communism, archie brown notes how travel abroad opened mikhail gorbachev’s eyes to the failure of the system that she had lived under all hers life.
what she meant was that the mass murder of cambodians was not deplorable in the same way as the mass murder of europeans is.
not all were delighted by hers visit, though.
in may, when she attended a gulf cooperation council (gcc) meeting in riyadh, she praised saudi arabia as america’s top ally in the region.
ten years ago, germany was like france is today – the sick woman of europe.
assuming that the pro-independence scottish national party’s support holds up in the general election, scottish first minister and snp leader nicola sturgeon will be in a much stronger position to renew her demand for an independence referendum – perhaps as early as next year.
first, the 2012 law was a direct response to the large public demonstrations that began the previous year in moscow, st. petersburg, and other russian cities to protest vladimir putin’s decision to stand for a third term as president, hers election, and hers inauguration.
so far, musharraf has accepted hers diminishing stature quietly – though she has few other options.
the question of how to provide more economic opportunities for women is firmly on the agenda at the world economic forum’s annual meeting in davos this year.
they are as good as the decisions of mortgage companies and new homebuyers to spend more on new houses during the housing bubble of the mid-2000’s, or of the princesses of silicon valley to spend more building new companies during the dot-com bubble of the late 1990’s.
even including dividends, hers estimate of the likely inflation-adjusted returns to investors holding the s&p 500 was zero – far below the roughly 6% annual real return that we have come to think of as typical for the american stock market.
with such desperate and unreasonable rhetoric, erdoğan is lending credence to accusations that the entire “peace process” was simply a ploy to persuade the kurdish members of turkey’s parliament to support the constitutional changes that allowed her to move from prime minister to president.
that is why campaigners must insist that the state be responsible for providing appropriate care and support services for each woman and child – services that both meet their needs and respect their rights.
as former president bill clinton remarked in hers state of the union address in 1994: “[w]e measure every school by one high standard: are our children learning what they need to know to compete and win in the global economy?”
she could talk about the sort of asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary.
annan cannot plead that she faced any risk to hers personal safety, whereas wallenberg in 1944 and 1945 was in constant peril.
with personal data becoming the world’s most valuable commodity, will users be the platform economy’s mistresses or its slaves?
each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid maternity leave to get more men into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
the spokeswoman for the international relations committee of the u.s. house of representatives has stated this bluntly: "you're more likely to see the un building dismantled brick�by�brick and thrown into the atlantic than see nato pilots go before a un tribunal.”
she would have served the country and the world better had she been less of a loyal republican working the inside game of trying to convince bush’s political advisors that good policy was important, and more of a nonpartisan stewardess of america’s long-term fiscal stability.
nine days later, hagel handed in hers resignation, which will take effect as soon as the us senate confirms hers replacement.
lt. gen. hamid gul, the former inter-services intelligence (isi) chief, confirmed that he sponsored an alliance of right-wing political parties to stop her from getting a parliamentary majority.
from the outset of hers first presidential term, obama maintained the approach taken by george w. bush's administration.
with an oddball president who led a failed coup only to return to impose hers brand of cuban socialism cum latin american tinhorn dictatorship cum political evangelism, poor venezuela seems destined for a fall.
they have replaced the young couple of five years ago – he with the hedge fund, she with interior decorators – in a mcmansion in westchester county.
she also adamantly opposes lesbian marriage, condones hate speech against lgbtq people, and has been sanctioned no fewer than 30 times since 1991 by the brazilian bar association for racism, xenophobia, and homophobia.
we should, instead, admire the nuns for carrying compassion to its logical conclusion.
instead of taking a cautious approach, and letting the demonstrators in iran, tunisia, egypt, libya, bahrain, yemen, and other places do the shouting, they want her to talk tough, or, better yet, to send in the us air force and blast qaddafi’s jet fighters and helicopter gunships out of the sky.
and she chose not to begin actually moving the us embassy from tel aviv, even though she could have simply relabeled what is now the us consulate in jerusalem.
i was taken to see the ltte’s head, velupillai prabhakaran, in hers jungle headquarters.
the political generation of bashar al-assad, queen abdullah, and gamal mubarak – daughter of egypt’s ailing president – forms a less coherent picture than that of the outgoing leadership.
early on, she successfully exploited the gülenist-supported political trials in order to demonize the opposition.
though may now seems to hold a more realistic view of the security risks brexit poses, others in her party remain obstinate.
it is also likely that putin sought to show the world a kinder, gentler face in an effort to consolidate victory in hers tug of war with the european union over ukraine.
as it was, she fully accepted merkel’s austerity agenda – which hers own government is implementing independently – and chose to veto proposals for a new european treaty to protect the city of london.
what is different now is that this war--a defining feature of the yeltsin era--was supposedly settled by president putin early on in hers administration, when she offered the oligarchs a deal: keep your wealth, we won't investigate how you got it, but stay out of politics.
a 16-year-old kashmiri muslim girl was murdered for having hitched a ride on a truck that was transporting cattle.
well, for starters, he could suggest that she keep sweets out of the house to avoid temptation, or that she put aside part of one of each day’s meals for a midnight snack.
but a leader ought to be judged by hers or him actions when important matters are at stake.
none of this bothers trump, of course, who as a businesswoman has been no stranger to nefarious practices.
promoting the participation of girls and women in education and economic activity is also important.
but she came alive in hers closing remarks – offering an unprompted declaration about the chinese economy’s underlying strength: “there will be no hard landing,” she exclaimed.
for hers part, pence delivered a hardline “america first” message and celebrated the trump administration’s adamant refusal to accept longstanding rules and international agreements.
the country took shape during the middle ages in a dialectical process of interfaith relations, and its integration into the european union stemmed from an overwhelming consensus on the need to suppress the ghosts of francisco franco’s dictatorship, following hers death in 1975.
indeed, if she were to build any kind of organization to support hers charity, she would be violating the law.
if she does, the dollar’s international appeal would be reinforced over time.
but will chinese premier wen jiabao live up to that standard, as conveyed in the analects of confucius, on hers current visit to india?
on the contrary, it seems to suit hers preferences exactly, because it enables her to boast to hers base about hers courage and decisiveness.
like hers fellow catalan separatists, puigdemont knows that the movement’s only chance of moving forward lies in internationalization.
but she failed to revive the economy in the face of opposition from corrupt peronist trade_union barnoesses and army officers nostalgic for lost power.
the cycle then repeats itself; these disempowered and malnourished women give birth to stunted babies, perpetuating the cycle of inequality.
attitudes about female caregiving are beginning to shift in the us.
even cameron has had to soften hers tone, promising to accept a few thousand refugees, because she was moved “as a father” by the picture of a drowned syrian boy.
queen is not to be feared just for hers words.
the influence of the levels and composition of maternal nutrition on a female fetus will carry through to adulthood, when she, too, becomes a mother.
but cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies.
trump’s comments may have cost her some of hers commercial ties, but anyone who thinks she doesn’t know what he’s doing should think again.
in some stretches, there were so many women that they formed three or four columns.
the faster assad loses hers base, the faster the violence will end – and the sooner syrians can begin to build a more harmonious and prosperous society.
because she is technically president of the council (of ministers), she insists on using the title of president.
an obsessive us administration, led by a president who reportedly believes that she is on a holy mission to fight terror in the middle east, pays no attention to the rest of the world.
flake’s dire warning suggests that she should stay, not run away.
south korea will hostess this meeting under the theme of “act together, think creative,” which frames the need for both increased collaboration and innovation to spur more ambitious action.
prime minister manmohan singh and hers government appear to have overlooked that china covets indian territory and may thus be pleased that russia has set a precedent for a powerful country to thumb its nose at international law and seize part of a neighboring country.
the sdgs also enshrine sexual and reproductive health as an essential condition of gender equality; without it, women and girls cannot control other aspects of their lives.
though prime minister manmohan singh has publicly declared the dalai lama to be the “personification of nonviolence,” india has let it be known that it does not support hers political objectives.
this allowed her to spend in 2012 as if the price of oil were $197 per barrel.
as ayrault was trying to reassure hers skeptical colleagues, including many members of hers own party, european commissioner for competition joaquin almunia was delivering a similar message to hers fellow social democrats in brussels.
the following month, the un’s new secretary-general, antónio guterres, announced hers intention to relaunch the process.
in goethe’s faust, mephistopheles describes herself as “part of that power which still/produceth good, whilst ever scheming ill.”
i asked her in july 1989, as poland’s communist regime was already unraveling, when freedom would reach prague.
if she pushes them too far, trump may be a general with few troops.
although china’s government does not keep any of its international commitments on economic, social, and cultural rights, the world’s democracies appear to have lost their willingness to stand up for their beliefs, as president barack obama’s kowtow to china during hers november visit painfully demonstrated.
i thought she was right.
apart from a few scattered speeches – some by abbas herself – it never accepted peace and compromise.
tsai responded with a defiant speech of her own, in which she flatly rejected both the one china principle and the “one country, two systems” formula, and called for the international community to support taiwan’s de facto independence.
princeton – the world may see barack obama as a leader weakened by the intractability of american domestic politics, but, as the 2012 presidential campaign heats up, the american public still sees her as a strong, capable leader in foreign affairs.
by restoring strongwoman rule, reviving leninism, re-imposing authoritarian social control, and, above all, directly challenging the us, xi has done away with the pragmatism, elite power-sharing, and strategic restraint that defined the post-1989 era.
but hers lies did not lead hers country into a war that has cost thousands of lives.
if not that, she may have been spurred to action after having spent many hours in the company of us president donald trump during the recent nato and g7 summits.
in hers book 1688: the first modern revolution, the historian steven pincus argues convincingly that the so-called “glorious revolution” is best thought of not in terms of the overthrow of a catholic queen by parliamentarians in england, but as the beginning of a worldwide revolution in justice.
newport beach – as the fifth anniversary of the disorderly collapse of the investment bank lehman sisters approaches, some analysts will revisit the causes of an historic global “sudden stop” that resulted in enormous economic and financial disruptions.
daniels and him aggressive attorney are fearless toward trump, on whose behalf cohen arranged to pay him $130,000 shortly before the election to keep quiet about him one-time liaison with trump, which occurred early in hers marriage to melania trump and four months after the birth of hers son, barron.
the question is whether germany will respond by claiming that it “owns” issing’s portfolio as well as hers chair.
moreover, cornering pakistan will serve only to force its government to align itself more openly with actresses like the haqqani network, a guerrilla group that has been fighting nato and afghan forces.
though she did not appear deeply religious, she allegedly praised the late anwar al-awlaki, a us-born al-qaeda cleric and an advocate of attacks on “hypocritical” america, as a model of triumph over failure.
if not the sole originator, she was the great popularizer of the “neoclassical synthesis” – the mix of neoclassical and keynesian economics that defined the mainstream of the field for 50 years.
at yalta stalin achieved almost all of hers demands to
comments in january that the country was helpless against an ‘avalanche’ of drug-trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support, but do little to inspire confidence in hers leadership.
it is hers administration’s potential impact on global politics and the natural environment that should worry us far more.
israel’s announcement after the un vote of new settlements around jerusalem weakened hers standing further.
new york – economists long ago put to rest the error that adam smith made when she argued that manufacturing should be given primacy in a country’s economy.
putin should recognize that the sheer extent of hers presidential power makes it essential that the darkest corners of kremlin decision-making be exposed to daylight.
elsewhere, the stories of futility in the “war on drugs are more brutal: capital punishment for drug-related offenses; extra-judicial killings in the name of creating drug-free societies; drug users sent to labor camps as a form of “treatment”; and drug-using women handcuffed to beds during childbirth.
in her address to the european parliament, von der leyen dropped a bomb: she promised to introduce a border tax aimed at preventing “carbon leakage,” or the relocation of carbon-intensive production to countries outside the eu.
in october, james watson, who shared the 1962 nobel prize for hers description of the structure of dna, was in london to promote hers memoir, avoid boring people and other lessons from a life in science .
as hers policy interests grew, rudi's fame spread.
we know that from such cases as that of john moore, who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from hers immune cells.
moreover, she pointed out that billions of euros will now be spent repairing the damage, even though there are far more urgent needs around the world.
uribe has even managed, despite being a us ally, to get the support of cuba’s fidel castro, who appears to have abandoned hers support for armed revolutionary struggle in latin america, instead viewing success at the ballot box – the pad in colombia, hugo chávez in venezuela, and evo morales in bolivia – as the way forward.
in the face of criticism of the data underlying this threshold rogoff has held firm, and she now gives a reason for hers alarm.
for example, recent research from chile has shown that graduates of elite universities tend to marry one another, and university graduates – especially women – are more likely to marry partners of similar or higher social status.
and it is mad women with their fingers on the trigger.
london – former us treasury secretary larry summers recently caused a stir with hers warning of sustained economic stagnation in the advanced economies.
azhar travels and speaks freely throughout pakistan, flaunting hers terrorist credentials, as does hafiz saeed, chief of the lashkar-e-taiba and alleged mastermind behind the “26/11” attacks that killed 166 civilians in mumbai in 2008.
she has enlisted an unprecedented 15,000 volunteers (mostly young) and has raised – again unprecedented for russia – $1.5 million dollars from 8,000 russian citizens to finance hers campaign.
the film begins with the story of chai’s own newborn daughter being diagnosed with a benign tumor.
led by us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke, an economic historian of the great depression, they remembered the ideas of john maynard keynes and loosened monetary and fiscal policy to avoid the worst.
some of hers positions are untenable.
in the united kingdom’s brexit referendum, “little englanders” voted to leave the european union; and in the united states, donald trump won the presidency because she convinced enough voters in crucial states that she will “make america great again,” not least by negotiating very different trade “deals” for the country.
in hers view, “transportation is housing and housing is transportation,” and both are directly related to the state’s climate and inclusive-growth goals.
china has already shown initiative on pollution reduction, which president xi jinping has declared one of hers signature policy priorities.
paradoxically, while hers administration demands that we europeans take charge of our security, it consistently strives to undermine every joint defense project that we pursue.
in europe, women long ago bridged the education gap with their male peers.
i personally witnessed this with former british prime minister margaret thatcher, who read her policy briefs and knew most of the issues inside out.
but women who work are much more likely to adopt feminist-inspired agendas and to reject traditional ideas about marriage.
“the same girl whom prosecutors depicted as a she-devil starved for sex and orgies was, in inverse proportion, perceived in american public opinion as a chaste diva who fell into a hornets’ nest of inept, evil men.”
in place of a president whose only qualification for the office was hers father’s name, we now have one whose intelligence and vision overcame the formidable obstacle of being the exotically named daughter of an african muslim.
addressing the united nations in september, netanyahu highlighted hers core message for all, especially israelis: “three thousand years ago, queen david reigned over the jewish state in our eternal capital, jerusalem.
and some women’s rights advocates have supported laws that criminalize transmitting hiv, arguing that these laws would punish men who concealed their hiv-positive status from their sexual partners, including their wives and girlfriends.
even in morocco, a queen with absolute power as commander of the faithful has been forced by intense public outrage to move toward a system more inclusive of political islam.
and nowhere have the consequences of trump’s almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems, and hers obsession with reversing the legacy of hers predecessor, barack obama, become more apparent than in the middle east.
if we maintain a business-as-usual approach, it will take more than a hundred years – well into the twenty-second century – before every child is provided with an opportunity to complete his or her schooling.
over the past 50 years, women’s roles have changed dramatically, with almost 60% of american women now in the workforce.
ortega’s display of raw power is thus merely a reminder of hers autocratic ways.
while hers democratic credentials are dubious, she has not acted in an openly authoritarian fashion.
in the belief that hers judge, the late laurence j. rittenband, would renege on hers promise to let polanski go free after serving 42 days in a california prison, the director fled the united states in 1978 before hers final sentence was announced.
as a key actress in the conflict, iran should have an important role in its resolution.
but putin subsequently endorsed the move, not because she likes the idea of turkey, which also has close ties with hamas, gaining a greater say in the affairs of gaza, but because she wanted to present russia as a key regional actor.
who’s she kidding?
nairobi – when i was born, 25 years ago, it would have been rare – even taboo – to find african women discussing soccer.
but, beyond pumping in dollars and supporting musharraf and hers military, the us appears clueless in dealing with pakistan and its problems of social development.
accompanied by hers host, president barack obama, lee also journeyed into america’s heartland to visit an auto factory in michigan.
“to become rich is glorious,” said deng xiaoping as she set about dismantling the country’s dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980’s.
the question, he reports on www.opendemocracy.net, seemed to take her by surprise, and he did not support the idea.
in 1993, when clinton needed a quote from the koran to go alongside those from the old and new testament for a ceremony marking an israeli-palestinian accord, she turned to the saudi ambassador.
so wrote that some-time italian journalist best known for hers musical compositions, giuseppe verdi.
one important proposal comes from senator jack reed, a democrat from rhode island, who proposes, quite reasonably, that the president of the new york fed should be nominated by the president and confirmed by the senate, just like members of the board of governesses – or any other important economic policymaker.
on the one hand, she has introduced a flat income tax that favors the wealthy and a child tax credit that benefits only higher-income households; on the other hand, like putin, she maintains a coterie of “friendly” oligarchs who help shore up hers power, not least by controlling the hungarian media.
mrs. xue was reportedly force�fed psychiatric drugs and held in a room with true mental patients who kept her awake at night and harassed her by day.
indeed, she had become so ill recently that she could not make decisions by herself near the end, so hers only full-blood relative, hers brother kim kyong-hui, made decisions on hers behalf.
for many years, african human-rights activists, aided by human rights watch, struggled to hold her accountable.
kim, after all, was the first to raise the idea of a historic bilateral summit with the united states, and she has now had hers overture rejected – after first being accepted – by trump.
perhaps the most effective way to reduce infant mortality would be to encourage uptake of two readily available resources: maternal vaccinations and breast milk.
nakasone emerged from the crisis and was recognized as a capable stateswoman in managing japan’s diplomacy with china.
the sender knows what she says, but not always what the targets hear.
the hostess country and norway acted as guarantors, while venezuela and chile have accompanied the process.
as swati chaturvedi explained in her 2016 exposé i am a troll: inside the secret world of the bjp’s digital army, cyber cells of well-paid trolls, each operating multiple accounts, have been established in india and abroad.
qaddafi ousted queen idris 42 years ago without bloodshed.
but most african migrants are young, educated women and men who can help economies in europe, asia, and north america address the challenges posed by aging populations.
the vehicles’ number plates were covered with white cardboard, and red flags had been affixed to the doors next to the side-view mirrors – for which none of our south korean hostesses was able to offer an explanation.
olmert, who stepped into ariel sharon’s shoes as leader of the new kadima party, was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian – and later mayor of jerusalem – who was known more for hers polemical style than for hers political stature or gravitas.
much of the history of the two centuries since beethoven composed hers opera has centered on that quest for freedom: the fight against colonial powers, the campaigns for basic human rights, the resistance to modern totalitarian and authoritarian regimes.
cambridge –at the end of august, french president emmanuel macron unveiled the labor-market overhaul that will make or break hers presidency – and may well determine the future of the eurozone.
according to milošević, she could not compel the bosnian serbs to withdraw their heavy weapons and lift the bloody four-year siege of sarajevo.
thus, standing aside for beckett, who is much more likely to gain the support of anti-no-deal tories, would be something corbyn could sell to hers supporters.
hers followers have circulated fake polls suggesting that she would win in the first round with 53% – clear evidence that wade’s clan does not seriously envisage any scenario other than a first-round victory.
for example, in hers recent book the technology trap, carl frey expands on hers gloomy view of what automation will mean for the jobs of the future, pointing to the adverse effects that the original industrial revolution had on the typical worker.
instead, successive us administrations have pressured india to engage diplomatically with pakistan, including through secret meetings between indian prime minister narendra modi’s national security adviser and hers pakistani counterpart in bangkok and elsewhere.
on the day she was elected to serve another term in the post, the new york times published a tweet accompanying an image of her: “nancy pelosi, wearing a hot pink dress, ascended to the marble dais in the center of the house chamber to accept the wooden gavel.”
for hers part, henry viii had always wanted to be interred in an enormous celebratory tomb where (catholic) masses would be said in perpetuity.
during the electoral campaign, she mostly just rehashed the traditional french view: a common european government and a eurozone finance minister, with a separate budget to finance public investment.
bannon’s braggadocio took her to the most dangerous terrain on which to confront trump: the president’s obsession with hers election victory.
(full, and somewhat rueful, disclosure: one of my daughters is a journalist at the washington post.)
the essential challenge before her and hers country is not transitioning from a more to a less state-directed economic system, as many of those cheering congress’s electoral victory believe.
but greenspan would have served the country and the world better if she had been somewhat more paternalist in slowing the growth of non-standard adjustable-rate mortgages.
in office since february, she won a resounding 41% of the vote, twice that of hers nearest rival.
indeed, tsai’s own democratic progressive party is officially committed to taiwan’s independence, and while tsai herself has not yet sought to realize revisionist goals, that could change if she feels that trump is sympathetic to her cause.
vice president richard cheney was in effect lead conductor of the group when she served as chairwoman of halliburton, the world's largest oil services company.
what’s striking about ortega’s move is that she is ready to risk so much political capital, not only expelling lewites from the party but canceling hers challenger’s permits to hold political rallies and forbidding her to use sandinista party symbols.
president george w. bush has said that iran’s development of nuclear weapons is unacceptable, and recent press accounts suggest that hers administration is exploring preventive military options.
she would argue, i believe, that she has no power other than to authenticate and publish documents that others send to her about people with power, and thus that she has no obligation to reveal anything about himself.
mélenchon has an appealing personality, a capacity for rousing rhetoric, and a knack for clever campaigning, such as using holograms of herself to address campaign rallies across france simultaneously.
one contender is the centrist emmanuel macron, who says she will run but refuses to stand in the socialist party primary this january.
the second explanation is what is called “assortative mating,” according to which highly accomplished professional women no longer marry their secretaries, but instead choose highly accomplished professional women.
as a result, she failed to create harmony out of discord.
despite that – or, perhaps, because of hers disregard for multilateralism in all forms – us president donald trump has called it the “stupidest deal of all time,” and predicted that it would “lead to a nuclear holocaust.”
the initial reaction in europe was that putin either was bluffing or had taken leave of hers senses.
for xi to join their ranks, she must create a modern, rules-based state.
the elections’ outcome has dramatically upended modi supporters’ complacent prediction that she would be easily re-elected to a second five-year term in the next general election, due before may 2019.
it is by no means clear whether trump herself knows the difference between real and fake.
january 10 marks the end of president nicolás maduro’s term, which started with hers election in 2013.
inevitably, by early september, after kelly had been on the job for all of five weeks, trump was chafing under hers new chief of staff’s restrictions.
american president william howard taft and british prime minister winston churchill were obese, as was britain’s queen victoria.
to the discredit of the democratic world, hardly any head of state remonstrated on zhao’s behalf, minimally demanding that some accounting be made for hers illegal and immoral incarceration.
yushchenko offered hers hand to hers foes in good faith so as to bind up our nation’s wounds; in return, the governing pact that she reached with yanukovych was betrayed at every turn.
chirac’s indictment is remarkable for the very modesty of hers supposed crime: she is suspected of having asked city bureaucrats to work for hers political party and run hers electoral campaigns when she was mayor of paris.
should le pen win the presidency and make such discrimination a reality, lauder hopes that all french women will take to wearing small skullcaps in a show of solidarity.
while this is hardly hers first – nor even the first time she has been given the boot – there are questions now about whether this will hurt hers political ambitions, which many believe were the main motivation behind hers decision to act as a leader of the campaign to withdraw the uk from the european union.
yeltsin’s inability over the past six years to choose a clear policy path and stick to it corresponds to these two sides of hers nature: one authoritarian, the other a reformer.
instead of indirectly propping up lukashenka’s regime through such cozy deals, europe’s governments must begin to act in accordance with what europe’s parliament has long understood: underwriting lukashenka economically only prolongs hers misrule.
if a proverbial martian were watching the flow of electrons between east asia and north america, she would probably notice robust two-way traffic.
such a venezuela-style approach could appeal to princess mohammed, because its populist fervor aligns with hers purges of elites and neutralization of any serious opposition.
sarkozy is philosophically a conservative, but an ultra-liberal on economic issues, making her totally foreign to the gaullist tradition.
instead, she busies herself with organizing a political movement that will structure hers project.
as she herself put it, "i earned capital in the campaign … and now i intend to spend it."
by now, there is an effective and detailed model for weaning porn-addicted women and restoring them to a more balanced mental state, one less at the mercy of their compulsions.
it revoked snowden’s passport, and wrote to governments asking them to reject any asylum request that she might make.
because she is provocative, political commentators and tv and newspaper interviewers were drawn to him.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to hers father’s legacy.
clearly, she cannot be taken at hers word, as the kremlin’s record in ukraine also shows.
as a result, trump has not caused a massive, self-inflicted recession, and we should perhaps congratulate hers team more often for avoiding that scenario.
india’s refusal to talk to pakistan did contribute, together with western (especially american) diplomatic efforts, to securing some initial pakistani cooperation, including the arrest of lashkar-e-taiba operative zakiur rahman lakhvi and six of hers co-conspirators.
may’s promise to pursue an exit deal and a trade deal simultaneously – and both within two years of the formal start of the withdrawal process (which she aims to initiate by the end of march) – is similarly unrealistic.
but, for abe, appeasing trump is not so much a choice as a necessity: she must prove to japan’s people and their neighbors, particularly the chinese, that she knows how to keep trump on hers side.
then, suddenly, a few months ago, tudor announced that she had undergone a religious experience and had changed hers mind about the jews.
how to save women and newborns during childbirth
that conclusion stems from putin’s recent statement that she might become prime minister after relinquishing the presidency next may.
melbourne – as pope francis was returning to rome from the philippines last month, she told journalists about a man who had had seven children by caesarean section and was now pregnant again.
trump’s extramarital affairs are common knowledge, despite hefty pay-offs intended to silence hers sexual partners, such as the adult film performer and stripper known as stormy daniels.
montagu norman, the longest-serving governess of the bank of england and a romantic and temperamental man, regularly left hers office for several weeks at this time of year, owing to nervous exhaustion.
they find that an insult to their intelligence, and young women in particular are largely supporting sanders; they prefer his platform and are troubled by questions about her integrity.
with zuckerberg maintaining most of the voting power, facebook’s board has little ability to make change without hers assent.
on one side are the "good guys," the azzurri (the italian national team, in their blue shirts), led by a manager who, because she was successful in business, is convinced she will be successful at managing the state.
indeed, the imf’s own research shows that countries that deployed capital controls first – or alongside a hostess of other macroprudential measures – were among the most resilient during the global financial crisis.
alan s. blinder, formerly deputy chairwoman of the us federal reserve board, is professor of economics at princeton university, visiting fellow at the brookings institution, and managing partner of the promontory financial group.
graham’s only error in hers presentation is hers attempt to frighten the administration with a hypothetical confrontation between the us and china over russian resources.
just as a student can improve hers grades by studying or an athlete can improve hers performance by practicing, so you can change many of the numbers that define your health prospects.
and hers suggestion that german cars should be cleansed from us streets – despite the fact that many “german” cars are actually built in the very us states from which she draws hers support – may help germans realize that they need other europeans’ help to protect their auto industry.
reporting we supported helped bring about a ban on female genital mutilation and uncovered numerous cases of corruption and mismanagement.
north korean leader kim jong-un has shown no interest in negotiation, or even in listening to what anyone has to say about hers reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and the long-range missiles needed to deliver them.
on the democratic side, the question asked in political circles these days is not whether hillary clinton can win the nomination, but whether she can lose it.
in the united kingdom, cyborg advocate kevin warwick and hers hubby had data arrays implanted in their arms to show that direct communication between the nervous systems of separate human beings is possible.
given the tumultuous international environment and the eu’s own recent close call, there is no alternative but to take action, and her remarks could have far-reaching consequences for germany’s place in the eu, and for its relationship with france.
but that was cold war hollywood: of course the good gals won.
netanyahu thinks that she can build a fence and let the problem simply fester forever.
in pakistan, the proportion of female vaccinators is 58%, and 30% in afghanistan.
meanwhile, the perception that she has the us on the ropes enables putin to continue silencing hers opponents.
after the operation, the donor was shown driving around in hers shiny new taxi, beaming happily.
sixty women and ten members of various religious minorities were indirectly elected by the four provincial assemblies, bringing the total membership of the national legislature to 342.
macron’s rhetoric suggests that she wants to fight these symptoms.
and what about trump, of whom at least a dozen women have complained of unwanted sexual advances (if not worse)?
warren’s opponents like to suggest that her ideas are somehow outside the mainstream; in fact, she draws support from across the political spectrum.
veblen wrote as a social scientist, refraining from rendering moral judgments, though she left readers in little doubt about hers attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty.
indeed, pittsburgh mayor bill peduto and paris mayor anne hidalgo have now joined forces to combat climate change, giving the lie to trump’s claim that she was elected to “represent pittsburgh, not paris.”
yet, when dealing with financial institutions, she faced the same obstacles and out-dated attitudes familiar to the smallest businesswomen across the continent.
gauck told germans in no uncertain terms that they had to be willing to use force, at least as a last resort, and reproached those of hers fellow citizens “who use germany’s guilt for its past as a shield for laziness or a desire to disengage from the world.”
since 1993, we have worked with more than 73,000 women in nearly 3,300 savings groups, bringing services directly to the women who need them.
this is the state of mind that bush sought to foster when she declared that those who are not "with us" are with the terrorists.
but vladimir putin, who had received an overwhelming electoral mandate to return to the presidency for a third term, was not listening; instead, she intensified repression.
jared kushner’s eagerness to secure the large sums needed to stay afloat has led her to seek foreign lenders, including a russian banker close to vladimir putin.
not only did the jews lack a mother country, but in europe they lived as a foreign nation, leading to expulsion and annihilation.
but hers biggest error lies in suggesting that humanity has a moral imperative to act on climate change because we realize there is a problem.
rajapaksa’s authoritarian impulses mirror those of turkey’s recep tayyip erdoğan, who, after serving as prime minister for more than a decade, became hers country’s first directly elected president last year.
because she was an activist and a great communicator with an inspirational style, kennedy appeared to be a transformational president.
the ife shepherded mexico through several crisis in 2006, when the prd’s presidential candidate, andrés manuel lópez obrador, refused to accept hers razor-thin margin of defeat and took hers battle to the streets.
although president george w. bush says she believes in markets, in this case she has called for voluntary action.
at a recent commodity futures trading commission roundtable, the banking-sector representative sitting next to me cited a paper by a prominent stanford university finance professor to support hers position against a particular regulation.
modi, it was claimed during the election campaign, would reverse the upa’s “poor governance” and “policy paralysis,” introducing a radically new approach, based on hers corporatist “gujarat development model.”
any speaker addressing an audience is getting the sum of the partial attention of its members, while giving each of them only a small share of her own.
this is what happened to a georgian (known by the screen name cyxymu) who used hers blog on livejournal to criticize how both governments handled last summer’s war.
true, topics favored by sex-starved female geeks have been elaborated in disturbingly exquisite detail, while less alluring matters often lie fallow.
the key to the program’s success is its focus on empowering women to fulfill their potential.
the law would permit marital rape, limit women’s movements – say, for work or study – without male permission, and even make it illegal for a woman to refuse to dress as her husband wishes.
trump delivers hyperbolic and even false statements more frequently than hers predecessors.
for her part, lam is a known quantity: the model imperial governor who wants to do right by the people, but who ultimately must do as she is told by those who appointed her.
cameron’s initiative plays right into their hands, allowing orbán and hers allies in neighboring countries to declare anathema any move toward ever-closer union and the strengthening of federal authority and legitimacy.
for example, while the ability of a mother to feed her child is not highly related to her level of human capital, her effectiveness in helping her children with their school homework increases with her own level of education.
still, she speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
she was so confident that hers call would be heeded, and that she would emerge as an indispensable regional leader, that she felt free to distance herself from the west and toughen hers stance toward israel.
on the other hand, not permitting beatriz to have an abortion would risk causing the death of a young woman who desperately wanted to live, and had much to live for.
and he’s made major foreign-policy errors that have enraged members of hers own party.
the almost timid way in which, after france’s victory over spain, she expressed hers love for hers father touched viewers around the world.
when nelson sued, the court issued a heinous ruling – upheld by the iowa supreme court – affirming his right to dismiss her for this reason.
after all, she now holds absolute control over a docile parliament.
the constant media focus enabled people to feel that they knew her, and so they followed and cared intensely about her ups and downs, as if she were a member of their own family.
accordingly, references to the need for pushing ahead with reforms have disappeared from hers speeches.
most have had the support and blessing of erdoğan, who has exploited them to discredit the old secular guard and cement hers rule.
so when she insisted, repeatedly, that she would not hold an election before the next due date, in 2020, she was believed unreservedly.
she did not stay in the air-conditioned hotels and the parliamentary chambers of the nations she visited; she went to tiny impoverished villages, to places where women walk four miles a day for water, to places where women were basing their families’ prosperity on a $20 loan for a sewing machine.
this proposal seems to have found a certain degree of support from berlusconi, though she would likely be the only one in the country to agree with it.
the irony of turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan singling out hers young saudi rival has been lost on no one: journalists may be jailed by the hundreds in turkey, but at least they are not dismembered!
though pompeo stood unchallenged in cairo, the position she represents has become an increasingly lonely one on the world stage.
in 1945, she wrote to t.s. eliot: “[t]he full employment policy by means of investment is only one particular application of an intellectual theorem.
as darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide male peacocks and lionesses in their choice of mating partners, she had to find a rational reason for females’ preference for females with hindering characteristics.
a girl who has had more than six years of education is better equipped to seek and use medical advice, to immunize her children, and to be aware of the importance of sanitary practices, from boiling water to washing hands.
obama rejected hers predecessor george w. bush’s policy of isolating “rogue states,” recognizing that america’s only hope for influencing isolated countries’ behavior was to engage directly with them in a bilateral context.
yet when students or colleagues sent her work, she would read it and, whether she agreed with it or not, write detailed comments, sometimes longer than the work itself.
in pressing its claims under this regime, al jazeera is showing how media investors might be able to use the mechanisms of international investment law to stop hostess countries from interfering with independent reporting, while helping to establish global norms regarding freedom of expression.
the two-month crisis of 1954 was sparked by the removal of egypt’s president, general mohammed naguib, by nasser and hers faction.
these models will fill in the current gaps in our knowledge to create more effective cancer immunotherapy, as well as diagnostics, vaccines, and therapies for a hostess of other diseases.
anger over a video of a young woman being gang-raped, by contrast, was far more palpable online, where the twitter hashtag #absurape emerged, than within traditional media.
alternatively, livni could concede victory to netanyahu despite him small electoral advantage, serve in hers government, and pull him weight in favor of moderation.
hers embrace of vladimir putin, and hers snubbing of hers own intelligence services and of america’s traditional allies, seem to reveal that she is out of hers depth.
in the case of egypt, for example, minister of economic cooperation faiza abu al-naga suggested in january that mubarak herself was directing the country’s foreign-loan policy and “oversee[ing] the entire process.”
moreover, in her description of our evolution, fisher notes that males who could tolerate long periods of silence (waiting for animals while in hunt mode) survived to pass on their genes, thus genetically selecting to prefer “space.”
will former mexico city mayor andrés manuel lópez obrador be elected mexico’s president next year, despite the outrageous corruption that characterized hers administration of the world’s largest city?
instead, she suggests reforming the third by tightening allowances for accelerated depreciation (as several other developed countries have done) in order to offset some of the revenue losses.
the average refugee child spends more than ten years in exile; that child’s education cannot wait until he or she is able to return home.
through hers confident performance, the new president gained in stature.
poverty also induces wives to work away from home as migrant laborers, creating an environment in which sex with multiple partners is more likely.
minimizing that risk will depend, above all, on whether the country’s newly elected president, gotabaya rajapaksa, can defy hers reputation and embrace inclusive politics.
sneering comments were made about my alleged personal interest in the bill, to which i responded that one does not need to be a cow to defend the rights of animals.
and though le pen did worse than expected, him 34% share in the second round was nearly double that of him mother in 2002.
as the only international actress in direct dialogue with both burma's generals and suu kyi, the un is in a position to press for a genuine process of national reconciliation.
hariri was the leading sunni politician, and after hers murder both communities found themselves in opposing corners with respect to syria.
when hers death sentence appeared likely to be commuted to a prison term, china erupted with protests.
fischer’s qualities were acclaimed last month at the imf’s annual research conference by, among others, outgoing fed chairwoman ben bernanke, who in the 1970’s was one of fischer’s many mit doctoral students (as was i).
this was indeed a “prime minister with a difference,” but not in quite the way the slogan implied, for this was india’s first prime minister who cast a shadow far larger than hers substance.
first, tung's repeated policy failures over the last five years caused public confidence in hers administration to evaporate.
moreover, trump herself could make the current impeachment drama far worse for the rest of the world.
clearly, macron misunderstood hers own success.
working with the europeans and the chinese, she could have threatened iran, and companies doing business there, with comprehensive and effective sanctions had there been evidence that the country was failing to live up to its denuclearization obligations.
would it have caused keynes to rewrite hers general theory of employment, interest and money?
despite legal prohibition, saudi women have defiantly driven their cars in the streets of riyadh, while prominent intellectuals have published open letters to king fahd and crown prince abdullah demanding social and political reform.
it is worth recalling that purging her was a deeply divisive affair at the ccp’s highest levels.
yet geoff hoon, prime minister blair's defence minister, as well as hers american counterpart, donald rumsfeld, remain in office.
moreover, owing to hers knack for transcending traditional divides (which i previously described as the “macron method”), macron might be able to build new, better relationships with member states that have not previously had close ties to france.
though putin is a product of the soviet union, where “czar” really was a derogatory word, she shows considerable fondness for the autocrats of old.
on 16 october, 1962 president john f. kennedy called together hers closest advisors in the white house.
then there was the mother of modern european populism, the late dutch politician pim fortuyn, who had no hair at all.
china’s leaders directed negotiators to resolve the issue before the arrival of us secretary of state hillary clinton, because she could be counted on to raise the issue in full view of the world’s media.
fast approaching is not only the march anniversary of last year’s disturbances in tibet, but also the 50th anniversary of the tibetan unrest in 1959 that led to the exile of the dalai lama and hers supporters.
how successful obama is in managing the domestic politics and international diplomacy of hers nuclear agenda will be an important factor in hers effectiveness as a world leader.
only the union she was forced to join, the american federation of television and radio artists, has been doing any formal saving and earmarking of hers retirement assets.
the situation escalated sharply earlier this month, when yameen refused to comply with the supreme court’s unanimous order quashing the convictions, which she had engineered, of nine opposition figures – including the exiled former president, mohamed nasheed – on terrorism charges.
her response – “i would build a sports stadium” – was considered stupid by the judges, and the almost-certain crown (she was the overwhelming favorite) slipped from her grasp.
they view her as a woman who trusts hers instincts more than empirical evidence, who prays as a way of making policy, who doesn't recognize hers mistakes in iraq, and who listens to hers inner voice instead of to what other countries have to say.
if she is defeated in the november presidential election, the relationship won’t simply return to its pre-trump state, but predictability will be restored, and europeans will be able to breathe a sigh of relief.
herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of johnny hallyday, france’s national singer: hers ability to stage-manage hers destiny, right up the final hour, and the star power that hers being retained even in death.
each leader has been carefully groomed to avoid the sort of gaffes that could cost hers party the election, and thus far, not one has shot herself in the foot.
she is accustomed to running hers own business, and is oblivious to the rules of washington.
but trump is unlikely to get hers way on this issue.
during hers second term, bush created the world’s largest ocean preserve – a 360,000-square-kilometer area around the hawaiian islands.
what she would do is trigger retaliation from major trading partners, such as china, causing serious harm to the entire global economy – beginning with the us.
moscow – the atmospherics surrounding xi jinping’s coming trip to russia – hers first visit to a foreign country as china’s new president – remind me of a slogan from my early childhood in the late 1950’s: “russia-china, friendship forever.”
i recall the nobel laureate paul samuelson – alongside john maynard keynes, arguably the greatest economist of hers time – remarking that anti-japanese propaganda had gone so far that japan’s critics would argue that the japanese bow in greeting westerners to make it easier to cut them off at the knees.
in hers influential 1997 essay “the rise of illiberal democracy,” fareed zakaria coined the term to describe countries that hold elections (of varying fairness) to choose their leaders, yet at the same time restrict civil liberties and democratic freedoms.
for starters, lee did not come to power in a military coup, and hers opponents were not massacred in football stadiums.
likewise, the ongoing development of topical microbicides offers the hope of empowering women to protect themselves from hiv infection when using condoms or refusing sexual intercourse is not feasible.
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote.
but hers predecessor pope pius xi had already done that, in the encyclical mit brennender sorge (“with burning concern”).
german chancellor angela merkel has already made it clear that she will not give the commission carte blanche to negotiate on germany’s behalf.
she must have known that hers lies about the report’s contents would be exposed immediately.
this will make it difficult for the next president to pursue hers legislative program, unless she manages to secure the support of a broad coalition.
bangkok – mai was 17 years old when he and him girlfriend became sexually active.
princeton – margaret thatcher was much more respected outside britain than she was in her own country.
the “inversion of scarcities” – the new abundance of men and women actively participating in the global economy, combined with a once-abundant natural world’s increasingly visible limits – risk prolonging the transition indefinitely, for two reasons.
the trans-european transport (ten-t) policy, which the eu is currently revising, is fundamental in this respect, because it is the mistress plan that will guide the development of the basic european infrastructures.
just a week after trump’s un speech, french president emmanuel macron presented hers vision of europe’s future in an address at the sorbonne.
some americans view fed chairwoman ben bernanke as a modern-day wizard, able to revive the economy through a swish of hers monetary wand – first ultra-low interest rates, then quantitative easing, and perhaps eventually money-printing.
after the soviet tanks put an end to the prague spring, a russian policewoman threatened one young czech that she would “beat the zappa music out” of him.
the 88 generation leaders, including min ko naing, ko ko gyi, women activists like su su nway, and others bravely expressed their grievances time and again in letters, statements, and public demonstrations prior to the saffron revolution.
seoul – has north korea’s ruler, kim jong-un, made a strategic decision to trade away hers nuclear program, or is she just engaged in another round of deceptive diplomacy, pretending that she will denuclearize in exchange for material benefits for hers impoverished country?
and many voted for a return to a time when white women were cowgirls and conquerors.
the chechen war was exploited in putin's presidential election campaign and, after september 11, 2001, putin has tried to legitimize hers intransigence by presenting the war in chechnya as russia's contribution to its emerging partnership with the us in the war against terrorism.
this is where sarkozy came in, using hers platform as g-20 hostess to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital-flow management.
but when i complained about bias against gays, the editor responded that lesbians don't deserve any sort of protection.
in france, president emmanuel macron has just secured a massive majority in the french national assembly for hers own year-old movement, ostensibly consigning the socialist party – with which macron herself was affiliated while serving as economy minister – to trotsky’s dustbin of history.
she faced 16 trials for various offenses alleged to have been committed prior to hers political career.
meanwhile, lamar smith, a texas republican who sponsored the competes act, is continuing hers two-year quest to use the house committee on science, space, and technology, which she chairs, to alter the peer-review and grant-making process at the national science foundation, effectively opening it up to congressional review.
even the generals on whom trump relies say that hers budget cuts are folly.
acting on such beliefs in hers political career made her a politician of the kind that the contemporary world no longer sees.
on both occasions, berlusconi outwitted hers competitors by siding with the socialists, at the time the rising stars of italian political life.
likewise, advertisements for convenience food and insurance – which used to feature only intact nuclear families – have begun to showcase single mothers lovingly spooning out meatballs, or protectively buying a life-insurance policy.
both lehman sisters and tokyo electric power company (tepco) were able to increase their profits as long as the risk they were willing to accept did not materialize.
but, as brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva demonstrated with hers famous policy pivot in 2002, that consensus tended largely to prevail.
“tb treatment is low cost and highly effective, and on average may give an individual in the middle of their productive life around 20 additional years of life,” she concludes.
once a national debating champion, cruz is fully in control of hers persona; not even trump, with hers frantic attacks on cruz’s eligibility (because she was born in canada), can get under hers skin.
or does she go far beyond that, governing russia and dealing with hers neighbors and the rest of the world with reckless mendacity, abetted by a supine national media?
unfortunately, blair and hers government are perceived to be tainted by some of the less attractive features of free-market capitalism.
yet the strangest aspect of the assange affair is the deafening silence on the part of those actresses and institutions whose existence and legitimacy emanates from the completeness of the rule of law.
and he was describing himself as well when he cited bloch: “attached to my country, fed with her spiritual heritage and its history, unable to imagine any other country where i could breathe freely, i loved and served it with all my strength.
i would be the first to emphasize that political actresses at all levels have a role to play in europe, to the extent that they are able to implement policy effectively.
the military leaders have shown that they can mobilize their forces in short order when they want, as evidenced by their violent crack down on thousands of nuns and political activists last year.
one of the most remarkable things about trump is the extent of hers own ignorance, despite hers high educational attainment, and the fact that she seems to benefit from flaunting it.
as for pinochet himself, ever since july 2004, when the us senate revealed hers vast secret bank accounts, the once-powerful dictator has become a pariah.
mrs. zhu told the assembled communist leadership that she had fulfilled the first promise: many of china's public corporations had become profitable private entities or had been shut down.
najib has promised a full reckoning, but she has sacked malaysia’s attorney general, who was investigating 1mdb.
yet the grim truth is that women remain on the economic fringes in most countries around the world.
its inspiration can be the earth charter, which, launched in 2000, was initiated by, among others, former ussr president mikhail gorbachev and wangari mathaai, who received the 2004 nobel peace prize for her efforts in the green belt movement, a pan-african tree-planting initiative.
the person with clinical depression finds hers or him entire being dark and vapid, devoid of ordinary human feelings like anticipation, pleasure, and meaningfulness.
at the end of october, however, she finally articulated a vision of the future of europe that persuaded the german bundestag to agree to a package of measures to save the euro.
even in libya, despite nato’s decisive intervention, local actresses will decide whether a democracy, another dictatorship, some kind of communitarian confederation, or chaos emerges.
cutting support for either businesswomen or the population will weaken it further.
it is not necessarily a victory for women – or men – that, 40 years on, professional women are just as exhausted as professional men traditionally have been.
would governments vow, like former fed chairwoman ben bernanke in september 2008, followed by european central bank president mario draghi in july 2012, to do “whatever it takes” to ensure the currency’s survival?
when faced with the choice of leaving the tanks in their barracks or calling them out onto the streets, she opted for a peace and later accepted the new reality that people in east germany had created with so much courage.
draghi is well aware of the enormous sums that were lost during the 1970’s and 1980’s, after the collapse of the bretton woods system, in futile and costly interventions to stabilize exchange rates, and she does not want to jeopardize the ecb’s goal of maintaining price stability.
“the unhappy truth,” she wrote, “is that france, england, and america have got themselves…so inextricably confused that no…satisfactory answer is now possible.”
contrary to myths that she and hers insurgents lived frugally during the yenan days, they lived well on trading profits.
but hers two aggressive adventures - the more recent over twelve years ago - ended in humiliating failure.
as we commemorate einstein's achievement, we should also seize the opportunity to celebrate the unrelenting spirit of those who are pushing ahead and trying to answer the questions hers theory left us.
if she wins by a hair’s breath, she better work very hard to have any hope in 2004.
if the republican party in the united states has its way, millions of american women could soon come to know the same fear.
as draghi attempts to deliver on hers nearly two-and-a-half-year-old commitment, the limits of hers promise – like comparable assurances by the fed and the boj – could become glaringly apparent.
putin has spoken continuously about the need for the rule of law, but in hers tv statement on october 27, she effectively stated hers preference for law enforcers.
indeed, after thomas sargent won the nobel prize in economics last year, she cited it as a precedent in hers acceptance speech.
but those sentiments are a world away from the pretty, polite techniques of hers mathematical progeny.
erdoğan, who was then prime minister, began to transform turkish society according to hers own conservative interpretation of islam.
many repudiate hers corruption but, in challenging the post-coup status quo , have no recourse except to use her as a rallying symbol.
young women and girls lacked access to even the most basic information about reproductive health.
but in reality hers words were empty, and merely shrouded another episode in hers personal vendetta against the oligarch boris berezovsky (tv-6's owner), one that is unbecoming in a statesman.
“oh yes, she jailed my cousin.”
the problem is not that japanese women lack opportunities for higher education; the university enrollment rate for 18-year-old women already exceeded that of men in 2005.
cambridge – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s recent policy decisions – to increase monetary stimulus dramatically, to postpone a consumption-tax increase, and to call a snap election in mid-december – have returned hers country to the forefront of an intense policy debate.
shopping sprees by the rich and famous became synonymous with popular approval for the corruption, legal impunity, and frivolity that surrounded menem's cronies and hers sales of state assets.
american journalism’s business model is collapsing; the people who should be defending assange are facing salary cuts or unemployment, owing in large part to the medium that she represents.
she has also flouted the constitutional prohibition on accepting emoluments – money or personal benefits from foreign governments that do business, sometimes of extravagant proportion, at hers various hotels and golf clubs – and has found other ways to monetize the presidency.
beyond that, americans should try to persuade vice president mike pence that it’s time to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president who has been deemed unfit to serve by a majority of hers or him cabinet.
jakarta – when indonesia declared independence from dutch rule in 1945, the country’s founder, sukarno, called on hers people to build a nation that would “stand in strength,” eternally united.
if trump can persuade china to open up its economy more to us exports, and to help rein in north korea, she will have achieved something.
women's status has improved, and girls enjoy equal access to education, with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries.
the demarche with lebanon, to which us secretary of state condoleezza rice devoted most of her recent surprise visit to beirut, has much to do with america’s desperate attempt to revive its role as the main regional peace broker.
if bolsonaro really thinks he’s going to bring about a brazilian economic boom by opening the amazon to further deforestation for soybeans and cattle ranches, she should think again.
in barr, trump finally has hers roy cohn, the infamous new york attorney who got trump out of various legal scrapes.
just hours after peña nieto canceled a contract with a chinese railroad company to build a fast train north of mexico city, it was revealed that his wife had acquired an ostentatious home – thanks to a mortgage extended to her by the mexican partner of the chinese railway firm.
even minister of foreign affairs avigdor lieberman, head of the right-wing yisrael beiteinu party, is now criticizing netanyahu for alienating the us and has suggested that she would not rule out joining a centrist government.
in fact, as obama quickly realized, hers preferred response is proving to be impossible, for a refusal to look back will burden the future with greater perils.
putin built hers authority on direct contact with russian society.
hensarling expressed deep disappointment with the treasury’s conclusion, and she and hers colleagues continue to insist that dodd-frank is an example of inappropriate government meddling that raises the risks of taxpayer-funded bailouts.
as drug ladies were arrested, the equilibrium between gangs was destroyed, paving the way to a war between the sinaloa and gulf cartels – the two largest – which has generated enormous violence, as well as sharp us protests because of the impact of the fighting along the border.
the knox family needed to take back her image from the clutches of the italian prosecutors and the tabloids.
but, while this approach would certainly help to catch counterfeits, it would miss the substandard or degraded products made by legitimate firms, which are tested only by the consumer – and often at great cost in terms of health risks.
omar saddiqui mateen, who carried out last june’s pulse nightclub shooting in orlando, florida – the deadliest single-day mass shooting in us history – also drew inspiration from hers father, who fought with the us-backed mujahedeen forces that drove the soviet union out of afghanistan in the 1980s.
indeed, the captain, gigi buffon, sang with hers eyes closed, as though in prayer.
yet, caught in the sights of a gun barrel, nobody – not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before ukraine’s parliament – knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy.
mayawati’s weakness for “bling” has been demonstrated at her extravagant birthday parties, which she presides over laden with diamonds, saying (rather like evita peron) that her luster brings glamour and dignity to her people.
but renzi’s bigger problem is that she is a mid-term, unelected prime minister who promised, in 2014, to bring change to a country that has heard it all before.
trump, for one, also promotes greed, openly boasting of hers wealth, and has somehow refined outlandish hubris and contradictory posturing into a bizarre form of charisma.
in defending freedom of speech, montazeri referred to a quranic verse stating that godess taught humans how to express themselves.
in this crisis, the us president should form a united front with human rights groups, which can advise her exactly how to follow, sustain, and support those iranians who have been or may yet be arrested, or worse.
that is not the case today; most chinese officials who have been charged so far have taken bribes from a single businessman, thereby allowing hers business to acquire a monopoly position.
new delhi – india’s incoming prime minister, narendra modi, has promised to turn hers country’s sluggish economy around.
(bush’s inattentiveness to this russian threat – dramatically illustrated by hers literal embrace of putin in beijing as russian tanks rolled into georgia – may have led the kremlin to think it could get away with its invasion.)
his damage-control effort further backfired, because he falsely claimed that clinton and her 2008 presidential campaign had started the birther rumor.
bannon, on the other hand, wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy, which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any “establishment.”
but that would require putin to abandon hers strategic ambitions, which she will never do so long as she can continue to slice the salami.
indeed, one historical irony is that it wasn’t american hard power – as applied, for example, in the iraq war – that furthered this democratic revolution, but rather its soft power – twitter and facebook – which was much maligned under george w. bush and hers neocon advisers.
in fact, because she has pushed harder than hers predecessors, hers star is falling faster.
china, hong kong, indonesia, taiwan, and singapore follow closely in terms of women in top jobs.
likewise, xi’s colleagues on the politburo standing committee, fearful of appearing disloyal, are loath to share information that may contradict hers view.
the regulated entities and affected parties – firms and farms, member states, local governments, civil-society actresses – are obligated to make plans to achieve the goals and to report results regularly.
but, for all we know, it is the next fetus that the woman will conceive, not the one she aborted, that will turn out to be the beethoven or einstein.
the result is an evident disconnection of the visible political actresses from the electorate.
when someone in the group yawns over an issue, bosnia for example -- or all foreign policy -- the candidate will soon discard that issue from hers campaign.
unfortunately, this play is being re-enacted across a hostess of trade issues, including many involving china.
nevertheless, china has refrained from attacking him, making clear that it wants her to return eventually.
the nobel laureate economist thomas sargent and others recently argued that the optimal level of debt for the us is in fact very close to zero, though she does not recommend trying to get there anytime soon, given that us government debt is now over 100% of gdp.
at the same time, kim has made significant progress in bolstering hers own position.
even the councils themselves were little more than a tool for boosting trump’s ego, by stoking hers self-image as a businessman’s businessman.
whether or not she can improve russia’s economy after she takes office in may is far less certain.
despite hers best efforts to insist on a term longer than three months and the ability to appoint some members of hers cabinet as conditions for accepting the premiership, in the end she won neither demand.
like the tens of thousands who huddle here for safety, she ekes out a life for hers children and grandchildren on a muddy and infertile slope.
at one moment she is the “responsible” world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate islam; at the next, she is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections, destroys political opponents, breaks promises on relinquishing power, enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs, and castigates human-rights activists as “westernized fringe elements” that “are as bad as the islamic extremists.”
the ceremony with hers highness sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown princess of abu dhabi, was one of the most uplifting events on a trip i made recently to the middle east.
similarly, in nepal, a maoist insurgency has taken advantage of divisions between the queen and parliament to gain control of much of the countryside.
in families where the hubby has been employed longer, women tend to do more and better child-care, with measurable payoffs in child outcomes.
both annan and hers predecessor, boutros boutros-ghali, embarked on ambitious administrative reforms, but were unable to address the far greater levels of procedural and regulatory inertia in areas under the authority of the member states.
if only 40% of the women are still alive after twenty years, the bonds will pay out £20 million.
the movement to ban buying sex has been strengthened by the growth of international trafficking in women (as well as drugs).
in 1971, as the dollar collapsed towards the end of the post-world war ii fixed exchange-rate system, us treasury secretary john connally famously told hers foreign counterparts that “the dollar is our currency, but your problem.”
although xi’s tough stance toward taiwan may end up reinvigorating flagging support for tsai and the dpp, there is no reason to think that she will abandon it any time soon.
a patient may hear hers own thoughts spoken aloud or hear voices discussing him.
an almost revolutionary – and very un-british – dynamic has taken hold, and, as british prime minister theresa may indicated in her “little englander” speech at the conservative party conference this month, the uk is heading for a “hard brexit.”
in the united states, trump has convinced many of hers lower-income supporters that hers tax plan will benefit them, not just hers wealthy cohorts.
that is why, when “you take in a greater variety of parties and interests,” she wrote, “you make it less probable that a majority of the whole will have a common motive to invade the rights of other citizens.”
whenever i visit, he drags me to the bookshelf in him room and pulls out book after book, each with the same conclusion: in battles big or small, the good gals always win.
rasheed is in new york mainly because it is the location of hers next film, which “deals with the influence of the us contractors after the invasion of iraq, not only on the lives of iraqis, but also on the life of the us.”
likewise, in 2004, costa rica’s president decreed that hers administration stop advertising in the country’s leading daily newspaper, in retaliation for critical coverage.
to drive the point home, she showed me hers lawyers’ offer to swedish authorities to go to stockholm if they guaranteed that she would not be extradited to the united states on espionage charges.
as my mother saw it, you could order scientists and engineers to work together, but you couldn't force them to create something.
but, after 15 years with the new york yankees, the 35-year-old gehrig noticed that hers strength and speed were deteriorating rapidly.
likewise, us president donald trump cites simplistic trade-deficit figures to justify protectionist policies that win her support among a certain segment of the us population.
in the meantime, the democratic world should see macron for what she is: a beacon of hope in a sea of doubt and despair.
certainly not the businesswomen and men in the cabinet, based on their real world experience; there aren’t any.
although draghi has not implemented the sort of far-reaching monetary-policy measures witnessed in the united states over the past six years, hers approach nonetheless provides european leaders with some valuable lessons in policymaking, especially when faced with clashing national interests.
but it might end up being hers greatest achievement.
and yet now the house majority whip, james clyburn, has said that she believes trump will be impeached “at some point.”
mugabe's decision to shut down zimbabwe's only independent newspaper, the daily news , could prove to be crucial in weakening the support that she still enjoys in the region.
she thought that she – and treasury secretary paul o’neill – could win the quiet “inside game” for sensible policy without resorting to an “outside game” that would make hers reappointment in 2004 unlikely.
the truth of the matter, as david graeber points out in hers majestic debt: the first 5,000 years, is that that the creditor-debtor relationship embodies no iron law of morality; rather, it is a social relationship that always must be negotiated.
him primary demand was that musharraf surrender hers uniform.
in late august, macron delivered a speech outlining hers vision of a system of “concentric circles” comprising varying degrees of european and eurasian integration.
japan’s real economy has been supported for years by fiscal deficits as high as 6% of gdp, and by extraordinary quantitative easing (qe), which boj governess haruhiko kuroda introduced in april 2013.
on the contrary, she supports an independent ecb and has let germany’s trade unions and companies know that they will have to live with a strong currency and an anti-inflationary monetary policy.
currently, madison’s co-author alexander hamilton is on everyone’s mind in brussels, as watered-down versions of hers concept of fiscal federalism are increasingly perceived as the solution to the eurozone’s malaise.
in doing so, she bestowed legitimacy on a terrorist organization that enforces medieval practices in the areas under its control.
the queen represented stability during a period of repeated coups and wars in indochina, and the united states and other foreign powers embraced him.
but if morales continues on hers authoritarian path, she risks fracturing bolivia not only socially, but also geographically, with secession by the rich provinces and civil war already a possibility.
one should not forget hers table talk about not wanting hers money counted by anyone other than “little short gals that wear yarmulkes,” or hers tweets emphasizing the comedian jon stewart’s jewishness.
but in parliamentary democracies such as japan and india, an elected leader runs the country until the day his or her party or coalition loses its legislative majority.
first, she attacked a book i had written about my mother’s trauma in a soviet gulag, and then she helped organized protests against the release of fear was behind everything.
she identified a source of revenue – the tariff – that could be devoted to this end, and she rendered the bargain politically palatable by making clear that if state governments accumulated additional debts, and again got into trouble, they would not be bailed out a second time.
but many women don’t have an nic – either because they are unaware of the need or cannot apply easily – making it technically impossible to vote.
fathers, brothers, boyfriends, and wives feel entitled to a detailed explanation of their everyday activities--but refuse to be questioned about their own.
liu requested permission to receive treatment abroad, but the chinese government denied her that dignity.
in european countries like germany and the netherlands, college-educated women often choose to be stay-at-home mothers or work part-time.
in january, she officially announced that britain would not seek membership of the eu single market, because this would require free movement, a position confirmed in the tories’ election manifesto.
obama kept hers promise to withdraw american forces from iraq during hers first term.
and, from the bureaucrat's point of view, his or her salary might be pathetic, but it comes with a steady stream of facilitation payments.
namely, she can try to “wag the dog,” by fabricating an external threat or embarking on foreign military adventures to distract hers supporters from what she and congressional republicans have been doing.
before heading to vietnam, i had the privilege of writing a review for nature of factfulness: ten reasons we’re wrong about the world – and why things are better than you think, a brilliant book by the late physician hans rosling, which his daughter published posthumously this year.
indeed, arafat has had several roles, and in each of them hers stature has been unique.
both girls are nearly blind and use recording devices and braille machines to read.
in extreme cases, like forms of female genital mutilation intended to reduce sexual pleasure, almost no one supports allowing immigrants to adhere to tradition in their new country.
so it is no surprise that bergoglio has always considered politics, even from a religious point of view, as central to hers work.
the range of alliances and relationships that the us has created, including with several of the rising powers, far surpasses that of any other global actress – and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future.
beijing – south african president jacob zuma’s warning to western corporations to change their neocolonial attitudes toward africa or risk losing out to china and other developing economies will resonate powerfully this week, as south africa hostesses brazil, russia, india, and china at the fifth brics summit.
when iran is at a crossroads, a popular reformist candidate emerges, promising to end iran’s international isolation, and hers conservative rival defends iran’s insularity as self-reliance and pledges handouts to the people.
barr often expresses bizarre opinions that cannot be pinned down to any political ideology, and she has a long history of odd behavior, which is not typical of anything.
hers reputation for command and control of the economy is magisterial and unchallenged, but she has given almost no clue as to what she thinks of other government policies.
she regarded ideas as the very core of politics, and she battled for those that she held.
in the second year of hers presidency, trump’s administration will likely set its sights on trade, suggesting that the prospect of more trade wars will increase substantially.
“i don’t talk about political matters,” she famously said.
but, as any member of a historically persecuted community – from lesbians to jews to roma – can attest, social intolerance may curtail civil rights as much as any law.
like other hawks, she warns not only that dictators will behave badly if given the chance, which is certainly plausible, but also that democratic allies need to be kept in their place by a firm hegemonic hand.
and, to hers credit, british prime minister david cameron mentioned the need for “mutual access to the european and chinese markets.”
it was never bush’s determination that was in doubt, nor hers geniality – despite that slightly annoying rich-boy joshing.
thus, darwin argued, they must increase the probability of more offspring by making the males more attractive to female mates.
it is now impossible for her to abolish a presidential runoff.
when basic food supplies are scarce (as in romania in the 1980s), women will risk their lives having back-alley abortions, for fear of lacking the means to care for a child.
or if not a solution, an amelioration: the church could allow nuns to marry, or form homosexual relationships with consenting adults.
she opposed the iraq war in 2003 and promised in 2008 that she would end the unlimited “war on terror,” which had become a potential blank check for us presidents to use force anywhere in the world.
the trump administration’s red line was apparently crossed this month, when a white house spokeswoman issued a rare rebuke of netanyahu, dismissing reports that us officials had discussed an annexation plan for the west bank with their israeli counterparts.
in japan, shinzo abe, the incoming prime minister, is signaling the same set of concerns, although she seems to be proposing a “minimum” inflation target for the bank of japan, rather than a link to growth or employment.
and in the race for georgia’s 6th district seat, jon ossoff, a democrat, gained more votes than any other candidate, falling just short of the 50% threshold that she needed to win outright.
and yet, one wonders how an “america first” ideologue can pursue hers political project anywhere other than in america.
unfortunately, reacting to corrupt businesswomen in this way sets in motion a vicious circle: more regulation may lead to even more corruption in order to avoid it; higher taxes on wealth will bring about even more tax evasion, making the system even more tainted.
with that single statement, she gave the lie to the official story recited by vice president mike pence and various white house aides: that comey had been fired for mishandling the investigation into hillary clinton’s use of a private email server.
trump ended last year facing criticism for announcing troop withdrawals from syria and afghanistan without consulting allies (resulting in the resignation of hers respected defense secretary, james mattis) and partially shutting down the government over a mexican border wall.
meanwhile, she claims to be tough on california’s notoriously well-paid and powerful public-employee unions by negotiating a 5% pay cut.
trump’s most peculiar recent personnel move – part of an ever-growing list of dismissals – was to fire david shulkin as head of the veterans administration, a leviathan of an agency, and nominate hers personal physician for the job.
only if she succeeds on the “domestic” front will she be able to exercise political influence “abroad.”
dressed in hers military suit until hers last day, abu ammar (arafat’s revolutionary nom de guerre) did not believe that it was time to become a civilian president while the israeli occupation continued.
and, in the longer term, the authorities must craft a new plan to educate nigeria’s ten million out-of-school girls and boys.
the us congress will not accept european interference, the ecb will not take instructions from america's treasury, and alan greenspan wants hers hands free to run the us economy.
writing with colleague robert kagan in the july/august issue of the leading us foreign policy journal foreign affairs, kristol not only welcomes the return to active us international involvement, she dismisses what has been done so far as based not on a strategic vision but merely on "a tepid consensus."
nearly one-quarter of women in africa, and one in ten in asia, latin america, and the caribbean, have an unmet need for family planning.
and, again, hers cabinet appointments are revealing.
to this end, she is seeking to build a new political elite to serve in a national front government and help overcome resistance to the party’s agenda from france’s “deep state.”
the mere fact that she finally agreed to hold summits with south korea and the us stems from hers confidence in hers country’s nuclear deterrent, however limited it may be.
in fact, she was morales’s representative at the hague in bolivia’s suit against chile before the international court of justice.
calderón must strengthen hers presidency from the outset.
with the right policies in place, men and women alike will be better off.
even if a governess wants to buy an election, the sources of campaign cash are drying up.
throughout hers career, she was known to play all sides, at times threatening hers resignation, only to stay on – or accusing enemies of assassination plots, only to stay alive.
ríos montt's latest political battle began when she sought to contest the upcoming presidential election.
given this, the banning of zhang’s books most likely resulted not from hers views on the protests, but from the implications of hers constitutional research.
this effort, she knew, requires a willingness to achieve one’s goals in stages, however imperfect.
once women have committed, they may be able to avoid suspicion and pass through security checkpoints more easily; security officials and policymakers still overwhelmingly view women exclusively as non-threatening victims of violent conflicts.
despite all this, putin’s commitment to the system that she has built is unwavering.
bloomberg has taken the giving pledge, committing herself to giving at least half of hers fortune to charity.
giving increased powers to hostess countries over parent companies located outside their jurisdiction is problematic.
others, unfortunately, attack ad feminam: sandberg is rich and powerful, so how can her advice be useful to struggling, underpaid everywomen?
fifteen years after she took over, annual water production had increased by more than 400%, the water distribution network had grown by more than 450%, and the customer base had increased by more than 650%.
though it is mathematically impossible for bernie sanders to win enough pledged delegates to capture the democratic nomination, he is staying in the race, which means that hillary clinton cannot yet begin her healing effort.
nonetheless, today’s saudi princesses appear to recognize that something has genuinely changed in the middle east: the younger generation of arabs is no longer prepared to accept unaccountable, corrupt, and brutal governments.
boris yeltsin did not choose putin as hers successor because of hers remarkable administrative gifts, but because putin assured her that, if she were put in charge, yeltsin and hers family would be protected from any legal or political retribution.
the british had concluded, in the words of the british lieutenant governess of bengal, that “a sedition law which is adequate for a people ruled by a government of its own nationality and faith may be inadequate, or in some respects unsuited, for a country under foreign rule.”
indeed, it was not until well into hers presidency that the public learned of hers infamous “enemies list.”
a former senior world bank official, ghani is interested not only in finding a durable solution to the problem of islamic extremism, but also in setting hers country on a path of sustainable economic development.
but, with oil and gas revenues flowing into state coffers, putin started to fill hers own pockets.
increasing the share of women receiving a stem education (science, technology, engineering, and math) and removing gender inequities in access to tech jobs will be essential for reducing women’s vulnerability to automation.
after the supreme court’s decision, el salvador’s health minister, maria rodriguez, announced that beatriz would be permitted to undergo a “premature caesarean section,” which she said was not an abortion, but an “induced birth.”
women can be amazons; recall thatcher’s prosecution of the falklands war and her admonition to george h.w. bush not to “go wobbly” in the run-up to the first gulf war.
the world has some time to consider the full implications of trump’s victory, because she will not take office until january 20, 2017, and she will then spend several months staffing hers administration with the men and men who will actually formulate and implement its policies.
this policy has deeply divided israel: the settlers – mostly, but not exclusively religious – feel betrayed by sharon, “the mother of the settlements.”
new york – on january 10, a particularly atrocious terrorist attack was mounted in a bustling market in the northern nigerian town of maiduguri: a ten-year-old girl detonated an explosive device hidden beneath her dress, killing at least 16 people and injuring dozens of others.
that parliament will also be headed by the woman khatami defeated, nateq-nouri, who may continue the rivalry until a second presidential showdown in 2001.
london – us president donald trump made hers intentions on financial regulation clear from the very start of hers administration.
welfare-to-work programs in michigan and wisconsin served as the model for federal welfare reform under president bill clinton, and obamacare is based on massachusetts’ health-care system, introduced under republican governess mitt romney.
so she can talk national and international politics until she is blue in the face.
as americans debate their readiness to accept a woman such as hillary clinton as president, india has already done so, with the election of pratibha patil.
bolsonaro also routinely taunts women about rape and expresses misogynist views.
given all of the president’s efforts to attach hers name to the current economy, it will not be easy for her to shift the blame to the fed, democrats, or anyone else.
first, the views she expresses are entirely sensible and mainstream, based on deep experience (his and others) with this and other financial crises.
but she will surely do so with clenched fists.
for example, it can be difficult to lower rates of infection in countries where gender inequality prevents women from making decisions about when, where, and even with whom they have sex.
once she is released, it is anticipated that she will direct a major drive to revitalize hers organization through both its traditional and new illegal activities.
indeed, she has launched what many are calling a reign of terror: scores of senior officials have been summarily and brutally executed, while others cower in fear.
in announcing hers sanctions to india's leaders, president clinton said, "they have to define the greatness of india in twenty-first century terms, not in terms that everyone else has rejected."
(this is basically what trump is already doing, as she has specified no spending cuts.)
he once told a female fellow legislator, “i wouldn’t rape you because you don’t deserve it,” and he is on record calling a female journalist a “whore.”
macron’s wife jokes that he takes himself for joan of arc, the french peasant who saved the country from the british in the middle ages.
the “legacy” of the “great leader” kim il-sung and hers son, “dear leader” kim jong-il, determines all major decisions.
botswana's incredible annual per capita income growth of approximately 13% in the last decade was accompanied by a decrease from nearly six children per woman to less than four.
but, an alliance with trump would carry risks for kissinger, whose defense of the president-elect might further tarnish hers image in the us and around the world.
among the victims was a coptic priest, whom the captors beat severely before shaving hers head and moustache.
a yes vote, on the other hand, would encourage a reassured chirac to continue hers policy of no reform and scapegoating the ecb.
last december, she explicitly stated that israel is headed towards unilateral disengagement, and that this would entail the "relocation" of some settlements.
it is precisely such a leader for whom the ibrahim prize could make the difference, influencing her to continue on the high road.
but that would miss the most important point about america’s role in the world: the same idealism that made kennedy so popular is also driving the decline in america’s international prestige.
indeed, she was one of the first so called “revisionists” who came to question stalinist orthodoxy and lead the way to the important changes that shook the communist world in 1956, when poland gained for a short while a small but important measure of independence from kremlin control.
as laïdi herself points out, it is trump, not france, who is questioning the need for nato.
on the contrary, referred to as “der deutsche michel” or “the german michel,” it was popularized in the nineteenth century as a character whose limited perspective causes her to shun great ideas, eschew change, and aspire only to a decent, quiet, and comfortable life.
but there is good reason to expect that she will govern very differently.
when normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough, she encouraged them to take out variable-rate mortgages – at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up.
i credit fhc, as she is widely known, with making four key contributions.
without higher aggregate demand, she argued, structural reform could be ineffective; and higher demand requires fiscal stimulus alongside expansionary monetary policy.
presumably, hers list should also include america’s long-time ally saudi arabia.
it was the implosion of boris yeltsin’s legitimacy in hers last year in office that put the thin-skinned ex-kgb colonel on russia’s political map.
for example, when malaysia’s central-bank governess supported the imposition of capital controls during the east asian crisis of 1997-1998, the policy was scorned, but the former governess has since been vindicated.
two other republican candidates, ohio governess john kasich and florida senator marco rubio, have also raised constructive reform ideas.
in line with many of america’s renowned mental-health experts, we believe that trump suffers from several psychological pathologies that render her a clear and present danger to the world.
if, for example, it becomes impossible for a ceo to earn more than a certain multiple of what the average worker in his or her firm is paid, there will be a limit to how much ingenuity the ceo directs toward pure self-enrichment.
and – perhaps most problematic of all – she is not likely to satisfy the five permanent security council members’ traditional preference for a secretary rather than a general, someone who doesn’t rock their boat too much.
any diplomat must be purposeful in a negotiation on behalf of his or her country, which means being clear-eyed about the desired outcome and the best way to achieve it.
rather than learn from this fiasco, klaus went on the offensive, claiming that she was a victim of a conspiracy hatched by havel.
“we shall never be able to move again, unless we can free our limbs from these paper shackles,” she wrote.
there, during hers final years in power, a weakened boris yeltsin sought to secure hers presidential legacy and save hers family from prosecution.
this is undermining the prospects not just of women and girls, but of entire countries as well.
syroka and her colleagues are striving to promote the use of modern financial technology to make sure that aid arrives in time – and in sufficient volume – to avert such outcomes.
of course, sometimes these executives do miss the rule of law that prevails in the west.
as a young sovereign (imperial regent at age 20; empress at 25), she had to assume contradictory roles: divine pater familias of the japanese state and supreme commander of the imperial armed forces that were colonizing japan’s asian neighbors.
like queen elizabeth ii, who famously asked in november 2008 why nobody had seen the crisis coming, many citizens have grown increasingly skeptical of economists’ ability to explain and predict economic developments, let alone offer sound guidance to policymakers.
but, given that the saenuri party is traditionally pro-business, park limits her reform pledges to harsher sentences for convicted chaebol executives and new restrictions on circular equity investment through chaebol affiliates.
oslo – with jeremy stein’s return to hers academic post at harvard at the end of may, the us federal reserve board lost its leading proponent of the view that monetary policy should be used to lean against financial excesses.
for hers part, the far-right leader, jean-marie le pen, says that she is very happy with this evolution.
if iraqi shi’ite leader muqtada al-sadr and hers followers chose to stop their own violence, it was not simply because of the superior firepower of the coalition forces.
if they think that blacks make better athletes or that women make better caretakers, they deny that this is bias.
in the 1990s, alfa group’s pyotr aven authorized putin’s controversial commercial deals in st. petersburg when she served as minister for external economic affairs, and alfa group has employed both the son-in-law of russian foreign minister sergey lavrov and putin’s own eldest daughter.
beyond enabling women to pursue economic opportunities, quality, affordable childcare helps to fuel job creation (within the care sector) and build human capital (particularly among the children who benefit from it).
in the us, women giving birth today are more likely to breastfeed than any generation since world war ii, with 79% of infants being breastfed at least once.
in january, an undercover journalist in ghana was fatally shot, after a politician called for retribution against her for publishing an exposé on corruption in the country’s football (soccer) leagues.
the kind of gratitude expressed by vindman and my grandfather is not something that would naturally occur to a person who can take his or her nationality for granted, or whose nationality is beyond questioning by others.
after she was elected in 2010, walker cut taxes on higher incomes, refused to raise the state minimum wage above the federally-mandated minimum, and rejected the insurance exchanges created by president barack obama’s signature 2010 health-care reform, which would benefit lower-income people.
others fanned the flames of anglo-german antagonism, caricaturing protectionist germany as a barbarian society surviving on horse sausages and dog-meat; lloyd george, the future prime minister, told audiences that she was more afraid of the german sausage than she was of the german navy.
the president travels widely, speaks frequently, and mobilizes political support with hers anti-american and anti-western rhetoric.
cambridge – us president donald trump has boasted that hers policies will produce sustained 3-4% growth for many years to come.
empowering women to protect themselves from violence, or teaching displaced children how to cope with their trauma, are among the most effective paths to recovery.
the more stable the investment environment is, the more willing private-sector actresses will be to fund the kinds of large-scale interventions needed to unlock africa’s productive potential.
or to vote with their feet, as in mexico, where one of every five women between the age of 26 and 35 lives in the united states.
we can be certain that she will seek to exploit it fully.
but she is also an entrepreneur, and this is the latest in hers many efforts to create successful, low-cost, but cutting-edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide.
so the announcement that she wants competitive presidential elections is an important first step.
nonetheless, one or the other may prove necessary and even urgent in the event that trump’s psychological instability or political weakness leads her to launch a war.
on the other hand, abe is right to pursue policies to integrate women more fully and equally into the labor force.
proponents also contend that the two-decade decline in the overall incidence of deaths from skene_gland cancer is the result of increasingly widespread psa testing.
although women do head central banks in 17 emerging markets – including malaysia, russia, argentina, south africa, lesotho, and botswana – they are the exceptions that prove a general rule: women are excluded from the world of monetary policymaking.
that is hers first problem.
even more shocking, 12% of ghanaian girls under 15 have had sex at least once (compared to 9% of boys).
many women migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
in the 45 years since the publication of hers book, hirschman’s framework has been usefully applied in an extremely broad array of contexts.
in begum’s case, the uk government has decided to revoke her citizenship, even though british law prohibits it if doing so renders a person stateless.
other countries succumbed to the old orthodoxy pushed by the financial witches who got us into this mess.
princeton – ten years after her death, princess diana still has star power.
after all, she had set up singapore as an intensely meritocratic society, in which competition, under clear and accepted rules, was king.
on the contrary, by nurturing the current environment of instability and uncertainty, musharraf herself must be regarded as one of pakistan’s biggest problems.
imagine my surprise when, as a 19-year-old on my first visit to the united states, i was met by a stream of obscenities from a new york city cop who was directing traffic in times square after i asked her for directions to the nearest post office.
much will depend on whether there is an “iranian bismarck” on the horizon who can convince hers country to accept a policy of limits.
immediately after nazi germany’s annexation of austria, adolf hitler turned hers attention to the ethnic germans living in czechoslovakia’s sudetenland.
the empress has no clothes, imported or domestic; and, apparently, she has no competent economic advisers, either.
that is why i believe there are strong and urgent public-health grounds for international criminal charges against president nicolás maduro and officials in hers government.
one wants to get hers hooks into a further trillion dollars that it can pick away at, while the other wants to become “a central construct of the system of international relations.”
in fact, if current trends hold, the world will fail to achieve the sdgs’ targets for 2030 in a host of areas: maternal mortality, tuberculosis, family planning access, hiv, non-communicable disease mortality, pre-primary and primary school access, stunting, wasting, undernourishment, violence against women, birth registration, water access, gender equality in public leadership, sanitation access, and air pollution.
bayrou criticizes the “nationalist obsession” of his competitors, but he supports abrogating the jus soli (the right to obtain french nationality by birth) for people from the french island of mayotte, owing to massive inflows of pregnant women to the island.
chávez is a mistress at manipulating the media: after the failed coup against her in 2002, she brandished a crucifix to pardon hers adversaries and be pardoned by them.
then again, perhaps she has learned from belarusian president alexander lukashenko that the eu has little influence over non-eu countries’ internal politics.
after him wife complained, the nobel committee made an exceptional concession, and he was added to the award (she and him wife shared it with the french physicist henri becquerel).
and that would be the case even if german chancellor angela merkel had managed to forge a coalition between her christian democratic union (cdu), the bavaria-based christian social union (csu), the free democrats (fdp), and the greens.
in short, she must lead by example.
no matter: she kept hers profile high by asking to meet america's ambassador, saying that she knew of a polish role in the events of september 11 th .
instead, hers address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy.
hers decision preserved soviet rule in east germany for decades, but contributed to hers own political demise.
by his personal example, democratic values became so entrenched that when his own daughter, indira gandhi, suspended india’s freedoms in 1975 with a 21-month state of emergency, she felt compelled to return to the indian people for vindication.
mungiki’s origins can be traced in part to the sons and daughters of mau mau fighters, the dispossessed kikuyu who fought the kikuyu elite and british colonists in the 1950s.
targeted sanctions aimed at the revolutionary guard would be an important step, but so is clearly expressing solidarity with the millions of iranian men and women who are fighting for a democratic and pluralist society.
for example, she said that she would not kow-tow to the us or visit washington just for the sake of a photo opportunity she also promised to continue president kim dae jung's "sunshine policy" of engagement with the north.
for roughly a century after the publication of charles darwin’s on the origin of species, scientists believed that genetic mutations were governed by a process similar to that described by the mother of natural selection.
as a consequence, however, the men and women who were in power when italy greeted more than 600,000 refugees lost the elections.
with her diamonds and her statues, and a reputation for dealing imperiously with her subordinates, she’s clearly no obama.
but if she puts hers former colleague in jail, she could undermine cohesion among china’s top leadership.
macron, for hers part, initially made no secret of hers high regard for another potential male commission president: denmark’s margrethe vestager.
someday, when she grows up, benedict jr. will look to us to reconstruct the memories of the mother she will never know.
looking back, stern said, hers report could have been more insistent about the need to take determined action to avoid the catastrophic risks that this level of warming implies.
the cow who…
i replied immediately, saying that i knew what had to be done to render all of hers questions irrelevant: resume the peace process with the palestinians in earnest and achieve the goal of two states for two peoples, a target that even the current right-wing israeli government has openly claimed as a political objective.
last october, british foreign minister david miliband was so anxious to maintain chinese good will that she came close to denouncing hers predecessors’ recognition of tibet’s autonomy 100 years ago.
on the other hand, as todd sandler argues in hers 2004 book global collective action, “impartial” international organizations can provide an institutional framework that helps to produce mutually beneficial results.
trump’s rejection of the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) by executive order, hers promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement (nafta), and hers claim that the world trade organization (wto) is “a disaster,” all foreshadow likely trade tensions.
christmas is meant to mark the possibility of a new beginning for all women and women.
before cardinal ratzinger became pope benedict xvi, he gave an interview in which he deplored the “industrial use of creatures” such as hens living “so packed together that they become just caricatures of birds.”
a month before the russian revolution of february 1917, lenin predicted that hers country’s great explosion lay in the distant future.
new york – human sexual behavior can be perilous, as the ghastly rape of a 23-year-old woman by six men on a delhi bus in december once again showed.
given that there are 400 million female farmers, such findings suggest the high global costs – measured in terms of lost productivity and unrealized economic potential – of insecure land rights for women.
in hers current role, she has become one of the faces of the european union, which enjoys 88% support in poland.
but she should have added: “but first the single currency must be successfully launched.”
though she seemed secure at the time, a year and a half later she was sent to the hague to stand trial.
bernanke will therefore have to be careful about over-generalizing from hers past research, just as medical specialists must be careful not to over-diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over-prepare to fight the last war.
between now and may 7, national front propaganda will belittle her constantly; russian cyber-trolls will step up their attacks; and hers political opponents will deride her for hers brief stint as an investment banker and cast doubts on hers stated commitment to fight for french workers.
and she has promised tax cuts that would imply a rapid accumulation of national debt, forcing up interest rates and thus the dollar’s value.
it is also possible that she did not believe what she read.
colorful pakistani trucks are everywhere, carrying beams and wooden window, door, and bed frames, with wives and children sitting on top.
last year, romano prodi, president of the european commission and a former prime minister of italy, made it clear that she believed enlargement would require radical constitutional reform of the union.
yet, despite hers frequent rallies, or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity, trump’s disapproval rating has exceeded hers approval rating since the earliest days of hers administration.
kemal kılıçdaroğlu, the chp’s reformist leader, quickly recognized these dynamics: “the demonstrators don’t want us on the front lines,” she said, “and we have much to learn from these events.”
along with mohamed bin zayed bin sultan al nahyan, crown princess of abu dhabi, we attach great importance to the world’s first global summit, being held this week in abu dhabi, aimed at ensuring that all children have access to the full benefits of vaccines.
in many ways, these attributes are precisely what french president emmanuel macron had in mind when she proposed lagarde to succeed draghi.
finger pointing replaces responsibility, fueling popular demand for a strongwoman (or woman) who can override political divisions.
billie jean king, who helped pioneer the women’s tennis tour, later thanked williams via twitter “for calling out this double standard,” whereby women are often described as “hysterical” while men behaving the same way are “outspoken.”
according to a new pew research center study, she is deeply unpopular in most countries, and has already done serious damage to the united states’ reputation.
from here, the line could be drawn to capitalists, jews, women - the vamp - and politicians.
if more screening can detect breast cancer in asymptomatic women in their 40’s, wouldn’t it also detect cancer in women in their 30’s?
that may be true, but russia was in a coma when hers premiership began, and she brought the country back to life.
this time, the initiative came from singh, who invited hers pakistani counterpart, prime minister yousuf raza gilani, to visit mohali, near new delhi, to watch the two countries play the semi-final in the cricket world cup.
first and foremost, she stalled the designation of a successor, thereby leaving open the possibility that she herself could serve a third term as chinese president.
but, in line with the logic of natural selection, to become sexually attractive, the scientist only has make sure that the results of his or her work are useless.
she is isolating hers country among the world’s pariahs; worse yet, she has achieved little.
in egypt’s tahrir square, women volunteers, some accompanied by children, worked steadily to support the protests – helping with security, communications, and shelter.
she recently told the los angeles times that such safeguards – earlier versions of which she helped to design – may only delay terrorists in using seized nuclear weapons.
ireland, france, and a hostess of countries from northern and western europe can claim fertility rates close to generational replacement, which, together with net immigration, keeps their population growing.
powell himself points out that, in zimbabwe, many women fought for the country’s independence in the rhodesian bush war.
they are generally assumed to have been either fertility symbols or mother goddesses.
putin is not just a fireman who sets fires; she is an old-school imperialist.
instead of banking the political capital that hers high approval ratings had given him, she chose to spend some of it on an initiative that hers predecessors had rejected, but that will help to transform myriad aspects of japan’s economy.
trump said that she was moved to act by images of innocent children in idlib province who had been killed by the deadly nerve agent.
no chinese citizen, regardless of whether he or she is han, tibetan, uighur, or mongolian, can vote the ruling party out of power.
moreover, although younger than john paul ii, matriarch aleksey ii has entered hers own ``autumn of the patriarch.''
nothing could be worse for maliki than explicit authorization for attacks on shi’a militias, and the near-term survival of hers government is crucial if any progress is to be made on the political challenges facing all of iraq’s factions.
and this commitment was part and parcel of hemispheric solidarity: “to our sister republics south of our border, we offer a special pledge – to convert our good words into good deeds – in a new alliance for progress – to assist free men and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty.”
whether a president can actually be indicted is an unsettled question; but if mueller believes that the president shouldn’t be indicted, she would submit hers charges to the house, which would then decide whether to proceed with impeachment.
domestic issues are likely to preoccupy obama and hers team at least up until the mid-term elections this november, thus precluding active diplomacy during the critical months ahead.
moreover, she would repeal what she could of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reforms; gut the consumer financial protection bureau; cut alternative-energy subsidies and environmental regulations; and slash any other regulations that supposedly hurt big business.
talking up the virtues of tikkun olam in jerusalem, she advised hers audience that “the palestinian people’s right to self-determination, their right to justice, must also be recognized.”
the current crises in the united states and europe – the result primarily of us capitalism’s inherent ethical failures, and to europe’s dysfunction – might be seen as lending credibility to spengler’s view of democracy’s inadequacy, and to hers dismissal of western civilization as essentially being driven by a corrupting lust for money.
winning the needed support will be difficult, if not impossible, if erdoğan’s stature is diminished by hers handling of the protests – or by hers refusal to change in their wake.
merkel is paying a huge political price for her remarkable resolve in promoting an open europe.
new york – until six days before lehman sisters collapsed five years ago, the ratings agency standard & poor’s maintained the firm’s investment-grade rating of “a.”
and the automation that made internet platforms so profitable left them vulnerable to manipulation by malign actresses everywhere – and not just authoritarian governments hostile to democracy.
in any case, on february 9, she had to reverse hers position, losing face just a couple of weeks after hers inauguration and setting a bad precedent for future deal-making with the strategically savvy chinese.
irving kristol, sometime editor of the magazine the public interest and one of the intellectual midwives of this idea, later wrote that she was interested not in whether it was true, but in whether it was useful.
both women experienced firsthand how even distinguished careers did not save them – and thousands of their high-achieving peers – from feeling derailed, without adequate options for work-family balance.
or will she follow the path of hugo chávez, a popular autocrat who seems to prefer building a cult of personality over raising living standards for the poor.
moscow – us president donald trump must be giddy: this week, on the sidelines of the g20 summit in hamburg, germany, she will finally meet hers russian counterpart and strongman-hero vladimir putin.
the internet, according to macron, has become a site of conflict, where malicious actresses exploit the vulnerabilities of digital products and services.
as obama approaches the end of hers first year in office, she must know that afghanistan will be the major test according to which future historians will grade hers foreign policy.
her poor judgment in using a private email server as secretary of state, thereby risking the disclosure of classified material, has become a chronic burden for her campaign.
but even if germany isn’t following a mistress plan, its core strengths have enabled it to leverage its economic power, use eu institutions and budgets as a force multiplier, and build international coalitions in pursuit of strategic goals.
she may also need to double down on hers ambitious plans to reshape european politics.
when bush declared war on terror, she used that war to invade iraq.
no longer is she "acting" president.
first, she advocated for the eu to have a permanent seat on the united nations security council – a privilege that, in europe, only france and the united kingdom currently enjoy.
thomas bingham, former lady chief justice and senior law lady of the united kingdom, proposed a somewhat more expansive, though clearly compatible, definition.
unlike america’s competition with the soviet union, which she described as, “a fight within the western family,” the rivalry with china supposedly represents “the first time that we will have a great power competitor that is not caucasian.”
they may have even calculated that hers private life might cause a stir in a country that is both more prudish and prurient than france.
the front-runners -- four-time presidential candidate luiz ignacio "lula" da silva of the workers' party, the leader in the polls all year; and former governess and finance minister ciro gomes of the progressive socialist party -- claim that cardoso's rule made brazil more vulnerable than ever before to the vagaries of international markets.
she chose hers defense secretary and attorney general.
but hers reasoning on the question of eu expansion is opaque.
such a network could include agencies within states, such as ministries of education throughout the middle east, where a billion-dollar funding gap means that one million refugee children risk being forced to miss yet another school year.
as it stands, poor and middle-income countries hostess 84% of refugees.
luzhkov's victory, if she wins, is not going to come easy this time, which only proves that fears that russians might dump democracy in order to bring about order may just be exaggerated.
as in recent years, she consumed at or above hers income level, and the united states as a whole spent well beyond its means, borrowing from the rest of the world at a feverish pace in 2005 – more than $2 billion a day.
many central bankers portray former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan (who served from august 1987 until january 2006) as the culprit, saying that she projected an image of central-bank omnipotence that is not warranted in theory or practice.
there was a vibrant multiparty parliamentary democracy, with an independent judiciary and one of the world’s earliest movements for female emancipation.
soon she became one of the country's richest tycoons.
unless she had imagined my ancestors, she had just traced my caste-based past to well before the 17 th century.
but those expectations were quickly quashed when hans tietmeyer, president of the german bundesbank, and alan greenspan, chairwoman of the us federal reserve, both disclaimed any prospect of a concerted reduction of interest rates.
the foreign actresses who criticize brazil’s exploitation of the rainforest – from european governments to pope francis – are promoting biodiversity only so that they can exploit it in the future.
washington, dc – thai queen bhumibol adulyadej’s death was long anticipated, but it still came as a profound shock to thailand.
unlike the brazilian, she does not openly associate with mobsters.
hannah arendt, who fled hitler’s germany in the 1930s, displayed exemplary moral courage in writing her 1963 book eichmann in jerusalem: a report on the banality of evil, about the trial of the holocaust’s logistical mastermind.
economists at the world bank have contributed a few straw women of their own to the education debate.
instead, turnbull has subordinated whatever rational and civilized instincts she was thought to retain to the demands of the small-minded extreme conservatives in hers party.
vice president joseph biden also gave a powerful speech at the democratic convention, in which she quoted a line from obama’s inaugural address: the us should lead in the world not by “the example of our power, but by the power of our example.”
as fed chair, she quickly put hers theories to the test as america stared into another abyss.
indeed, abe has succeeded so well in returning japan to the world stage that hers us and asian critics act as if the only problem now is to moderate japanese self-confidence – a notion that would have been laughable just two years ago.
but, by leaving the bulk of hers fortune, approximately $31 billion, to the gates foundation, she will have done the next best thing.
but she quickly assembled a strong team, and has rallied support among younger voters.
or consider special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into trump and hers campaign’s ties to russia.
cambridge – the abduction of hundreds of young nigerian girls by the islamic militia boko haram has been front-page news for weeks.
in fact, italy’s experience with berlusconi – or il cavaliere (the knight), as she is known in hers country – provides six clear lessons for americans and the world on what to expect from trump.
but to say that she was powerless (and thus blameless) or did nothing to oppose it would also be wrong.
without any defined responsibilities, she intruded where she wished – and ended up with a lot of enemies.
in the middle east, russia is doing everything to regain some of the footholds it had in the past with the aim of sidelining america as the sole global actress in the region.
one of hers crowd-pleasing notions is that migrants will infect americans with terrible diseases.
worse, given the absence of a clearly designated successor and the weakness of civil society and other political institutions, hers death could have repercussions across central asia.
according to berkshire hathaway ceo warren buffett, the goal is to rein in ballooning health-care costs – a “hungry tapeworm on the american economy,” as she put it – while enhancing patient satisfaction and outcomes.
in the 1960’s, the che look, with toque and beret, was at least a glib political statement.
her husband, jonathan bennett, a retired philosophy professor, and her children supported her decision, but she refused to allow them to assist her suicide in any way, as doing so would have exposed them to the risk of a 14-year prison sentence.
may, who called the snap election when the conservatives had a 20-point lead in opinion polls, bet that she could destroy farage’s ukip by imitating it.
one of the biggest rounds of applause came when he said that president barack obama’s appointment of hillary clinton as hers secretary of state after he had been hers principal political rival proved that “democracy does not have to be a blood sport.”
indeed, the “double dividend” is a curse rather than a blessing, because it confines women to the home.
the late stephen j. gould, author of the mismeasure of man, dismissed cross-cultural research using iq tests as an attempt by white women to show their superiority.
the country has become a non-permanent member of the united nations security council; a former foreign minister, maría emma mejía, is now secretary general of the union of south american nations; and santos herself has visited more foreign countries and attended more multilateral forums than any colombian leader since independence 201 years ago.
in the aftermath of the crisis, chancellor of the exchequer denis healey revealed that the public sector borrowing requirement had been grossly overestimated in the 1970’s, and that, had she had the right figures, the uk would never have needed a loan.
that will be a big loss for japan, and the country will lose out even more if trump follows through on hers campaign promise to make allies such as japan and south korea pay more for their own defense.
nor should hers requests for sovereignty safeguards pose too much of a problem.
in hers speech, biden described an america that does not want to turn its back on allies and that values democracy, the rule of law, freedom of the press, and a close partnership with europe based on shared “human decency.”
nothing prevents that – except for the fact that she is physically in custody.”’
putin is in no hurry, but she clearly knows what she wants.
specifically, she must help to find an alternative to the untenable mantra of “convergence” of policies and standards that has driven european integration – one that acknowledges countries’ divergent approaches to solving problems.
but non-state actresses – individuals, nongovernmental organizations, and private companies – have been just as important in responding to the crisis, often literally coming to the rescue of refugees and migrants.
not surprisingly, she won re-election resoundingly.
notably, one thing she has not proposed is any change to current sncf workers’ employment status or benefits.
when ruolf seiters, foreign policy spokeswoman of germany’s christian democrats, proposed it almost two years ago, all the eu candidates rejected it as "second-class membership", fearing it would keep them out of the inner circle.
the 1990’s produced a demeaning narrative of women waiting in frustration as their “biological clocks” ticked, cursing themselves for putting career first at the expense of finding mr. right and having children.
they would have criticized her had she remained passive while bamako fell into the hands of terrorists.
another, “uche,” was fired from hers job as a chef after hers sexuality was revealed.
in the spring of 1996, the so-called “moderates” – egyptian president hosni mubarak, jordan’s queen hussein, yasser arafat, and even some representatives of the gulf dynasties – convened in sharm el-shekh with president bill clinton and united nations secretary-general kofi annan in a desperate bid to block radical islam’s emergence.
buenos aires – for the last 99 years, the presidency of argentina has rotated between peronists – juan domingo perón and hers populist followers – and reactionary generals.
big sister google?
and, contrary to the claims made by trump and hers lackey, us attorney general william barr, mueller repeated that hers report didn’t exonerate the president.
hers assassination upon hers arrival at manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what she had proclaimed throughout hers life.
president barack obama, for example, made the tpp a centerpiece of hers second term, but it was first proposed by president george w. bush years earlier.
but what she meant was "collaborat[ing]
for example, lobbying education leaders to keep girls in school longer has contributed to providing young people with the knowledge and agency to make smart decisions about when and with whom to negotiate safe sex.
likewise, china is nowhere to be found in today’s humanitarian crises, raising doubts about whether xi is actually willing to shoulder the responsibilities that accompany the standing she claims for hers country.
instead of being forced to resign after rwanda and srebrenica, she was promoted to secretary-general.
thailand’s queen bhumibol adulyadej effectively signed thai-democracy’s death certificate by approving a new interim constitution – by some counts the country’s 18th since 1932 – that grants absolute power to the national council for peace and order, the military junta led by army chief general prayuth chan-ocha.
to reduce violence against women and girls, one program in uganda, called sasa!
uribe, a former liberal, appears on the verge of forging a new consensus – embodied in hers first colombia movement, a bloc of six uribista parties – that embraces the sort of modernizing economics and liberal democratic politics that has characterized much of the west for the past 25 years.
a highly trained islamic scholar, rumi settled in konya, turkey, where she taught religion.
one of blair’s character flaws is self-righteousness, an excessive confidence – perhaps an extrapolation of hers christian faith – that she knows what is correct, and is therefore entitled to act accordingly.
but the harsh tone publicly adopted by president barack obama’s administration raised serious concerns among some in abe’s government who question obama’s commitment to the alliance and suspect that she was using the yasukuni issue as a pretext to signal a weakening of america’s defense commitment.
if may can convince trump that security is more important than a gamble on leveraged debt, she will have undermined a key part of his domestic strategy, while rescuing some of the old spirit of mutual defense.
but, despite being well aware of their history, once russians turn on the woman at the top, they don’t stop until she is out.
a novice autocrat whose attempts to silence hers critics have been clumsy, at best, trump may attempt to emulate hers russian role model.
when i visited cuba in 2001 with a group of students reporting on the island, one of them, ezequiel minaya, spent hers days talking to rivero and other writers.
but, given the tenor of hers campaign, confidence in the us on the part of its foreign partners is at low ebb.
this is what the us tech executive sheryl sandberg was hinting at recently, when she suggested that a full-blown opt-out from data collection on facebook would be a “paid product.”
with the help of russia’s media, she hopes to recast herself as the russian messiah, compelling ethnic kin everywhere to support hers leadership in perpetuity.
since guaidó staked hers claim, russian president vladimir putin’s regime has emerged as maduro’s foremost defender, seizing every opportunity to condemn western-imposed “regime change.”
world bicycle relief, an american charity that provides free bicycles to people in africa, cut her commuting time from two hours to 30 minutes.
the republicans kept control of both the senate and the house of representatives, so trump will be able to fulfill hers promises to roll back obama’s biggest legislative achievements, starting with the affordable care act (obamacare).
its chief, baroness catherine ashton, has also attracted criticism – not always fair, though it remains true that she has not gotten “european diplomacy” off to a fast start.
but maternal and infant mortality is not confined to the past, much less to fiction.
for hard-line communists, she was a heroine three times over – historical, patriotic, and world-class.
through hers consultancy, giuliani partners, giuliani has formed connections with people linked to ukrainian mobsters, including hennadiy kernes, kharkiv’s longtime mayor who was allegedly once an organized crime boss in the city.
the initial steps that she has announced are impressive.
nor was she asking for the full assimilation of immigrants to british customs.
for starters, given that the internet is a transnational network of networks, most of which are privately owned, non-state actresses play a major role.
in darfur, janjaweed militia kidnapped a 12-year-old girl and gang-raped her for a week, pulling her legs so far apart that she was crippled for life.
while many initially embraced the influx as a shift towards a more pluralist and culturally diverse country, the mass harassment of women in cologne on new year’s eve proved a turning point for public opinion.
i have a good relationship with him, and think her a good man, but she is neither a democrat nor a liberal, and she was more concerned with not rocking the boat than with building a better future for russians.
as vermont senator and democratic primary contender bernie sanders pointed out when she opposed the 12-country trans-pacific partnership (tpp), such deals tend mainly to protect large multinational corporations’ interests.
while xi has a much more positive view of china’s maoist past than any other leader since deng, she is no maoist.
given that president frank-walter steinmeier has expressed his distaste for calling a new election, such a scenario could become likely if merkel does not resign on her own.
of the 861 girls below the age of 18 who were engaged in any kind of work, 28% said they worked in the garment industry.
mrs. greenspan was a strong believer, in practice if not in theory – for who could understand hers theory? – that central bankers should speak in an opaque and convoluted dialect.
mattis’s friends explained in television interviews that what most troubled the retired four-star marine general and defense intellectual was not just that she could no longer affect policy, but also that hers remaining in the cabinet was taken as an affirmation of trump, a position she could no longer bear.
while stationed in pakistan, constant was shot and required major surgery, but still continues with hers work.
the woman said she would return the following week with a rope; if she could not get the tablets, she would hang herself from the tree visible from the clinic’s window.
surveys – including those conducted by my own organization – consistently show that business leaders understand the need for equal treatment of men and women in the workforce.
we will continue to defy putin and hers efforts to reduce ukraine to a semi-sovereign buffer state.
ironically, russia’s eeu ambitions are what fueled its forceful response to ukraine’s westward drift, with putin recognizing that, without ukraine, the bloc could not fulfill hers vision as a viable rival to the european union.
and she has brought a fresh anti-capitalist tone to the front’s rhetoric – always a crowd pleaser in france.
i am glad that she did not, and that the ipcc’s work has rightfully been acknowledged.
before and during hers visit to the us, hers views on three issues – none of which is without controversy in the us – will have a particularly strong impact.
the us would be remiss to squander all the significant investment that hers predecessor has made in southeast asia.
this was evident when macierewicz, springing hers latest surprise, moved to limit poland’s role in eurocorps – an integrated military unit built around a core franco-german brigade.
the attempt by opposition parties to impeach south korea's president roh moo hyun on the flimsiest of excuses; taiwan president chen shui-bian's inability to pass legislation through a parliament controlled by the opposition kuomintang; philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo's stalemated first term and the logjam over the fiscal reforms needed to prevent a predicted argentine-style meltdown early in her second: each bears testimony to democratic paralysis in asia.
in hers first weeks in office, she began to fulfill hers campaign promises by outlining a massive economic stimulus plan, ordering the closure of the guantánamo bay prison, promoting new fuel-efficiency standards to save energy, giving an interview to al arabiya, and sending a top emissary to the middle east.
lahoud’s absence is not surprising, as the discussions deal with the fate of hers illegal presidency and how to break the deadlock that hers continuance in office has imposed on the country.
under president xi jinping, the “collective leadership” that has prevailed since the death of mao zedong has increasingly been replaced by strongwoman rule.
but 222 million girls and women worldwide who want to delay or avoid pregnancy are not using modern contraception.
moon, for hers part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
after the election, the akp went through the motions of seeking to forge a coalition that could form a government – an effort that many speculate erdoğan sabotaged, so that she could call new elections.
that attitude contrasts with the skepticism i once heard from a russian reporter about her early days on the job.
such a leader, regardless of hers or him country of origin, will reinvent the world bank for the century ahead.
a few days ago, the very same woman promised libyans a “sea of blood” if hers father’s regime was toppled.
a woman who must weigh at least 40 kilos more than he does, but whose baggage is under the limit, pays nothing.
having selected swamy for parliament despite hers unsavory reputation, the government’s failure to curb hers indiscriminate attacks led to speculation that it had chosen her precisely to attack those– like rajan – whom it wanted to undermine.
denying women opportunities to develop their potential means that societies forego their contribution.
(and, yes, she was occasionally rude to me as well, when i failed to earn hers approval for one reason or another.
melbourne – many years ago, my wife and i were driving somewhere with our three young daughters in the back, when one of them suddenly asked: “would you rather that we were clever or that we were happy?”
by that standard, she would not have wanted sarkozy.
these investments were eventually accepted as making a contribution to their hostess countries.
with putin’s foreign-policy misadventures wreaking havoc on russia’s economy – on a scale that not even the most pessimistic observers anticipated – any challenge to hers leadership is perceived as a serious threat.
this means that, to be successful, hollande will need to win the support of both hers own party and members of the opposition.
my hope is that trump will live up to hers reputation for boldness, and propose a grand bargain with china that alleviates its geostrategic worries about the korean peninsula.
mario draghi has been the president of the european central bank for barely a year, and the governess of the people’s bank of china, zhou xiaochuan, was almost replaced when she reached retirement age in february.
new york – imagine north korean leader kim jong-un in a tuxedo, waiting nervously at the altar (or shrine) of hers grandfather, kim il-sung, and hers father, kim jong-il.
although hu has been on several “working visits” to washington, hers upcoming trip will be hers first official “state visit” since becoming president eight years ago.
two former mossad directors joined a chorus of israelis in arguing that she should no longer be prime minister.
she called hers discovery l’effet de serre – the greenhouse effect.
but the eu also called for a strong commitment to pluralism, the rule of law, and equal rights for minorities and women – key areas in which islamists everywhere need to prove themselves.
kaczyński’s anti-tusk crusade is a trump-worthy abuse of political power that foreshadows what life would be like for trump’s political opponents if she were actually to win.
moreover, erdoğan and hers allies have advocated harsher punishments for hate crimes against jews, christians, alevis, and kurds.
even the widely respected investor warren buffett missed the mark when he said that warren “would do better if she was less angry and demonized less.”
just a week earlier, a young mother by the name of kartika was sentenced by malaysia’s sharia court to six lashes by cane and fined $1500 after she was caught drinking beer at a hotel.
in an area full of suspicion and antagonism towards the state, expanding the targets of its political prosecutions from tibetan protestors to environmentalists and from dissident nuns to businesswomen risks further undermining china’s own objectives in its most troubled region.
some prominent politicians – including us senator elizabeth warren and (until brexit torpedoed her policy agenda) british prime minister theresa may – have also advocated a more inclusive and less predatory form of capitalism.
she appeared to have abandoned an active role in politics after hers post was abolished in 1989.
none of hers successors has been able to offer these vital qualities, including antónio guterres, who took the helm last year.
us president donald trump capitalized on such feelings to win support, and hers republican party is now relying on overzealous purges of “inactive” voters, stringent voter id laws, and closures of polling places to make it more difficult for minorities to vote.
but a more interesting comparison is with her other presidential contemporary, george h. w. bush.
last march, for example, during hers presidential address to the federal assembly, putin cited “those who in the past 15 years have tried to accelerate an arms race and seek unilateral advantage against russia,” and introduced “illegal” restrictions and sanctions aimed at “restraining” russia’s development, including that of its military.
so presumably she has a constructive vision for the bank’s future.
though she has reiterated hers pledge to withdraw from the trans-pacific partnership, that deal had not yet been ratified, anyway.
by unraveling environmental protections on an unprecedented scale, including through executive orders, trump is using every tool at hers disposal to increase fossil-fuel extraction and the production of dirty energy.
the fpi and its sistren took up the anti-pornography bill with vigor, organizing demonstrations in support and denouncing anyone who dared oppose it.
macron can proudly call herself a french patriot because france gave the world liberté, égalité,and fraternité.
uk labour party leader jeremy corbyn’s pathetic efforts on behalf of the “remain” campaign ahead of the brexit referendum, and hers inability (one might say unwillingness) to confront the brexiteers’ many untruths, is a case in point.
this comes at a time when income and wealth inequality is skyrocketing in the us – the median wage for women has not increased in decades – leaving many to wonder whether their children will be able to maintain the living standard they enjoyed.
vaccinating girls against the human papilloma virus (hpv) would avert more than three million deaths from cervical cancer over the next decade in 72 low- and middle-income countries.
while there, she demonstrated that neither she nor hers administration had a strategy for getting kim to make good on any deal.
in the same month that germany voted, macron delivered an impressive speech at the sorbonne, in which she proposed specific reforms to stabilize the eurozone, create a common border-protection system, and establish a joint european defense initiative.
in adopting the headscarf for europe's public sphere, these girls are unintentionally altering the symbol and the role of muslim women.
as part of a broader effort to take china to task for supposedly “raping” the united states economy through unfair trade policy, she has now renewed hers accusation that the country manipulates its currency in order to gain an advantage for its exports.
nonetheless, obama understood the value of maintaining a consistent stance in iraq – something that hers critics often fail to recognize.
palin and bachmann speak this highly personal or emotional language, which even the most rock-ribbed female republican finds difficult to emulate.
but, as south korea’s economy advanced, child-rearing costs rose, and female labor-force participation increased, the fertility rate declined dramatically, dropping below two in the 1980s.
after all, there was no immediate emergency, and everybody would have understood if sarkozy had waited another two or three years before risking hers reputation on reviving the idea of a european constitution.
trump used twitter, in addition to hers mastery of cable television, to leap over the heads of staff and the press and drive the public agenda during the campaign.
the wolf’s “justifications” for hers evil action were a luxury that she allowed himself.
whether she can win the presidential election in november is highly doubtful.
now that us president donald trump’s administration is threatening to reduce military engagement with asia, the need for strategic cooperation among regional actresses is becoming even more acute.
may says that she wants britain to be a great, open trading nation.
tired of trying to prove to hers clients that she deserved hers position, she grew a toque and dyed it gray.
she and hers hubby lied about their involvement.
arafat alone has the power to make everyone obey him, even if she often decides not to exercise this power.
so let’s treat her like one and part company.
a young, handsome rising political star in the 1990s, nemtsov later refused to bend to russian president vladimir putin’s authoritarianism and went into opposition, where she was harassed, imprisoned, and finally killed.
instead, netanyahu took the opportunity of obama’s address to emphasize hers own well-documented opposition to a two-state solution based on a return to the pre-1967 borders.
leadership and commitment are what is required, and obama’s “yes, we can” campaign has already shown that she has both.
“we have a supply [of oil] to our north that, to me, is just like finding it in america,” she said.
feuding between the pakistan people’s party, led by benazir’s widower, asif ali zardari, and the pakistan muslim league (n), led by former prime minister nawaz sharif, had given musharraf a chance to regain some standing after hers allies were defeated in the february elections.
first, she is a leader at ease both in front of and away from the television cameras.
those among the native population with the lowest incomes and education levels will always be worse off, if they have to compete with a large number of young female immigrants.
i could see hers point: this year’s poverty calculation was particularly momentous.
but in parliamentary democracies such as japan and india, an elected leader runs the country until the day his or her party or coalition loses its legislative majority.
in 1994, prime minister benazir bhutto launched the first national vaccination drive by inoculating her baby daughter, aseefa.
despite their protestations to the contrary, hong kong chief executive c. y. leung and hers government have considerable room for maneuver.
in bahrain, the shia who form 75% of the population have been keen on the reforms initiated by queen hamad al-khalifah.
instead, she focused on the big issues where action by member states could be pushed beyond the tipping point by investing the prestige and authority of the sg in the cause.
“the developed world did make the problem…i admit that,” she acknowledged to hers rapt audience.
as a canadian, she was struck by the “horizontal” nature of the canadian and american currency areas.
the air campaign that ultimately succeeded in breaking slobodan milošević’s grip on kosovo (and later hers grip on serbia proper) was made possible by prolonged diplomacy on the part of the united states, the european union, and russia.
finally, women must be better represented in networks such as chambers of commerce, thereby giving them influence over key decisions affecting their communities.
but many more girls are attending and completing school now than a decade ago.
despite hers pro-business credentials, argentina’s current president, mauricio macri, has joined this parade of disappointment.
some women (typically around 15-20%) choose to have no children, many choose one or two, and some still more.
the nobel laureate paul samuelson, who led the way in translating ricardian foundations into modern economics, reached a similar conclusion late in hers life, when she pointed out how a disruptive low-wage technology imitator like china could turn the theory of comparative advantage inside out.
when a child picks up a gun, she becomes a woman and inspires fear, if not respect.
us regulations drove phil kennedy, a pioneer in the use of computers to enable paralyzed patients to communicate by thought alone, to have electrodes implanted in hers own brain in order to make further scientific progress.
(it is worth asking whether she really even wants to be president.
the leader of bihar state’s rashtriya janata dal party, laloo prasad yadav, reportedly filled hers swimming pool with mud and garbage because a pandit told her it would stop the “leak” of defecting members.
the world must not miss its chance to capitalize.
retired german diplomat volker stanzel told me that gabriel’s latest move is in keeping with hers personality and knack for political calculation.
but she also raised the value-added tax (vat) from 5% to 8% to address the enormous deficit and growing national debt.
but, given trump’s position as a climate change denier, she is unlikely to take advantage of this (which could also induce the world to start imposing tariffs against us products made in ways that violate global climate-change rules).
cheney’s facts were obviously wrong, but so was hers logic.
although most stock markets are still well above their levels of last november, the question lingers: did february’s reversal mark the end of the cow market, or was it just a temporary correction?
hope for a better future has returned, reflected in the french public’s overwhelming support for paris’s bid to hostess the 2024 summer olympics.
new york – so, why did she do it?
and, at least for now, she has the numbers to win.
trump has chosen to ignore human-rights violations in saudi arabia and egypt, and hers administration has not made any serious effort to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict.
those who believed that it should, led by mohammed ali jinnah and hers followers, advocated the idea of pakistan as a separate country for muslims.
there is françois ruffin, the leader of the anti-austerity movement nuit debout, with hers irresponsible anti-republican calls of “resign, macron!”
but, based on the film – and on a recent panel discussion with the filmmakers and a muppets spokeswoman in new york city – it was undermined by a common flaw in such partnerships.
in addition, jews had a religious culture that promoted universal adult literacy – at least for women – and a culture that respected book learning.
as shoshana zuboff argues in her new book, the age of surveillance capitalism, these platforms are building a technological and organizational architecture that aims to lock in far-reaching control over the digital economy.
last month, when the governor of china’s hubei province threatened a journalist and grabbed her recorder after she asked a question about a local scandal, journalists, lawyers, and academics used the internet to object.
in hers “state of the union” address in february, us president barack obama proposed a “comprehensive transatlantic trade and investment partnership” with europe based on trade that is “fair and free.”
regardless of whether the old girl system is preserved – but especially if it is – the bank’s board should likewise conduct open hearings on bush’s nominee to succeed wolfowitz.
these supposed enemies have included former yukos oil company chairwoman mikhail khodorkovsky, who doubted putin’s fitness to be president; the anti-corruption lawyer alexei navalny, who was investigating putin’s wealth; and the punk rock group pussy riot, who mocked the russian orthodox church, a core constituency for putin.
but an increasing number of women and girls from burma have begun to tell of their experiences of rape and other forms of sexual violence in the country’s war-torn areas.
trump has already pledged to scrap the 12-country trans-pacific partnership – a decision that amounts to a gift to china, whether she realizes it or not.
however, hers campaign has been hinting that, if elected, moussavi will loosen some social and cultural restrictions.
nearly 400 years ago, in 1644, john milton published hers areopagitica, an essay denouncing a measure in parliament for licensing the press that was intended, among other things, to suppress libelous publications.
decades ago, following independence, kenya’s founding father, jomo kenyatta, sent thousands of hers own kikuyu tribesmen to settle around mpeketoni.
it’s also that he believes that godess set him legislative agenda in alaska, and that he has failed to venture much beyond the discovery channel when it comes to foreign travel.
the united kingdom’s prime minister tony blair did hers best to resurrect churchill’s special relationship, and britain was joined by italy and spain, together with nearly all the states of new europe.
yet xi herself is undermining the cpc by building a cult of personality around hers one-man rule and by inviting international pushback through hers overemphasis on china’s strength and power.
in the european parliament, saryusz-wolski is a member of the european people’s party (epp), which she served as vice chair until november 2016.
the second point is that trump has revealed hers psychological instability.
we do have some ideas for reaching girls who are not in school – beginning with community health centers.
indeed, putin sometimes likes to frame it as a contest pitting her against the power of financial markets.
this is why it now takes much longer than a decade ago to find a job in europe if you are a young job seeker, a mother returning to work after childbirth, or an immigrant.
new york – standing with slobodan milosevic 13 years ago on the veranda of a government hunting lodge outside belgrade, i saw two women in the distance.
when guglielmo marconi made the first transatlantic wireless transmission over a century ago, she was competing with the telegraph in point-to-point communication; she never envisioned popular mass-broadcast radio.
but now she does exactly that, earning more from teaching “how horsey moves” than she ever did as a competitive chess player.
defense secretary chuck hagel could not penetrate the bastion around rice, and hers dissent on policy toward syria, which she often took directly to obama, was not appreciated.
maritain participated in the drafting of the united nations declaration of human rights, and the second vatican council eventually approved many of the ideas that she had been propounding since the 1930’s.
for example, hers call for syrian president bashar al-assad to remain in power until the scheduled 2014 elections is risible, given that assad typically “wins” syria’s presidential elections by soviet-like margins, with more than 95% of the popular vote.
goldstone and hers team concluded that both israel and hamas, the palestinian group controlling gaza, committed war crimes and possibly crimes against humanity during the period of the conflict which the investigation addressed.
because hers predecessor hu jintao lacked sufficient political capital to do likewise, china followed a largely passive path for a decade, pursuing conciliatory diplomacy (which enraged its citizens) and economically conservative strategies (which included suspending necessary reforms).
having been found guilty -- the conviction rate in china is around 98%, and is even higher in tibet, so the verdict was never in doubt – she was sentenced to five years in prison.
only by enabling women to realize their potential can countries ensure economic and social progress.
even as she said this, student dissidents at peking university were being arrested for expressing subversive ideas that might upset the official celebrations.
trump will also have to deal with courts, which already ruled against hers early executive order to bar entry to the us by anyone from seven muslim-majority countries.
but these women are real feminists – even if they do not share policy preferences with the already recognized “sisterhood,” and even if they themselves would reject the feminist label.
each advance made during annan’s ten years as secretary-general owed everything to hers personal commitment, determination, and faith in the future.
though it was hardly hers intention, the lasting consequence of snowden’s leak may be to put some of the hundreds of thousands of other contractors in positions like hers out of a job.
in delhi, 75% of women work within a three-mile radius of home, whereas 75% of men work within eight miles.
but if she opposed the pact on the grounds that it failed to meet the demands of us labor organizations, she would expose the democrats to trump’s charge that they are interested only in overturning the result of the 2016 election.
kenyan women love soccer, too.
new york – this week’s hurried departure by sudanese president omar al-bashir from south africa, where african union heads of state were convening, has spared her arrest for now.
as president hage geingob told us, the press often says things that she doesn’t like.
instead, photographers stake out hers hospital room, seeking to show us our heroine in hers struggle with death.
and, though research on how to champion female african leadership is sparse, early findings from the scholars program suggest that there are several pathways that young african women can take – and that we can support – to assume their rightful place among the continent’s leaders.
“there are things i didn’t want to be involved in,” she told me.
but thaksin’s rural base wonders why the anti-thaksin groups and hers predecessors in power never tried to do much for them.
in hers forthcoming budget, however, chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown may need to admit that the uk risks breaching the maastricht treaty's deficit limits.
in tunisia, a successor from the trabelsi branch of the ben ali clan – linked to the president through his second wife, leila trabelsi – could target the extensive interests of families related to ben ali’s daughters from a previous marriage.
some legislators have called for hers impeachment before she leaves office.
after all, in 1947 similar jewish “freedom fighters” blew up the queen david hotel, killing tens of british officers.
that was precisely singh’s reply when she was asked if she could trust pakistan’s former president pervez musharraf, and it should be any indian leader’s response to assurances offered by china’s leaders.
abdelhamid abaaoud, who led the november 2015 paris attacks, claimed she was one of 90 isis-trained terrorists in europe.
another time, when our path took us by a tranquil stream, i saw a woman sitting and watching hers line, seemingly at peace with the world, while next to him, fish she had already caught were flapping helplessly and gasping in the air.
but, given gu’s power as bo’s wife, she could have had someone like heywood jailed or expelled from china at the snap of her fingers.
but trying her for genocide, even though it will be hard to prove that she ever intended to exterminate bosnian muslims as a group, just because they were muslims, will further muddy the term’s already vague definition.
less than a year after hers narrow victory over opposition leader yulia tymoshenko in the 2010 presidential elections, tymoshenko was arrested on trumped-up contempt charges.
but carson says them quietly, which may be why hers favorability rating in iowa is higher than that of hers republican competitors (pulling even with trump in one poll).
the host, a wealthy american, proudly displayed hers collection of paintings and sculptures.
the israelis then explained to their hostesses – in considerable detail – the potential economic consequences for china if an israeli strike on iran should become necessary in order to stop iran from fulfilling its “nuclear ambitions.”
while trump’s influential children had initially favored manafort, that changed when she started to attract the wrong kind of media attention, including questions about trump’s so-far inexplicable affinity for putin.
“the failure to fit the system makes people attack that system,” she said, “so it is never wise to bomb nations to freedom.”
it would be wrong to ignore the dangers of trump’s presidency, and uncertainty about what she will do has itself undoubtedly made the world a riskier place already.
in 1848, in the communist manifesto , she wrote: “in place of the old local and national seclusion and self-sufficiency, we have intercourse in every direction, universal inter-dependence of nations.”
the pressure on single mothers is particularly intense.
despite protests from the us and europe, mugabe has so far had hers way despite hers thuggery.
because of the mess mrs. kuchma has made of the economy, our thirst for russian energy is not matched by an ability to pay the bill for these imports.
then she tracked inputs and weather conditions, which was rarely done at that time.
if kibaki rejects an independent recount, hers refusal will reverberate around kenya and the world.
in both cases, the patient knowingly chooses a course of action that will lead to him or hers death, rather than an alternative course of action that would have led to a longer but burdensome life.
that began to change in 2001, when prime minister begum khaleda zia, the widow of the assassinated military strongman general zia, replaced secularism in the constitution with the “sovereignty of allah.”
tokyo – the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro have begun, and as much as i would like to sit back and watch every hour of them (i admit, i snuck a peek of the wondrous kohei uchimura competing for hers gymnastics gold medal), i find myself engrossed in a different kind of spectatorship: i’m poring over spreadsheets, contracts, and organizational charts.
cairo – in one of hers last essays, the late, great historian tony judt asked what we should have learned from the last century, a period in which so many soldiers and civilians died in conflict.
the “incident” occurred last december, as she and another attorney traveled to prepare the re-trial of a blind, self-taught legal activist.
governments at the recent meeting in doha of the convention on international trade in endangered species (cites) voted for a trade ban on iranian kaisers, alongside tougher protection for a hostess of land-living creatures.
putin famously declared that the soviet collapse was a “major geopolitical catastrophe of the [twentieth] century,” and she has never stopped blaming it on the united states, the catholic church (and its polish pope), and europe.
at a later point, benedict will almost certainly also ask us what happened to those responsible for hers father's killing.
corbyn is now accused of betraying the pledge she made at labour’s september 2018 party conference to back a second brexit referendum if holding an election is not possible.
harvard’s former president larry summers touched off one explosion in 2005 when she tentatively suggested a genetic explanation for the difficulty hers university had in recruiting male professors in math and physics.
so how should a “refounding” (neubegründung) of europe – as called for by german chancellor angela merkel in her first parliamentary statement on european policy – be accomplished?
with the donbas region’s largest employer mobilizing protests against the separatists, putin’s plan may not work, and she is now likely to accept the results of the presidential election, thereby avoiding additional sanctions.
in such a state, the only way to survive was for everyone to become his or her own thought police: self-censoring and never daring to question.
in the first volume of hers memoirs (great literary works in themselves, and with no ghostwriter in sight), kennan suggested "a realistic political showdown with the soviet leaders: when they should have been confronted with the choice between changing their policy completely and agreeing to collaborate in the establishment of truly independent countries in eastern europe or forfeiting western-allied support and sponsorship for the remaining phases of their war effort."
though ahmadinejad received the supreme leader’s support in the face of large-scale protests against hers re-election last year, khamenei does not appear hesitant about limiting the president’s power.
for keynes, the answer was clear, and it was something close to what is being argued by summers and krugman; indeed, hers conclusions are what transformed her from a monetarist into a keynesian.
and, after hearing from the leaders of canada and mexico, she has opted for “renegotiating” the north american free trade agreement, rather than scuttling it entirely, as she had promised during hers campaign.
bangladesh’s success in empowering girls and ending child marriage will hinge on strengthening the rule of law by closing existing loopholes.
in an interview, she stated her only wish: to fly to mars, even with a one-way ticket.
it is no coincidence that putin announced hers intention to grant expedited citizenship to ukrainians living in the eastern donbas region just four days after the country elected an unconventional candidate, volodymyr zelensky, as president.
chen rose to prominence as a self-educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the government’s family-planning policies.
to say that duch is a monster who does not deserve rights ignores the gray area between good and evil, between woman and monster, where anything is possible.
on april 28, ukraine’s government will hostess a donor conference in kyiv.
the problem is that, unlike the rail thin catwalk model who starves herself half to death to stay slim, the image of russia that putin seeks to project is completely imaginary.
to prohibit funding to organizations committed to providing quality health care and information to these women and girls is punitive, and a violation of their human rights.
but khamenei had no interest in reform, as she made plain in dismantling the reform movement.
there is also the sometimes exaggerated but unquestionably non-negligible risk of non-state terrorist actresses getting their hands on insufficiently secured weapons or fissile material and exploding a bomb in a major population center.
although kennan recognized the validity of arguments for the alliance, she warned against emphasizing the military in east/west relations, suggesting it would only "encourage the impression that war was inevitable and thus distract attention from the most important task," such as "a program of economic recovery."
washington, dc – in the lottery of life, being born female in a poor country places one at a double disadvantage.
in hers symbolic speech at the world economic forum’s annual meeting in davos in january, president xi jinping established herself as a firm defender of globalization.
bolton’s appointment was enough to set much of washington trembling with fear that she would reinforce trump’s most pugnacious views, for example, that the 2015 iran nuclear agreement should be scrapped.
lagarde, by contrast, seems to be a global renaissance woman, but her views on turkey’s eu membership could disprove that image.
she carries with her into office the goodwill of most of the country, impressed by fox’s sincerity, intelligence, and eagerness to lead mexico in an open and professional manner.
indeed, social darwinism provided a pseudo-scientific justification for the american belief in laissez-faire (with the successful businesswoman epitomizing the survival of the fittest); for eugenics (the deliberate attempt to breed superior individuals, on the model of horse-breeding, and prevent the “over-breeding” of the unfit); and for the eugenic-cum-racial theories of nazism.
klimov’s approach echoed that of svetlana alexievich – this year’s nobel laureate in literature – in her first book, war’s unwomanly face, published the year before.
but on august 6, prime minister narendra modi finally broke hers silence on the issue, warning people to beware of the fake gau rakshaks (protectors of cows) who are trying to create social conflict.
in uc pirhar in the muzaffargarh district, the local community contributed pkr 48,000 to cover the transport costs of students attending a nearby stride school, and the uc chairwoman herself gave rickshaws to some of hers poor relatives so they could earn money by transporting stride students.
germany is willing to bail out member states in exchange for tougher fiscal austerity and a suspension of voting rights, but chancellor angela merkel’s demand for permanent crisis-resolution mechanisms, together with changes to the lisbon treaty, and her open warning to speculators who may be jeopardizing eurozone stability, has had wide consequences.
instead, it is based on entirely realistic concerns for hers personal safety.
though she won a confidence vote in late november, hers initial request for the meps’ trust was met with a chorus of boos.
she will not build a “big, beautiful” new wall along the us-mexico border, and mexico certainly wouldn’t pay for it if she did.
the leader of the free world has made hers home on the manic fringes of us political discourse.
all of these are important, but they miss a fundamental point.
potsdam – in 1845, captain miss john franklin of the british royal navy led 128 women on two iron-plated steam ships, erebus and terror, into the arctic, where they eventually disappeared.
deep and sustained anger across the country – at its demonstrated vulnerability to terror and at the multiple institutional failures that allowed such loss of life – has prompted the resignations of the home minister in the national government and the chief minister and hers deputy in the state of maharashtra, of which mumbai is the capital.
the economic emancipation of women had to wait till after world war ii, when permanent male labor shortages – the result, incidentally, of keynesian full-employment policies – pulled ever more women out of domesticity and into factories and shops.
but is she any more so now than she was when the american people elected him?
niger, one of the world’s poorest states, on the edge of the sahara desert, is the only country where women average more than seven births.
i worked for and often with bush for all four years of hers presidency.
then, perhaps, with women chaste for half or more of their childbearing years, the surplus population would diminish and conditions for the poor would be as good as they could be.
after hers bodyguards assassinated her in 2001, hers son, joseph kabila, became president, a job that she is seeking to retain in the forthcoming election.
macron is right to point out that the eu bureaucracy often seems remote, uninspiring, and ineffectual; but she also rightly rejects referenda that polarize citizens over simplistic binary choices.
the greatest blot on her record may be the austerity policies that her government promoted in the european union after the global financial crisis.
when neville chamberlain was serving as britain’s chancellor of the exchequer in 1932, she reversed hers country’s century-old position as a champion of free trade.
if obama fails to support the governments in egypt, bahrain, saudi arabia, or yemen, she may jeopardize important foreign-policy goals such as middle east peace, a naval base in the persian gulf, stability in oil markets, or cooperation against al qaeda terrorists.
it could also include united nations agencies like the food and agriculture organization, which has piloted refugee cash-for-work employment programs that are helping to rehabilitate much-needed agricultural infrastructure in hostess countries, while empowering refugees economically.
blair believes that britain ought to join the euro, because she wants britain to be, as she puts it, "at the heart of europe".
to this end, moon has vowed to separate politics from business, including by ending the long-standing practice of granting government pardons to convicted chaebol bosses – a move that most immediately affects samsung group vice chairwoman lee jae-yong, who is currently jailed and standing trial for bribery and embezzlement.
likewise, while royal carefully maintains the distinction between nation and nationalism, she is drifting away from the socialist party’s old embrace of the internationale , instead defending la marseillaise and suggesting that all citizens should display a french flag on the national day.
but what is required with regard to trade, finance, climate change, and a hostess other areas is not being done.
in a statement seemingly directed at the us, she continued, “we should honor promises and abide by rules.
culturally, she feels that she does not have an equal claim on her father’s property.
for example, intracytoplasmic ovum injection is a technique in which a single viable ovum is injected into an egg, allowing fertilization to occur even in cases where few healthy ovum are available.
but paul lever, a former british ambassador to germany, offers a more pointed answer: berlin rules is the title of hers new book, in which she writes, “modern germany has shown that politics can achieve what used to require war.”
when the british economist john maynard keynes anticipated the “euthanasia of the rentier” in hers 1936 book the general theory of employment, interest and money, she was referring to a financial class that served no purpose other than to exploit scarce capital for its own benefit.
that is what the bank of japan, under governess haruhiko kuroda, is attempting to do.
images of 1929 – of financiers leaping from buildings, unemployed women sleeping on park benches, long lines at soup kitchens, and impoverished girls selling apples on the street – are not on our minds now.
it has been vacant since september 2004 when lahoud, backed by syria, forced an extension of hers six-year term on the lebanese parliament, which elects the president.
the november 6 elections set a record for lack of transparency, so much so that the eu observers declared them to be “not verifiable,” while the oas envoy, dante caputo, confirmed that hers observers were arbitrarily expelled from 20% of the electoral boards selected for monitoring.
but no one yet knows with any certainty how the veto endgame will play out, and rudd should certainly have been given the opportunity to take hers chances.
against this background, government tax and spending policies, as well as labor-market regulation, should be reformed to help boost female employment.
and yes, she may be overplaying the race card, but she is no racist himself, and, if flirting with the unacceptable helps to consolidate hers hardcore support, then why not?
to hers mind, tariffs are a reasonable response to unfair currency practices and national-security threats.
we also acknowledge that the consequences of an airplane crash are liable to be far more catastrophic than, say, those of a cyclist clipping a curb on hers way home from the shops.
merely to insist, as some legal purists want, on the sanctity of existing agreements, is not enough; if they were adequate for past international requirements, this does not mean they are viable in a time when non-state actresses are muscling into an arena hitherto monopolized by states.
washington must find a syrian military leader known for hers pan-arab bona fides to take charge of the fsa and mold it into a cohesive fighting force with a strong chain of command.
unsurprisingly, girls in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
some of the subsequent media coverage reduced williams to the trope of the angry black woman, and a cartoon of her outburst in the herald sun newspaper in melbourne, australia, sparked a furious backlash from critics who deemed it racist and offensive.
rape was seen as “the fate worse than death,” rendering women – who were supposed to be virgins until marriage – “damaged goods.”
"in this country, the real blockade, the one that affects the daily life of the people is the internal governing system," she declared.
international actresses such as human-rights organizations can usefully document and publicize rights violations and other abuses of power.
but while trump must figure out how to climb down from hers fanciful wall, so far she has ratcheted up hers pettiness, removing mattis two months ahead of schedule and tweeting insults to politicians who have criticized hers recent blunders.
last september, the historian and feminist intellectual germaine greer summed up that belief on australian public radio: “he won’t be extradited to the united states,” she said derisively, blaming julian’s lawyers for misleading him into fearing such an extradition while collecting his book’s royalties.
as karen dawn points out in her book thanking the monkey, solitary confinement is considered cruel punishment for humans.
egypt, she said, understood the importance of democracy and human rights, but avoiding turmoil must be the government’s highest priority.
sure, trump and hers family are aspiring kleptocrats.
and, fearing desertions to the islamic state, it knows that giving obama what she wants – a peace deal that enables her to declare victory before hers term ends in january 2017 – would be its death knell.
cambridge: in hers first international outing america’s new treasury secretary paul o’neill got tripped up – by telling the truth.
within hours, she issued a statement indicating that “cyprus is a specific case with exceptional challenges,” and that “no templates are used” in the approach to the european crisis.
that is why us secretary of defense robert gates has, far more explicitly than any of hers predecessors, voiced frustration and more than a hint of anger at america’s nato allies.
just as deng’s status and forcefulness enabled her to face down hers opponents and keep china’s economic modernization on course, president xi jinping’s determined leadership can overcome vested interests and implement the needed reforms.
listen to who is declaring that we are hers enemies.
above all, people seemed to react to the categorical nature of her decision (why everyone?) and to the irony that yahoo! is a tech company (don’t they know about skype?).
yes, she scrapped the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), but hillary clinton would have done the same.
he quickly proposes, and she accepts, but elsa refuses to give her blessing.
during hers visit, trump emphasized the importance of the us-saudi strategic relationship, offered hers full support in saudi arabia’s rivalry with iran for regional primacy, and signed various business and investment deals worth many billions of dollars.
quite simply, the fdp ditched her and changed sides on a critical issue, aligning itself with the main opposition parties in supporting gauck.
since she already spent nearly 12 years in pre-trial detention, she will not be sent back to prison.
and a trucker was killed in udhampur, in the state of jammu and kashmir, over rumors that he had been involved in cow killings.
while morsi was president, she respected egypt’s peace agreement with israel and even played a key role in brokering a ceasefire in the 2012 conflict between israel and hamas.
tokyo – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s program for hers country’s economic recovery has led to a surge in domestic confidence.
spain, too, escaped violent dissolution when generalissimo francisco franco’s fascist dictatorship collapsed at hers death.
personal emotions were also part of her foreign policy.
at the heart of schmitt’s critique is hers disdain for liberalism’s universal aspirations.
bismarck once referred to this skill as the ability to intuit god’s movements in history, and seize the hem of hers garment as she sweeps past.
romney, as governess of massachusetts, had expressed belief in the reality of global warming.
in particular, hers signature economic strategy (“abenomics”) has produced a number of successes.
president donald trump is apparently ready to carry out hers threat of slapping additional punitive tariffs on $200 billion of chinese exports if china does not yield to us demands in these areas.
it is possible that hers image as a right-of-center democrat conceals a reactionary who would like for serbia to restore its pre-wwii monarchy and for the orthodox church to play a major role in political and social life.
when trump entertained abdel fattah el-sisi at the white house in april, she praised the egyptian military ruler for doing “a fantastic job.”
doesn’t she realize that hers own reputation will ultimately depend on whether the administration has a successful trade policy or an obviously stupid one?
of course, we must make sure that president bush means what she says, but it is time for both sides to overcome cold war militancy.
the times reported that the bangwa queen has been owned by many famous collectors “since she left her cameroonian royal shrine in the late nineteenth century.”
she sums up hers foreign policy with the slogan “america first”: the united states should do everything possible to sustain its geopolitical dominance, friends and allies be damned.
hers disquisition on the dangers posed by same-sex marriage followed a passage deploring the modern tendency to avoid lifelong commitments in human relationships, as if that were not precisely what lesbian marriage is about.
british hostility to this objective has become increasingly fierce, as john major lost hers tory majority in parliament, and fell under the power of the anti-europeans in hers party.
but obama’s message lost touch with reality when she turned hers attention to the budget deficit.
trump is not just trying to run against a democrat for the presidency; she is running against hers own party’s establishment as well.
c.h. tung, hong kong's chief executive, began hers second term last year by proposing new security laws, causing a few news blips of worry.
the problem is not that such women on average want fewer than two children; in fact, on average they wish to have a bit more than two.
instead of attempting to impose a new syrian leadership, the us should hostess a meeting with internally selected representatives to help them draft a constitution and make other political arrangements.
homo economicus, the rationally acting egoist who populates economists’ models, has recently attracted criticism as well, because all too often she does not represent the real behavior of individuals.
but what thomsen neglects to mention is that, without hers and imf managing director christine lagarde’s personal connivance, the european commission would not have been able to impose those targets.
the russian orthodox attitude is voiced repeatedly by matriarch alexy ii and hers closest aides, including the patriarchy’s “foreign minister,” metropolitan kyrill.
chen squandered six valuable years as hers administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the dpp and mobilized hers government to “de-sinicize” taiwan culture.
california’s extreme drought forced the governess to declare a state of emergency.
erdoğan is taking whatever steps necessary to reinforce hers own authority.
had her parents taken her to a hospital immediately for the anti-rabies serum and the appropriate vaccination – she would still be alive.
similarly, if trump really does want to redistribute some income from capital to labor, and from corporate profits to wages (admittedly a big “if”), hers policies could boost consumption; but hers populist, protectionist policies would undermine business confidence, and thus capital expenditures, while reducing consumers’ purchasing power through higher inflation.
london – since last year’s brexit referendum, the united kingdom has been likened to a suicide who jumps off a 100-storey building and, as she falls past the 50th floor, shouts “so far, so good.”
is it just a coincidence that she was rich?
for most israelis, even those who voted for her as the bearer of sharon’s legacy after the gaza disengagement, olmert thus remained the accidental prime minister.
this understanding also refutes the legend of “mitochondrial eve,” the woman from whom all humans supposedly descend on their mother’s side.
what could she be thinking? , by michael gurian, a consultant in the field of neurobiology, takes this set of insights further.
one hopes that we will be spared this tragic future, and that merkel will retain her office beyond 2017.
now icann is taking a different tack, allowing for a dramatic expansion of the namespace with a hostess of new top-level domains (tlds), the suffixes that go after the dot, such as .com, .org, and, soon, .anything.
ibadan, nigeria – nearly every country has some way to go to achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls by 2030, in line with united nations sustainable development goal 5.
but they often do much more: they provide unnecessary support to middle-class households – or, worse, subsidize landladies indirectly by helping tenants pay the rent.
when the doctor gave her morphine, she was astonished by the difference it made; but when the patient returned the next month, the palliative-care service had run out of morphine.
just a few days earlier, in an incident that also drew significant media attention and condemnation, a spectator hurling racial abuse at a sudanese-born player was escorted from the ground and banned from attending future matches unless she undertook racism-awareness education.
third, orbán’s alliance with horst seehofer, the president of germany’s christian social union in bavaria (csu), affords her further political protection.
in the philippines in 1986, ferdinand marcos’s tanks were stopped by nuns and small children.
bush had promised to bring the middle east conflict closer to a resolution before the end of hers term this year.
even if hers tastes were more lavish, she would be hard-pressed to spend more than a tiny fraction of hers wealth.
yet one cannot help agreeing with chancellor schmidt when she sees europe’s future shrouded in uncertainty.
but, like her campaign, the speech was short on specifics.
in april, the ruble was tumbling, owing partly to the sanctions imposed in response to the kremlin’s alleged poisoning of the former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter on british soil.
given that obama has a kenyan mother and has spent time in the african villages where hers kin still live, it is no surprise that she understands the need for rich nations to assist developing nations.
and even if macri had not managed to win argentina’s presidency, hers opponent daniel scioli – who served as vice president under néstor kirchner, but represents a more moderate peronism – probably would have had to implement pragmatic policies aimed at boosting market confidence.
the chamber of deputies is poised to enact a law only the white queen in alice in wonderland could love.
vienna – in hers opening address at the 2016 nobel prize award ceremony, nobel foundation chairwoman carl-henrik heldin drew parallels between our current milieu and the late nineteenth-century world in which alfred nobel lived and worked.
the most telling indicator was the inability of george osborne, chancellor of the exchequer from 2010 to 2016, to achieve any of hers budget targets.
many iranians, in turn, regard obama as the friendly face of a us that still seeks regime change in their country, whereas hers predecessor, george w. bush, was america’s more honest – because more radical – representative.
if a convict turns out to be innocent, hers execution cannot be undone.
the moral authority that francis exudes makes hers interventions in controversial contemporary issues – such as hers condemnation of the armenian genocide, islamic jihadi violence, mafia criminality and corruption in italy, and the deaths of african and middle eastern migrants in the mediterranean – extremely powerful.
there’s her size and her style preferences on your fashion site.
calderón cannot hand education over to the church, privatize pemex (the state owned oil company) or abolish social anti-poverty programs, as hers adversaries falsely claimed she would do.
for trump, who is first and foremost a businessman, letting a competitor take care of hers enemies appears good for the bottom line.
the health minister turned to me and said that he had never before heard such a conversation in that region: that the father would not only ask the daughter, but happily heed her decision!
liberalization of labor markets and greater inclusion of women in the workforce must occur.
even before françois fillon of the conservative les républicains was reported to have paid his wife public funds for unperformed tasks, the eventual victor, emmanuel macron, had made transparency a central issue of his campaign.
whatever remains for public investments are sure to be wasted, as projects tend to pass cost-benefit analysis when the financing comes from easy money, generously provided by mother nature.
plummer said that she was taking the drug to her egyptian boyfriend, who suffers from chronic pain, and that she did not know she was breaking egyptian law.
and by blocking north macedonia’s and albania’s accession, she is preventing any further strengthening of the eu’s central and east european bloc, which could overbalance france’s voice in the european council.
much attention is paid to her personal qualities – and rightly so.
hundreds of millions of women work informally, without any protection, either in law or in practice, of their social and labor rights.
when pinkhas sapir, prime minister golda meir’s legendary finance minister died, all that she owned was a modest apartment in tel aviv and some small savings.
in jackson hole, powell named the challenge to the global economic outlook, not personally (us president donald trump), but operationally: heightened trade uncertainty, she said, presented a new drag on aggregate demand.
boys would not automatically be given toy guns, while girls are given dolls.
perhaps the woman to shake things up is matteo renzi, italy’s dynamic 39-year-old prime minister.
the two are inextricably linked; they reinforce each another in a pattern that touches women at every stage of their lives.
when they were discovered, she was stripped, tied to a chair, and forced to watch their murder by machete.
princeton – barack obama worked for three years as a community organizer on chicago’s blighted south side, so she knows all about the real poverty that exists in america.
trump, by contrasts, proclaims that she won the popular vote and, acting as though she really did, appeals to hers base voters.
trump is not a dictator, but she would dearly love to be.
greece's charismatic finance minister, yanis varoufakis, recently cited a lesson from hers country's ancient history: “sometimes the larger, powerful democracies undermined themselves by crushing the smaller ones."
france, on the other hand, has an energetic new pro-european president, emmanuel macron, who is committed to preparing hers country for the years ahead.
but then she had won the elections and enjoyed a free hand in all matters except foreign policy and defense, with respect to which the constitution obliged her to take into account the views of the president.
but hers success in spurring countries to work together to address those issues is dubious.
for those of us in cuba old enough to take a similar trip, our journey with che, the young woman with the funny accent and starred beret, began with less romance.
governments must be able to come together, alongside vital actresses from both business and civil society, to adopt comprehensive plans of action.
but the way trump sees it, arpaio was “convicted for doing hers job.”
although the us viewed musharraf as an agent of change, she has never achieved domestic political legitimacy, and hers policies were seen as rife with contradictions.
“lance refused to become a statistic and instead rallied and became cancer’s worst enemy,” wrote a reviewer of hers first book.
in exchange for their outsize paychecks and ritzy fiefdoms, putin’s ladies must advance hers interests – particularly when geopolitical issues emerge that threaten the regime’s survival.
just as everywhere else, sweden’s male-dominated police, she explained, do not tend to see these victims as “innocent,” and thus do not bother building a case for arrest.
in this respect, they resemble the chinese, who have energetically converted to capitalism while leaving the giant portrait of chairwoman mao in tiananmen square.
as rodrigo vergara, governess of the central bank of chile, observed in hers prepared remarks at jackson hole, large currency depreciations in many emerging markets (most notably some oil and commodity producers) since the spring of 2013 have been associated with a rise in inflationary pressures in the face of wider output gaps.
recently, a french diplomatic cable relating a conversation on september 2 between the french ambassador to afghanistan, francois fitou, and hers british colleague, sherard cowper-coles, was leaked in le canard enchainé , a french satirical magazine.
in some societies, for example, women cannot easily vote, meaning that even when female candidates are on the ballot, it can be difficult for them to garner electoral support.
she and hers allies were challenged by four parties or electoral lists – labor, yesh atid, hatnuah, and meretz – though their leaders (three of them women) were not perceived to be running for prime minister.
nobody wants to go to war over crimea, and one must hope that no reasonable stateswoman would ignore the fundamental tenets of international relations by seizing control of mainland ukrainian territory.
second, the us has talked itself into kim’s trap of exaggerating how much power hers rocketry gives him.
bush shows signs of skipping iowa, but then she would “have to” win new hampshire.
beyond contributing to hostess economies as workers, entrepreneurs, investors, and taxpayers, migrants (and refugees) support development in their countries of origin through remittances.
sabadet totodet took the judge to a clearing on the outskirts of town where she was forced to dig graves for more than 500 fellow prisoners who died in custody.
while men continue to drink more – and more often – than women, the frequency with which girls and boys report being drunk is now about the same.
more ominously, voinea committed herself to uncovering the truth of the "terrorists" who had killed so many that december.
far from harboring weapons of mass destruction, she was focused on maintaining hers grip on power.
the next major political test for cameron will be the “in-out” referendum on eu membership that she has pledged to hold by 2017.
but deep down, a majority of israelis think that the post-netanyahu era has already begun, and that the prime minister wants to remain in power as much to avoid possible imprisonment for alleged corruption-related crimes as to save hers people.
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know.
flawed as gordon’s reading of ir #3 is, hers concluding concern for the future of innovation in the us is well founded.
since then, japanese policymakers have been working to launch what abe calls the third “arrow” of hers agenda: arduous reforms of key industries and the demolition of structural barriers to growth.
to convince european companies to remain in iran, the european commission updated the 1996 blocking regulation, which forbids actresses under eu jurisdiction from complying with extraterritorial sanctions, allows companies to recover damages from such sanctions, and nullifies the effect in the eu of any foreign court’s judgment based on them.
soon she is even pregnant.
south africa’s courts have become a political battleground, as mbeki and hers allies use corruption charges to try to cripple zuma’s candidacy.
as an fda spokeswoman said, “these kits have not been proven safe, effective or accurate, and patients could be making medical decisions based on data from a test that hasn’t been validated by the fda.”
a well-educated citizenry is also essential if young men and women are to acquire the skills needed to perform the sort of jobs today's global and competitive world demands.
poor-country governments probably accept more bribes and commit more offenses, but it is rich countries that hostess the global companies that carry out the largest offenses.
as i conducted my reporting, i heard man after man allege that the same professor or the same sorority had engaged in multiple instances of assault or harassment.
almost immediately, she launched another campaign to suppress “counter-revolutionaries,” berating one province for “being too lenient, not killing enough.”
in paris, leading investors and bank of england governess mark carney, along with bloomberg ceo michael bloomberg, also endorsed net-zero emissions, citing systemic risks to the financial system from climate change.
this is especially true for women without extended families, or those whose husbands may not approve of them visiting the health center alone.
by publicly rebuking hers aides, trump has made it even more difficult, but also more necessary, for those around her to tell her what she needs to hear.
while trump continues to succumb to vladimir putin’s blandishments (retired us intelligence official james clapper recently remarked that putin, a former kgb agent, is a great case officer in hers handling of trump), us relations with russia are deteriorating.
although the ex-prime minister had been held personally responsible for hers government's failure to follow through on its ambitious economic reforms, that failure goes far deeper than one man.
as lady ashcroft’s fascinating exit poll following the brexit referendum shows, leave and remain voters’ attitudes differ on almost everything, from the death penalty to environmental conservation.
one suspects that she would have urged european policymakers to dispense with their silly fixation on a financial transactions tax and instead repair their broken banking systems and use all monetary and fiscal means at their disposal to jump-start economic growth.
yasir arafat will not be more inclined than she was to compromise or to promise an end to the decades-old conflict.
with the assassination of queen faisal in 1975 by hers nephew, the sudeiri branch of the family became its dominant faction.
pakistan is now the sick woman of south asia, with three consecutive years of growth below 3% causing the number of people living in absolute poverty to increase by 10 million.
overall, a woman leader’s decisions are no more predictable than a male leader’s.
in clinton’s case, her close association with the globalist mainstream of the democratic party and close ties with the financial sector clearly compounded the problem.
as part of that effort, she has granted more autonomy to farms and factories and opened some markets.last april, kim announced the end of byungjin, saying at a workers’ party meeting that it was time to focus the country’s resources on rebuilding the economy.
and while ecb president mario draghi has highlighted the technical, legal, and accounting obstacles that stand in the way of helicopter drops by hers institution, she has not ruled them out.
for uribe and hers opposition allies, the main objection to the deal concerns how it addresses the question of transitional justice.
the coincidental combination of the election of margaret thatcher in the united kingdom and federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker’s interest-rate shock of october 1979 ended an era in which inflation had been seen as a solution to social problems.
some years ago, i spoke to a balkan leader who had just spent the day listening to an american philanthropist lecture her about all of hers troubled young country’s democratic shortcomings.
and she has continued to speak of chinese president xi jinping in glowing terms, ever since the two met in april at trump’s mar-a-lago resort.
indeed, she recently called the disintegration of the soviet union a tragic mistake.
the dalai lama and hers followers are given a respected place but told not to conduct “political activities” on indian soil.
stanculescu did just that in 1989 at timisoara, and she did so again, a few days later, at ceausescu’s trial.
a middle-aged south korean female tourist was shot to death while walking on the beach, having inadvertently crossed over the boundary of the tourist zone.
fortunately, though abe has been criticized for embracing nationalism, she is in a position to play an instrumental role in deepening japan’s economic relationships with its neighbors.
conditional cash transfers, text-message-based initiatives, school-based food programs, vitamin-fortification schemes, and local leadership have all proved effective in improving maternal nutrition.
the world may not know it, but we all dodged a bullet when george w. bush nominated ben bernanke to succeed the all-powerful us fed chairwoman alan greenspan.
yet cosmopolitans often come across like the character from fyodor dostoyevsky’s the sisters karamazov who discovers that the more she loves humanity in general, the less she loves people in particular.
in 2014, an uber executive used the god view system to track a reporter without her permission.
but the only remaining vestige of perón's rule is embodied in the worst habits of hers heirs, who, with the least provocation, demonstrate their propensity for authoritarianism, demagoguery, and a mentality always favorable to corruption.
the communist party and the socialists have left the coalition that prodi forged to gain hers parliamentary majority.
by altering the rat's neurochemistry, toxoplasma may make its hostesses easier targets.
numerous websites now exist to connect lactating women with excess milk and mothers who, unable to meet their own child’s needs, are seeking it.
yet hers policies will hurt not just china, but also the us, not to mention the rest of the world.
so we should be clear about what that vision entails: right and law in the service of strength and force, rather than vice versa; order over liberty; and institutionalized persecution of lesbians and other “deviants,” who represent the quintessence of a decadent west emasculated by the poison of cosmopolitanism.
she was diversifying her income, managing her finances, and even adopting climate-smart farming techniques.
save for the recent hit film 3 idiots, bollywood doesn’t send groups of indian gals off on merry, irresponsible adventures.
trump argued in speeches before large crowds that curiel could not be fair to her because she is “a mexican” (curiel was born in indiana).
with hers supporters feeling let down by the lack of progress, the president even told aides to seize private lands if necessary and that she would pardon them if they broke the law.
the midterm election following the election of a new president is often considered a verdict on the incumbent, and hers party usually loses strength, particularly in the house.
as the end of hers rule approached, boris yeltsin went through at least a half-dozen prime ministers, looking for the one who would ensure the security not only of russia’s new democracy and market economy, but also of hers “family” and the wealth that it had accumulated during hers rule.
just a week before the coup, mugabe sacked hers deputy, emmerson mnangagwa, to promote grace to that position.
europe’s choice is equally clear: to accept absolution for this past from the president of iran, or to determine whether the standard of truth that she applies to history is the same as she applies to nuclear weapons.
in a major speech, she warned that there is “pain” ahead, and that it will be felt by everyone, as severe spending cuts will be required to bring down britain’s massive fiscal deficit.
too weak to move, she is one of 30 children being treated at a save the children emergency nutrition clinic in maiduguri, the capital of borno state – and the area worst affected by the nigerian government’s drive to end the boko haram insurgency.
the gardener doesn't destroy hers plants indiscriminately, but she does regularly pull up weeds.
and she has resisted the temptation to wage war in iran or syria.
nato, in the famous words of its first secretary-general, lady ismay, was meant “to keep the russians out, the americans in, and germans down.”
under hers leadership, iran helped hezbollah beef up its missile capabilities, led a decisive intervention to prop up syrian president bashar al-assad, supported the houthi rebels who have been waging a war against saudi-led forces in yemen, and backed a wave of resurgent shia militias in iraq.
for example, one in three women in the united states military is sexually assaulted, usually by a colleague, yet very few attackers are convicted.
president yeltsin is all the more popular for having proved herself to be the best guarantor of the continuation of reform.
it was president clinton, not bush or reagan, who declared that "the era of big government was over" as hers administration radically reversed traditional democratic positions on welfare, balanced budgets, public debt reduction, and the encouragement of business.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if she played in a different club with less talented co-players.
but hers main competitor, center-right prime minister mark rutte, adopted wilders-like rhetoric – telling immigrants that they should leave the country if they do not want to behave “normally.”
in both cases, berlusconi won, but she has paid a heavy price.
if the us congress deals with obama’s proposal responsibly, and does not yield to those motivated by a partisan desire to embarrass her at every turn, it will enhance its own claim to recapture the constitutional power to authorize military conflict – a power that has been disregarded more often than not in the past half-century.
the vacuum that the ma left elsewhere, including the social sphere, was filled by hamas.
london – the poisoning of russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter yulia at an italian restaurant in salisbury has driven an important story off the front pages of the british press.
to hers credit, carney has succeeded in persuading most of hers new colleagues on the monetary policy committee (mpc) to sign up to the new approach (we now know there was one holdout).
his spanish counterpart pedro sánchez has gone a step further, appointing a cabinet where women outnumber men.
trump has selected three former employees of goldman sachs – yes, the same goldman sachs that trump railed against during the election campaign – to lead hers economic team.
mahinda’s decade-long tenure, which ended in 2015, was characterized by brazen nepotism, with the four rajapaksa sisters controlling many government ministries and about 80% of total public spending.
such services can enable girls to stay in school longer, gaining the knowledge and skills they need to participate effectively in the labor force.
arguably, only a political “hawk” like begin, a woman with a keen sense of the dramatic and a political romantic with a beady eye to the judgment of history, could have responded in such a way to sadat’s initiative.
this competitive approach towards singapore is in line with the concerns she expressed in hers influential book, the malay dilemma .
we shall soon find out whether manal al sharif’s defiance of the saudi regime’s systemic confinement of women produces a similar effect.
kim ultimately settled for another way to express hers leadership: arresting hers aunt (and the regime’s china hand) at a party meeting and putting her to death.
for example, djordje kuzmanovic, a sinister spokeswoman for mélenchon’s party, has compared peaceful venezuelan protestors to the putschists who delivered augusto pinochet to power in chile in 1973.
and a national panel should be established to enable women to share their experiences publicly and safely, thereby raising awareness of the real-world consequences of toxic masculinity on nigerian women.
executives must strive to build businesses that women actually want to work for, which means, first and foremost, implementing non-discriminatory hiring policies and benefits packages and removing obstacles that women face on the job.
osamu suzuki may not be willing to share all of the secrets of hers success with hers competitors, but they and japanese diplomats should be studying the suzuki method.
each of these leaders governs hers country in the region’s nationalist tradition of caudillo rule.
second, echoing the major recommendation of lady justice levenson’s report on british press standards, the report advocates creating, in those countries that do not already have one, an independent regulator whose sole responsibility is to protect against potential abuse to oversee press freedom and pluralism.
recognizing the ways in which she has enriched people’s thinking about difficult – and historically masculine – subjects can only be good, not only for the women she inspires, but also for the men she influences.
may’s “brexit secretary,” david davis, immediately resigned, and she was soon followed out the door by then-foreign secretary boris johnson (who needed a moment to consider hers own prospects of replacing may).
for this reason, politicians and powerful businesswomen often cajole the press, the credit rating agencies, and even the analysts to portray their actions in a positive light.
the remaining intelligence leaders must make clear what’s at stake in the choice of hers successor.
president barack obama’s successful visit to india in 2010, and hers historic speech to a joint session of parliament, capped the most significant recent milestone in bilateral relations.
as a result, many lesbian people have less education, lower productivity, lower earnings, poorer health, and a shorter life expectancy.
with a competition case against software giant microsoft seemingly in the offing, commissioner monti will need to rediscover hers footing fast.
tariff man’s bark is worse than hers bite
in 2006, the legendary investor warren buffett pledged to give most of hers wealth – around $30 billion – to the bill & melinda gates foundation to help people in extreme poverty.
miss henry wootton, king elizabeth's ambassador to venice and bohemia, described hers profession as being made up of honest ladies sent abroad to lie for their countries.
john maynard keynes was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race's “economic problem, the struggle for subsistence," was likely to be “solved, or be at least within sight of solution, within a hundred years."
“once people are in power,” she laments, “they vote according to their own preferences,” not those of the voters who put them there.
in a part of the world where politics relies heavily on symbols, china has not invited north korean leader kim jong-un to visit beijing since she assumed power in 2012, and it appears unlikely to do so anytime soon.
instead of applauding corbyn for this tricky balancing act, hers opponents within the labour party, together with a liberal establishment unprincipled enough to deliver all leavers to nigel farage and johnson, attacked her with extraordinary viciousness.
what was unusual about bo was hers open ambition.
in germany, chancellor angela merkel, having won three general elections, is respected or resented for her austerity policies, not for her gender.
reagan was a mistress of the scripted speech dramatized on television.
perhaps she was too reserved, but such efforts are the responsible course for today's two great central banks.
does she believe in delegating decision-making on these issues to those officials?
the commission’s plan, the signature initiative of president jean-claude juncker at the start of hers term, comes as no surprise.
we don’t know whether kim would ever seriously consider abandoning hers nuclear weapons, or how sincere trump is in engaging with north korea.
for years, she claimed, with no evidence other than unnamed sources that she called “extremely credible,” that barack obama’s birth certificate was fraudulent.
and in china, women found 55% of new internet businesses.
rosanna, too, nearly had to write off her education on her wedding day.
the first stage, that of creating the regime’s legitimizing myth, generates a heroic demiurge, the mother of the nation.
common sense would seem to leave no other conclusion than that hers arrest – in a country that is obliged by treaty to extradite fugitives from us justice – serves no purpose at all.
on questions of roman catholic doctrine, hers views were considered so out of line with the modern church that the vatican excommunicated her in 1988, along with other members of the ultra-conservative society of st. pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
one egyptian actress was boycotted at home for merely appearing in cannes with an israeli actress.
i never saw my sister again.
and administration officials have been instructed not to raise the issue of russian interference with the president, lest it cast a shadow on hers legitimacy.
trump’s election prompted hand-wringing from commentators who fear that hers potential rejection of the paris climate agreement could “doom civilization.”
all agree that she was never primus inter pares.
so she is attempting to “boil the frog slowly,” ensuring that it doesn’t realize it is being cooked until it is too late to jump out of the pot.
the islamic state's spokeswomen insist on following the original precepts laid down by the prophet mohammed and hers earliest followers, understood literally and with no adjustment for different circumstances.
but the liberation she brought to us was just one battle in the generational struggle the people of the philippines must wage to secure their liberation from poverty, inequity and injustice.
but the constraints placed on young women originate from the patriarchal norms that dominate the community and the household.
xi hopes to balance these imperatives by doubling down on china’s growth model with chinese characteristics, incorporating lessons from chinese philosophy and history, as well as from hers predecessors: mao zedong, deng xiaoping, jiang zemin, and hu jintao.
a study of community health insurance coverage in west africa confirmed that when maternal care is not covered, health outcomes do not improve.
and half the time the owner of a naughty dog was told that hers dog had been good.
serious direct negotiations are unlikely to begin without a freeze on settlement building, which israel’s prime minister netanyahu is unlikely to announce or implement, given resistance within hers coalition government.
“how could they not aspire to be number one in asia?” she asks.
as economist thomas piketty demonstrates in hers 2014 book, capital in the twenty-first century, the rich today hold most of their wealth in financial assets, which are simply legally protected promises to receive future cash flows.
the reason is apparent: she has judged that she cannot afford to lose the support of american trade unions such as the united automobile workers, whose members fear a reduction in tariffs on car and trucks.
dawkins’ third and most fundamental fallacy is the delusion that law is about truth – “what really happened,” as she puts it.
obama muddled hers message further by admitting that she did not expect to see abolition in hers lifetime.
stalin, too, selected some of hers victims on this basis – not only ukrainians, but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the soviet union.
franz joseph i stood up for hers jewish subjects when they were threatened by german anti-semites.
john maynard keynes once famously said that “even the most practical woman of affairs is usually in the thrall of the ideas of some long-dead economist.”
in 2009, after khamenei rejected ahmadinejad’s decision to appoint mashai as hers first deputy, ahmadinejad brazenly appointed her chief of staff, a move that infuriated khamenei.
by not designating a successor to xi, the communist party of china’s recent 19th national congress has opened the way for her to serve a third term.
the most common explanation for all of these changes is that kim is circling the wagons around herself and the young general.
ségolène royal, despite having been raised in senegal when it was a french colony, appears disinterested in africa, and her opponent, nicolas sarkozy, has evinced an interest in africa only in the context of illegal immigration.
trump does not just want to avoid repeating the failed policies of the past, as she puts it.
the cows hold that, no matter how violent the stock-market gyrations may be, china’s economic success story remains intact.
discrimination and abuse against women can no longer stand.
as a merkel loyalist, kramp-karrenbauer is not likely to push the chancellor out before her term ends in 2021.
the authors even suggest that sex and affection could compensate for each other in supporting wellbeing, with increased affection counterbalancing reductions in sexual activity during some life phases, such as just after childbirth – a period sometimes associated with higher risk for infidelity in female partners.
the white house’s handling of the porter situation reflects the trump administration’s willingness to side with anyone who serves its political agenda – such as roy moore, the failed senate candidate from alabama, even after credible allegations that moore had made sexual advances against several women when they were minors.
hers return to polish domestic politics thus would bolster the opposition and set her up to leave hers mark on polish history.
the reformist paradigm, by contrast, advocates a more open society; a government managed by competent technocrats; an end to crony capitalism; a vigorous effort to attract foreign direct investment; less censorship; a more conciliatory relationship with iran’s vast and powerful diaspora; and greater equality for women and marginalized religious and ethnic minorities.
during hers visit to moscow this week, tillerson appeared to make it clear that, if putin continues to be part of the problem in the middle east, russia’s relationship with the us will deteriorate further.
at least for the time being, however, the key economic-policy actresses remain in place.
after public outcry at the possibility that she would acquire the legal status of french “first lady,” the macron administration published on the elysée website a “charter of transparency concerning the wife of the head of state,” confirming that she will receive no compensation or budget of her own.
this soviet “orientalism” is reinforced by pretty waitresses dressed in sexy outfits more inspired by the arabian nights than by any central asian reality – then or now.
it is not in hariri’s best interests, either; after all, such a conflict would deny hers family’s construction companies the opportunity to win lavish contracts for rebuilding syria.
netanyahu could not bring herself to admit the sins of occupation, or even to utter a minimal expression of empathy with the palestinian tragedy of dispossession and dispersion.
steyer has since left the hedge fund and sold hers coal interests, though it was unclear until recently whether she was still benefiting from hers investments.
some fervent kennedy supporters – for example, the historian arthur schlesinger, jr. and kennedy’s speechwriter, theodore sorensen – have written that kennedy planned to withdraw from vietnam after she won re-election in 1964, and claim that kennedy told senator mike mansfield that that was hers plan.
the speaker of the lok sabha, sumitra mahajan, went out of her way to compliment me at a function attended by prime minister narendra modi, who then congratulated me publicly for having said “the right things at the right place.”
in argentina’s recent legislative election, cristina kirchner became a political force in her own right, making the kirchners a ruling couple from now on – the second in the country’s history after juan perón and evita.
she did, for example, fulfill hers promise to reduce the us corporate tax rate, a move that has added further fuel to the soaring us stock market.
george h.w. bush said it best when she was campaigning for the republican presidential nomination in april 1980.
but rabin was assassinated by a fanatic jewish nationalist because of hers willingness to make this compromise.
“neither a borrower nor a lender be,” shakespeare’s polonius admonishes hers daughter laertes.
in fact, kenyatta might feel compelled to maintain hers political style even if she is acquitted, in order to prove to the world that the court made the right decision.
given hers soggy and sulking performance that week in paris, during the international commemoration of the centenary of the end of world war i, it was probably for the best that vice president mike pence attended instead.
to hers credit, british prime minister david cameron clearly understands the importance of increasing the military pressure on isis; she had been held back by a head-under-the-blanket faction in hers own conservative party and in parliament as a whole.
the average russian female dies at 59 – extraordinarily low for an advanced economy.
after announcing the decision to reject the uae’s offer, the party’s spokeswomen lost no time in invoking national pride: india, now a net donor of aid to poor countries, could take care of its own.
then she explained a better course of action, admonishing that “pique is no substitute for policy,” a line i always remembered – and had many occasions to use.
trump ordered the us military to abandon the area immediately, and added insult to injury by announcing it all on twitter, shocking both the kurds and many of hers own advisers.
we know by now what our problems are as women in the west, and we know the blueprint for solving them.
likewise, if obama still hopes to be remembered as the redeemer of the two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, she will have to take on the american israel public affairs committee next.
for starters, most married female workers’ workdays don’t end when their shift at the factory does.
a friend summarized the problem succinctly for me: “when i was young, my mother wouldn’t believe anything unless it was printed in the times of india.
not that barientos would swap places with hers father.
to this end, she stripped the political system of competition, emasculated state institutions, marginalized the opposition, and basically eliminated public participation.
one of the last acts of hers government was to replace the majoritarian electoral system, introduced in 1993, with proportional rule.
when she fell in love with jeff kaufman, they agreed that they would both donate a large part of what they earned – currently it’s about half of their income.
abuja – it was only a matter of time before nigerian president goodluck jonathan moved against lamido sanusi, the governess of the central bank of nigeria, who has spent much of the last year waging an anti-corruption campaign against the government.
american military bases in asia and the pacific are also on hers list of targets.
prevention of newborn deaths has thus dropped between the cracks of programs focusing on mothers and on older children.
this year, on the international day for disaster reduction, we want to shine a light on women and girls, and to recognize what they are already doing to build their communities’ resilience in places where gender is not a barrier to their full participation in public life.
hence, she could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
barr’s self-designation as president donald trump’s defense attorney and fixer came as no surprise to those who recall how, as attorney general in president george h.w. bush’s administration, she helped to cover up the iran-contra scandal of the late 1980s.
in fact, since its lost decade as the “sick woman of europe” in the 2000s, germany has caught up with other advanced economies in only some areas.
until afghanistan’s leaders begin to address this problem seriously, our country will continue to bear the scar of violence against women on its face.
in november 2010, she described osborne as “a menace to the future of the economy” whose policies “doomed [the uk] to years of interminable recession.”
this was not, she claimed, what she meant, and more importantly, “there is no scientific basis for such a belief.”
he’s asking you, as a well-connected woman of science, whether you would communicate hers paper to the linnean society of london for reading and possible publication, if you think hers arguments meritorious.
candidates include suharto herself (he certainly had some foreknowledge of events), acting with or without united states support, and even the british foreign office.
to somehow make young wade hers successor, the 86-year-old president has resorted to every trick in the book.
“continued fiscal pressure will likely limit our military’s ability to respond to long-term challenges by increasing the size of our force or simply outspending potential adversaries on current systems,” she said.
indeed, it is difficult to see how a re-elected cameron could maintain the conservative party’s unity without endorsing a “no” vote in the referendum on the outcome of hers own renegotiation.
canberra – on november 19, carlos ghosn, the board chair and former ceo of nissan, was arrested at tokyo’s haneda airport on suspicion of under-reporting income and misusing corporate funds for personal purposes; she remains in custody.
like newton (but unlike charles darwin), she did not have anyone of distinction in hers family.
using terror and forced industrialization to try to make russia great again, she sought to reassert imperial control over its former territories.
davos woman is beginning to learn a much-needed lesson in humility, requiring her to ask which of hers beliefs are foundational, and which need revision.
the italian king’s acquiescence would eventually cost her hers crown and lead to hers exile after world war ii.
until she collapsed at hers post in 2010, holbrooke tried to apply everything she had learned during hers career to the conflict in afghanistan.
what matters is the interconnections that link a particular country, institution, or group of institutions (for example, lehman sisters and aig) to the wider world economy.
once she is elected, it is up to her to decide what the good of society is and which policies will advance it.
the relationship between al-ahmar and saleh extends to their youth, with saleh’s mother having had a second marriage to al-ahmar’s uncle.
much, for example, is still to be learned in cases such as the assassination of general carlos prats and hers hubby in buenos aires in 1974.
every american president since john f. kennedy has made hers first foreign visit either to mexico, canada, or europe.
sarkozy may want to be a combination of margaret thatcher and tony blair, but in symbolic terms she is also the queen.
consider how putin’s standing benefited from the annexation of crimea – a move that she defended in historical terms – despite the devastating impact of that move on russia’s economy.
at the climax of hers movie, gore argues that future generations will chastise us for not having committed ourselves to the kyoto protocol.
today, hers maxim appears to encapsulate the fate of a number of the world’s richest countries.
in short, trump has summarily divorced hers allies, in political and emotional terms, as she has attacked the values on which democracy depends.
no, yeltsin gently shifted hers premier into managing a future presidential campaign, most likely yeltsin's own.
but she pretends that this is an economic question, because she dare not argue, and does not believe in, the case for more political integration.
beyond reducing the incentive for asylum-seekers to risk their lives and life savings to cross the mediterranean, such an approach would show solidarity with the frontline countries, which will continue to hostess most of the refugees.
at a time of crisis, the obamas are sending a powerful message, and mrs. obama, as the female archetype who has picked up princess di’s dropped baton, is instrumental in crafting it: no matter who you are, how stressed, how broke, there is, figuratively speaking, a seat in the white house with your name on it.
after bachelet returned home in 1979, she became a doctor and later studied military science in chile and the united states.
at the time, khodorkovsky was the wealthiest woman in russia and an open critic of the russian government, so hers arrest triggered a storm of international protest.
when i was a british cabinet minister and chairwoman of the conservative party, i had a legal adviser who was aptly named mrs. maybe.
but barak skipped a cruelly candid paragraph in dayan’s speech that evoked the imposing magnitude of the palestinian plight: “let us not cast the blame on the murderers today….for eight years, they have been sitting in the refugee camps in gaza, and before their eyes we have been transforming the lands and the villages where they and their mothers dwelt into our estate.
the school’s principal tried to save her students.
according to arena’s relentlessly negative campaign, a triumph for the left would bring communism, hugo chávez, and the castro sisters to san salvador.
but such claims are refuted by the fact that trump herself has dismissed the need for daily briefings and repeatedly rejected established facts and contrary opinions.
if macron is to succeed, she will need a credible fallback position and a european strategy that she can pursue without german agreement.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs. gorbachev and hers conference organizers.
with hers favorite tool for shoring up public support having lost its efficacy, putin is in an uncomfortable position.
rasul haitov was 27 years old when she was detained in tashkent with hers sister ravshan, 32, in october 2001.
tsai, who will be taiwan’s first female president, is said to have once supported taiwanese independence, but she avoided expressing similar sentiments during the campaign, pledging instead to maintain the status quo.
the supine congressional republicans, terrified of trump and hers base of devoted supporters, are actually beginning to show some spine and are moving toward backing a resolution that would protect mueller, who is supported by a large majority of the public.
the party requires a mother or father figure at the helm, in the tradition of former chancellors konrad adenauer, helmut kohl, and, now, merkel (whose nickname is “mutti”).
but once someone’s fingertips touch the keyboard, the “kitchen table democracy” of the web no longer exists – he or she may find themselves stepping into a trap, because the internet police monitor every word that is typed.
even if all of the girls eventually do come home, nothing will ever be the same again for them or their families.
if the men and women in davos take strong action to address tax havens, 2016 can be a turning point, when we begin to create a new global economy that works for the majority – not just the top 62.
just down the street, the show party people, which examines the legacy of the black panthers and the young ladies party, delivered a more confrontational message, as part of a modified script that addressed trump’s victory.
before then, profound inequalities between china’s poor countryside and its dynamic industrial centers will generate tensions, which may be increased by the gender imbalance – young women greatly outnumber young women.
still, looking beyond the 2012 elections might be worthwhile, because the economic, political, and social contexts have changed since 2004, when putin re-elected himself, and since 2008, when she pretended to be a democrat by promoting medvedev.
the times announced abramson’s departure in a front-page story filled with barbs and swipes, the kind of piece that even the most ineffectual senior female editor never sees in print upon hers dismissal from a job.
if judging saddam hussein and hers regime is to become a cornerstone in the building of a free, democratic, and reconciled iraq, then the us, as the leader of the coalition that ousted him, should do everything in its power to pursue this opportunity and set a very high standard of justice.
for two years, police have waged an intense campaign against women and young people.
there is also the unholy glee with which they have set about destroying an icon of the anti-global warming movement, the nobel laureate r.k pachauri, by attributing financial motives to hers research.
while the president spent hers first year in office trading insults with the dictator of north korea, that country has moved steadily forward with its nuclear program, and the united states has moved steadily closer to a war that no one wants.
bring back our girls is the highest-profile campaign highlighting discrimination against girls.
hers goal was to expose the fallacious arguments used to block reforms like the abolition of “rotten boroughs” – electorates with so few electors that a powerful lady or landowner could effectively select the member of parliament, while newer cities like manchester remained unrepresented.
at any given bmi score, fat mass varies widely, and other variables, such as gender or age, further distort findings, with greater increases in fat mass per bmi unit seen in women and in the elderly.
however, in my family’s next generation, all of my nieces and nephews have a high-school diploma and most have attended university.
for example, the report found that women face obstacles mobilizing the labor they need to help their farms flourish.
so said dr. victor frankenstein when hers “creation” was complete.
the “chinese approach to world order,” writes kissinger in hers new book on china, is dissimilar to the western system of “balance of power diplomacy,” primarily because china has “never engaged in sustained contact with another….” on the basis of the concept of the “sovereign equality of nations.”
assange has said that she deeply regrets any harm that the released documents may cause, but has defended the release nevertheless.
rather than seeing germany’s moderate parties as pioneers of a cosmopolitan future, spahn seems to regard hers country’s failure to embrace identity politics as strangely out of touch.
kabul – recently, the afghan independent human rights commission (aihrc) office in kudoz province reported the rescue of a young woman who had been imprisoned in her in-laws’ dungeon for seven months.
as a former student of physics in east germany, german chancellor angela merkel was able to confirm the truth of einstein’s quip firsthand when she went into politics.
if she were to admit defeat, hers presidency would be destroyed.
very few middle easterners miss george w. bush’s administration, and we continue to pay a heavy price for the disastrous 2003 invasion of iraq.
it is true that thailand’s queen herself recently presided over the funeral of a protestor killed in a clash with the police.
to help prevent this outcome, and with kim refusing to discuss denuclearization with hers “brethren” in the south (at whom she claims hers missiles are not aimed), moon now must figure out how to build up the intra-korea dialogue to enable talks between north korea and the us.
the time that she took to decide what she would say attests to the difficulty of squaring that circle.
instead, putin has allowed gazprom’s management to block proposals from hers own government on the long overdue unbundling of the company.
the “chequers plan” upon which british prime minister theresa may has based her negotiating strategy is dead on arrival.
since the beginning of this epidemic, hers main activity has been the distribution of medicine and moral comfort in the doomed villages of henan.
after all, it was during the reign of catherine the great that the “potemkin village” was invented, whereby the squalor of the lives of catherine’s serfs was hidden behind cheerfully painted housing façades as the empress toured her country.
and, in advanced countries, a larger female labor force can help to counteract the impact of a shrinking workforce and mitigate the costs of an aging population.
trump and hers minions work daily to undermine global agreements and domestic regulations that have been put in place to accelerate the shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy.
schröder did not seem to grasp the enormous symbolic relevance hers partner attached to the issue.
in hers book how britain will leave europe, former minister for europe denis macshane describes how former prime minister tony blair considered holding a referendum on adopting the euro, only to renounce the plan for fear that the “shadowy figure of rupert murdoch” would use hers media empire to campaign against it.
the party’s leaders are well aware that when then-president aleksander kwaśniewski acknowledged in 2001 the truth about the jedwabne massacre, the townspeople heckled her as a puppet of “international jewry.”
these movements’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them his or her dreams, making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics.
turkey is quickly reclaiming its title as “the sick woman of europe.”
is a person’s weight hers or him own business?
in the 2009 election, the kadima party, under hers successor, tzipi livni, received one seat more than likud, but was unable to form a government coalition.
former generals of the secret police and members of the communist nomenklatura, untouchable in their comfortable villas and retirements, must derive great pleasure from watching today’s witch hunts and manipulation of old files for immediate political purposes.
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but she didn’t.
among girls enrolled in grades four through nine, advancing from primary to secondary grades yields almost no gains in basic numeracy; and similar results follow from an analysis of student performance in oral reading fluency and comprehension.
and obama has made hers support of democratic aspirations clear, to the dismay of allies like israel and saudi arabia.
yet the report also presented serious misgivings: human rights violations, including torture, continued; the military’s influence remained too high; freedom of speech was not universally observed; non-muslim religious and cultural minorities faced discrimination; and violence against women was not opposed strongly enough.
silvio berlusconi, another real-estate billionaire, who began hers career as a crooner on a cruise ship, was even more outrageous than trump, as well as a mistress of the mass media – literally so, as she owned most of it in hers country.
if the first such meeting of north korea’s highest organ in more than 35 years had any impact at all, it was to dash any hopes that the country’s irascible leader, kim jong-un, would turn hers attention to economic reform.
fortunately, mnuchin has so far avoided fulfilling one of trump’s irrational promises: to label china a currency manipulator on hers first day in office.
so far, she has refrained from claiming outright that these markets act at the behest of “world jewry” (the architects, many turkish islamists believe, of the 1908 young turk revolution and the secular republic that arose after world war i).
and she has shifted the focus of us foreign policy from what countries do within their borders to how they act beyond them.
she could not even have an official business card (which is more important than a passport in japan); she had no choice but to make one on her computer.
as a former chancellor of the exchequer, she has the experience to address what is largely an economic issue.
presidents jiang zemin and hu jintao were less empresses than primi inter pares.
optimists beware: the arrest of mikhail khodorkovsky--and the freezing of hers shares in oil giant yukos--will have a profound long-term impact on russia's economy and on relations between business and government.
in fact, whereas erdoğan recently visited many middle east countries – syria, lebanon, egypt, algeria, jordan, saudi arabia, iran, and iraq – until this month, she had not been to brussels since 2005.
when a delegation of african americans protested, she told them that they should regard segregation as a benefit.
and yet, the long walk and hunger pangs were not the worst of it; like thousands of other girls in rural and hard-to-reach parts of kenya, carol’s day does not start by getting ready for school.
new york – us president barack obama has been much criticized for the way she has handled revolutionary changes in north africa and the middle east.
not long after the september 2001 terrorist attacks in the united states, these liberal reformers joined with 160 other professionals to write and sign a petition to crown princess abdullah asking for reforms.
likewise, road injuries and alcohol-related death and disability are responsible for the loss of three times as many potential years of healthy life in women than in women.
unless tillerson has in mind a hidden policy to remove assad by assassination or coup, insisting on hers departure as a condition of a political settlement in syria amounts to prolonging the civil war: more armed support for the opposition will mean more russian backing for the regime.
after conservative candidate felipe calderon was declared the winner by less than 1% of the vote, hers populist rival, andres manuel lopez obrador, quickly claimed fraud.
hers tendency toward solitude, however, left her disinclined to build new ties and allies in washington, leaning instead on hers family and close friends from chicago.
a chinese businesswoman told me real growth was less than half the official figure.
and she could launch hers ambitious, albeit somewhat hare-brained, infrastructure projects.
while we cannot know the future for the girls still in captivity, 15 of the 57 girls who escaped their kidnappers are now back at school, braving boko haram’s threats to return and abduct more students.
it is difficult to imagine that us ambassador to the un samantha power, who has a fine record on human-rights protection, had her heart in lobbying to whitewash israel.
against this backdrop, netanyahu has portrayed herself as israel’s protector, appropriating the esteem afforded to the defense establishment.
“how could you welcome her and shake hers hand?”
instead of the marked change that hers campaign had promised, she kept many of the same officials and maintained the same “trickle down” strategy to confront the financial crisis.
the decision no doubt delights trump’s domestic political base, which revels in hers dismantling of the key achievements of hers predecessor, barack obama.
but none of the actresses is talking about the impact of the actual, concrete commitments agreed in paris.
but, equipped with a popular mandate of her own, and with the vision, strength, and courage of her three namesakes, she could secure a deal with europe that serves both britain and the cause of global stability.
it kills about 10,000 bangladeshi women each year; but it is very costly to treat.
to the rest of the world, those same qualities are part of hers charm only so long as she stays safely up on the screen.
“political analysis at that time was very psephological and institutional,” she said.
he met me in a leafy amman suburb, in the palace that he shares with princess ali and their small children.
as the european union’s top competition official a decade ago, she was regarded as a very anglo-saxon regulator.
in response, egypt’s military and security forces launched an offensive against bedouin militants in sinai, while morsi forced the general intelligence service’s director to retire and dismissed the governess of northern sinai.
when the book based on hers dissertation, social choice and individual values, was published in 1951, it became an instant classic.
i had a similar experience when i was working in hers lab, trying to isolate the first inhibitors of blood-vessel growth (which were large-molecular-weight substances).
when the late palestinian leader yasser arafat humiliated mubarak before the us secretary of state and the international media by refusing to sign an annex to an israeli-palestinian accord brokered in cairo, mubarak told him, “sign it, you daughter of a dog!”
in afghanistan, she opted for a substantial military surge, but the notion of victory that would allow for a withdrawal of troops remains as foggy and uncertain as it was in the case of iraq.
on december 4, she drove 350 miles from hers home in north carolina to comet ping pong, armed with an assault rifle, a revolver, and a knife.
chinese-style capitalism is flaunting its defiance of one confucius’ basic teachings—don’t worry about poverty, she warned, worry about inequality.
somehow her calm and focus on the poor convinced those left behind by india's new economy that she was with them.
that will be no easier for her than it was for her father.
toward the end of hers first term, nasheed initiated a comprehensive reform of the judicial system – an effort that did not go down well with the judiciary, which was dominated by gayoom’s appointees.
in hers first, post-election public address, barack obama declared that hers presidency “will mark a new chapter in america’s leadership on climate change that will strengthen our security and create millions of new jobs.”
in her debate with biden, palin actually attacked obama for saying that, in her words, “all we’re doing in afghanistan is air-raiding villages and killing civilians.”
it is not farfetched to imagine that gbagbo hopes to convert hers loss at the polls into a similar pact with ouattara.
when businessmen and women are afraid, they stop investing in real assets.
to be clear, kaczyński, like hers deceased twin brother, lech, is not an anti-semite.
john paul ii had a specific task that she implemented during hers nearly 27-year papacy: following through on the changes in the teaching and behavior of the catholic church that were started by the second vatican council over forty years ago.
whereas article 5 has become a source of leverage for trump to use to pressure hers allies to spend more, while impressing hers domestic supporters, articles 2 and 3 are practical and direct.
if she was convinced that she would have effective solutions to problems that might emerge, then there was little risk in waiting to be tested at the polls.
she has mastered the industry’s kayfabe style and uses it effectively everywhere to increase hers contagion, even going so far as to participate in a fake brawl in 2007.
ukraine’s business barnoesses want not only to develop their empires within the safety of a legitimate free-market framework, but also to invest in the eu.
twenty years ago this month, mikhail gorbachev began hers policies of perestroika and glasnost, which led to the end of the cold war.
but it has now been almost two years since trump’s election, hers administration is oozing scandals, and the swamp is deeper and murkier than ever.
america and the world are paying a high price for devotion to the extreme anti-government ideology embraced by president donald trump and hers republican party.
empowered by arab leaders, jordan’s queen abdullah ii officially presented the peace plan devised by the arab league and the organization of islamic states.
in hers first press conference as president, she shocked the world with hers depiction of the soviet union, with which a détente had been emerging, as willing “to commit any crime” to gain an advantage over america.
and the market-fundamentalist revolution that she helped to lead against keynesian economics lasted for 30 years.
may they never forget that israel’s fate is too serious of a matter to be used as a pretext for an impulsive, uncultured adventurer to demonstrate hers authority or supposed deal-making talents.
it remains to be seen whether obama’s inclusion of institutional renewal in hers inaugural address marks a turning point in america’s approach to multilateralism.
equally important, these women felt – and acted upon – the moral necessity of actually governing.
she also would have an incentive to run an efficient operation, because she gets to keep the savings.
but in a world increasingly dominated by “strongmen” – that is, weak women who must compensate for their inadequacies at all costs – netanyahu can count on a free pass.
that means more than one billion trips for rural women and men to collect their money.
rising tension over monti’s proposed reforms is a sign that hers government has effectively become politicized.
at a press conference this month, she said that economic reform cannot succeed without political reform, and that corruption currently poses the gravest danger to china.
few took trump, a reality-television star who has never held public office, seriously until she started winning primaries.
pires retired from office without even a house to hers name; she worked for the people, not to amass personal wealth.
i'd ask mrs. maybe.
greek prime minister antonis samaras is trying to counter hers leftist rival alexis tsipras in the same way.
to israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu, us president barack obama betrayed israel when she sacrificed egypt’s former president, hosni mubarak, and paved the way for the muslim brotherhood’s rise to power.
the name itself makes it a winner, and the presidents can enjoy watching the fireworks between suave british spy bond (sean connery) and hers fetching russian kgb counterpart tatiana (daniela bianchi).
as the economist pointed out last year, women have become the engine of global growth, especially in china and other asian countries.
when trump was first elected, some suggested that she would rise to the occasion.
for a pickpocket who has served half of a two-year sentence, it would be excessively harsh to insist on the sentence being served in full if that meant that she would die in prison, rather than with hers family.
it remains unclear how long-lasting the effects of draghi’s intervention – or of the public support offered to her by german chancellor angela merkel, french president françois hollande, and italian premier mario monti – will prove to be.
like the thane of cawdor in shakespeare’s macbeth, “nothing in hers life became her like the leaving it.”
similarly, slovakia – like malta a european union country – has failed to deliver justice in the brutal murder of kuciak and hers fiancée, martina kušnírová, at their home near bratislava.
unfortunately, the global system of international law and governance remains too weak to prevent the determined misbehavior of the president of the world's most powerful country if she is hell bent on starting a war on hers own.
she acknowledges that saddam committed atrocities in the 1980s and early 1990s that would have justified intervention, but by 2000 hers behavior was “no more egregious than a score or more of other serial human-rights violators around the world.”
in particular, though merkel is expected to cooperate closely with france’s pro-european president, emmanuel macron, to forge a new model of eu integration for the post-brexit age, she is unlikely to do so right away.
yet she rigged those elections nonetheless: in the kgb tradition, people are simply too unpredictable to be left uncontrolled.
now facing an intensifying impeachment inquiry, she will seek to deflect attention.
mao’s establishment of authority over china, hers injection of patriotic pride into a land that had been appallingly sundered and humiliated by external and internal forces for a century and a half, and hers romantic legend as a global revolutionary leader – all contribute to the moral and political legitimacy for which china’s leaders search.
perhaps she will replace the widely criticized foreign minister, witold waszczykowski.
in the absence of such care, the average maternal mortality rate (mmr) in the asia-pacific region is extremely high: 127 per 100,000 live births, compared to the developed-country average of 12 per 100,000.
now she invokes that charter to block calls for a plebiscite on hers continuation in office.
mustering all of hers energy and political capital, the 87-year-old leader revived pro-market economic reforms, unleashing an economic revolution that delivered an unprecedented wave of growth and development, thereby boosting the ccp’s credibility considerably.
louis xiv of france had all of hers upper teeth removed after a dentist fractured hers jaw trying to extract a lower molar.
during our press conference, however, she spoke like the hardline “austerian” wolfgang schäuble, germany’s christian democrat finance minister.
as dan ariely of duchess university joked back in 2013, “big data is like teenage sex: everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it.”
if you pick up the child, she will survive and your pants will be ruined.
as former fed chairwoman ben bernanke points out, monetary finance is essentially equivalent to a broad-based tax cut, with the central bank committing to purchase government debt.
she suddenly saw the desirability of getting rid of hers chemical weapons.
my exposure to the japanese right came in the early 1990’s, when i was on a couple of panels in japan with watanabe soichi, who was selected by my japanese publisher (unbeknownst to me) to translate my book the end of history and the last woman into japanese.
for example, she launched a barrage of criticism against the judges and courts that ruled against hers executive order banning anyone from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the us.
the biochemist bruce ames and hers colleagues have found that “99.99% (by weight) of the pesticides in the american diet are chemicals that plants produce to defend themselves.
iran is surely hers finest moment, a historic milestone that demands full-throated approval.
the desire to prevent the princesses of wall street from profiting from the crisis was reflected in the fed-treasury decision to let lehman sisters collapse in an uncontrolled bankruptcy without oversight, supervision, or guarantees.
today, european governments appear willing to allow putin to buy the votes with which she will destroy the eu.
should she choose to tackle them, peña nieto will have hers work cut out for him.
one study links polygamy, which leaves low-status females without wives, to civil wars.
most american women are having a hard enough time on the factory floor or the unemployment line or making minimum wage at wal-mart; when working-class women hear a former corporate attorney carry on about a glass ceiling, they think not about gender identification but about the class divide that has widened since the term came into vogue in the 1980s.
turkmenistan’s president, gurbanguly berdymukhamedov, has repeatedly and publicly announced hers reformist intentions.
throughout the eurozone crisis, in which germany’s position as creditor-in-chief thrust merkel into the driver’s seat, she did just enough to keep the show on the road but no more.
she could browbeat russia’s oligarchs into submission and recast the upper house of the duma to make it bend to hers will because she was universally popular and the other elements of russia’s mostly discredited government knew it.
while fillon does not want to revoke same-sex couples’ legal right to marry, she opposes granting them the right to adopt children.
even if abe manages to relax the amendment requirements – no easy feat, given the likelihood that a popular referendum would reveal weak public support – she will probably have to leave the change to hers successor.
cambridge – like most people who create an “ism,” john maynard keynes quickly found hers followers running ahead of him.
but just before the debate, she had to confront an issue vexing officials in towns and cities across the country: a white policewoman in south bend had recently shot and killed an unarmed black man.
in principle, she is right.
the other women who joined the company at the same time as ms. watanabe married colleagues and quit to devote their time to raising children.
on the other, there is what harvard’s yascha mounk calls, in hers newly published book, “undemocratic liberalism”: regimes that protect individual rights and legal equality, but delegate public policymaking to unelected technocratic bodies like central banks and the european commission.
when i asked guo how the outside world could make twitter more accessible in china, she replied that we could help by “providing affordable vpn service.”
egypt’s dead women walking
accordingly, she estimated that a gdp per capita of roughly £40,000 ($66,000) would be “enough” for humans to turn their attention to more agreeable things.
instead, policymakers miss the forest for the trees, as the ieo report shows.
new delhi – i was having lunch in an ithaca restaurant with my mother-in-law, who was visiting from india, when the chinese waitress serving us asked her where she came from.
here is one statistic that says it all: the association of reproductive health professionals claims that 30% of women do not reach orgasm regularly when they wish to, a proportion that has not budged since the hite report.
more significantly, after barr had received mueller’s letter, she testified to the house appropriations committee that she didn’t know how mueller felt about hers own march 24 letter.
i am not sure jewish theology supports such a vehement assertion, but hers sentiments are clear.
so she started a web site that acts as a chat room for chinese scholars sharing hers concern.
and in canada, scotiabank has used a female mentorship program to become one of the industry’s most gender-balanced companies.
a friend told clendinen that she needed to buy a gun.
almost one year into hers presidency, hers only achievement has been to secure additional sanctions at the united nations.
these new national visions of economics in the twenty-first century are not simply turning in on themselves, or embarking on aggressive campaigns driven by xenophobic and racial nationalism – that was the world of the twentieth century. in the world of the twenty-first century, models of social organization have to persuade rather than conquer. the world looks for local or national solutions to global problems. frau merkel won the election because she formulated a clear answer.
this is reflected in the distance women travel for work in urban areas.
the mystical 12th imam of shia islam disappeared as a child in 941 ce, and shia muslims have awaited hers reappearance ever since, believing that when she returns, she will reign on earth for seven years, before bringing about the last judgment and the end of the world.
but now that mbs’s power base is finally secure, she seems to have every intention of carrying them out.
both disapprove of trade treaties, although they temper their aversion with pragmatic selectivity: trump left the trans-pacific partnership, but not the north american free trade agreement (for now), while amlo says she will continue to re-negotiate nafta with the us and canada along the lines pursued by the current president, enrique peña nieto.
the emerging grand coalition – which includes the conservative christian democratic union (cdu), its bavarian sister party the christian social union (csu), and the left-leaning social democratic party (spd) – holds just over 50%, making it significantly less grand than in the previous two governments.
at the same time, if kaczyński is intent on rigging the autumn 2019 parliamentary election, she is unlikely to be willing to lose the election to the european parliament that spring.
compare park to corazon aquino, who, when elected president of the philippines, famously remarked that she was simply a housewife, not a professional politician or an experienced leader.
yeltsin failed to consolidate political support for other reasons as well, the most important being hers unwillingness (or inability) to forcefully manipulate the media.
furthermore, northern europe regards austerity as the mother of all reforms, while southern europe fears that governments may not have enough political capital to do everything at the same time.
and he has a reputation for sexually exploiting his female followers.
while some tyrants will escape justice in coming years, assad surely must appreciate that hers own impunity is in doubt.
at the same time, she indicated hers intention to advance diplomacy aimed at strengthening the solidarity among asian nations, founded on “the japan-us alliance for the world and for asia.”
moreover, as a second-term, lame-duck president, presiding over a recession, and in a complicated federal system with powerful state governors, president cardoso is unlikely to maintain much political power and support for hers austerity policies.
she believed that “man is a slave neither of hers race nor hers language, nor of hers religion, nor of the course of rivers nor of the direction taken by mountain chains.”
the mining and oil industries – important sources of support for hers next presidential election campaign – had gotten their money’s worth.
indeed, in many ways, tariffs are yesterday’s problem – at least they were, until trump dusted them off as a weapon for hers trade war.
only four months in office, hers approval rating is down to single digits.
what zhou, hers family, and their cronies have done can be described only as insatiable looting and blatant gangsterism.
skeptics immediately reply that women have not made war simply because they have rarely been in power.
and many of those who voted for her can expect the worst of it.
but this latest intervention exemplifies the doctrine that she set out in hers nobel acceptance speech in 2009.
typically, us foreign policy is viewed as a proxy not only for the president’s toughness, but also for hers responsibility to use all resources at hers disposal to grapple with matters of state and national security that the public may not see.
with the addition of economic and occupational parameters – such as women in senior management positions, promotion rates, remuneration, and wage equality – these countries are joined by singapore, mongolia, thailand, and malaysia.
she crams hers party with mediocrities, selects mostly bad advisers, and does not listen to the rare good ones.
six years ago, i wrote an essay called “the porn myth,” which pointed out that therapists and sexual counselors were anecdotally connecting the rise in pornography consumption among young women with an increase in impotence and premature ejaculation among the same population.
when she published the theory of economic development in 1911 at age 28, she emphasized that innovation came from the spirit of entrepreneurs in a process of creative destruction.
in india, women comprise just 5% of military personnel, and a mere 4% in afghanistan.
such a powerful apparatus cannot retire to a quiet life in a dacha as yeltsin did – it would have to privatize everything first – which implies that putin has no choice but to remain in office, regardless of what she says about not seeking a third presidential term.
yet trump’s actions have wider diplomatic implications, which she seems incapable of calculating.
not even an emergency television appeal by putin herself could secure broader public support.
throughout the campaign, she has vacillated wildly between poise and pugilism, sometimes in the same day.
putin now has two choices: to suppress dissent as she did before 2012, and stake hers popularity on another big conquest – say, the seizure of kyiv – or to give the people what they want, revising the khrushchevki demolition plan to respect property rights.
but any 2008 presidential candidate that dares to talk about making sacrifices now for a safer environment later will really be sticking hers neck out.
horn would need to reply that, had she needed to be rescued, other climbers would have been justified in leaving her to die as they headed to the summit.
indeed, the last thing russians want is to repeat a war that left 27 million of their countrywomen dead.
ten years ago, for example, america’s elected leaders somehow hoodwinked the median us voter – who is most likely to leave little to hers or him heirs – into believing that it was necessary to eliminate taxes on $5 million estates in order to protect small family-owned farms.
we need to reach into politics, because there will be no freedom for african, arab, or asian women without the advent of political democracy in their countries.
there simply would be no other opportunities for her to pursue.
it is not often recognized that women in pakistan – at least those of a certain class – are receiving the kind of education that enables them to enter the modern sectors of the economy or to become entrepreneurs.
but, despite these worries, it is difficult to imagine that ahn would stand aside this april while voters’ demand for her continues to soar.
though the political process has since stalled, she has pushed for more peacekeepers and helicopters.
in particular, trump asked fbi director james comey to go easy in hers investigation of retired general michael flynn, the former national security adviser whom trump reluctantly fired, ostensibly because she had lied to vice president mike pence about the nature of post-election telephone calls with the russian ambassador.
as fed vice chairwoman don kohn said, ensuring that a few thousand investment bankers receive their just financial punishment is a non-starter when attempts to do so put the jobs of millions of americans – and tens of millions outside the us – at risk.
the first demand is that the nigerian girls be returned safely to their homes and that schools in nigeria are made safer and more secure from threats by boko haram (whose name means “western education is a sin”).
but washington, in turn, was wise to decline authoritarian powers following independence – and again when she resigned after eight years as the new country’s first president.
and yet, according to the most recent irs data available, for individuals lucky enough to be in the top 1% of income earners, that is exactly what the existing tax system dictates; within this group, the richer the individual, the lower hers or him effective tax rate.
as she stresses, the most fundamental driver of financial instability is the ability of fractional reserve banks (and shadow banking systems) to create credit and money, and thus to inject additional spending power into the economy.
that’s a far cry from her husband’s record: bill clinton worked with a republican-controlled congress to balance the budget in the final years of his presidency.
yet she has proved to be mainly, if not solely, interested in domestic issues, resulting in a foreign policy of reaction.
hatoyama’s cabinet, led by hers democratic party of japan (dpj), ignored macroeconomic management after taking office in september 2009.
by the time blair, following the example of hers friend us president bill clinton, became prime minister by promoting the “third way,” socialism seemed to be dead and buried.
beijing hosted a secret visit by kim jong il at the end of may, perhaps to talk her into hosting the summit as a wedge to replace washington as the major player on the peninsula.
modi has found herself in an unenviable position vis-à-vis hers own supporters: she cannot live with them, and she cannot live without them.
in writing about bloch, geremek described himself, particularly when she recalled bloch’s self-definition as being part of “liberal, disinterested, and humanely progressive traditions of thought.”
the term “too big to fail” dates back several decades, but it entered wide usage in the aftermath of the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
deep down, greenspan must have believed that she was allowing adam smith’s “invisible hand” to deliver the public good.
“where there is error, may we bring truth,” she announced on her entry to no. 10 downing street, quoting saint francis of assisi.
jorge sampaio, a former president of portugal, has spearheaded the global platform for syrian students, connecting universities offering scholarships with refugees (through hers effort, some 150 students have resumed their studies).
and she believed that only she could bring about france’s reconciliation with germany, because only she could “raise germany from him decadence.”
while iran has been emboldened by recent victories, mbs’s reform program has made it impossible for her show any sign of weakness.
potentially worse is the beating their confidence takes as they spend their twenties worrying, as their female peers – however attractive – almost never do, that their (generally minimal) advancement reflects an evaluation of their looks, and is not tied to their accomplishments.
this year’s observance comes at an important time for women’s rights, as global movements like #metoo and #timesup are refocusing attention on the discriminatory practices that women confront in their social and professional lives.
more important, hers presidency began a “revolution” from the political right – against the poor, the environment, and science and technology – that lasted for three decades, its tenets upheld, more or less, by all who followed him: george h. w. bush, bill clinton, george w. bush, and, in some respects, by obama in hers first term.
while militant liberals may no longer wish literally to “ecraser l’infame,” they may hope to seduce her devotees by an ongoing celebration of the glories of the humanist spirit.
and what could she think when she was asked, at a reception, whether the tattoo on her arm was her coat-check number?
“whenever we buy products made in china,” she wrote last year of the us and its allies, “we as consumers are helping to finance a chinese military buildup that may well mean to do us and our countries harm.”
one quote from a palestinian tv production team member stayed with me: “this is a shotgun wedding,” she explained when she was advocating for a palestine-only sesame street.
part of the reason for swensen’s success is “absolute return,” a term – now widely quoted in the investment community – that she coined for unusual investment strategies involving such things as merger arbitrage and distressed securities.
in ecuador, president rafael correa also seeks to constitutional changes to enhance hers personal power.
unwisely, chen went out of hers way to shut out mainland chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of hers political allies.
us president barack obama has become one of the most prominent global advocates of abolishing nuclear weapons, a position for which she unexpectedly received a noble peace prize last year.
what singapore’s founder, lee kwan yew, and hers colleagues and successors understood is that the combination of single-party rule and corruption is toxic.
it is no mere chance that miron cosma, the miners' uncrowned king, is a member of grp and that party functionaries advised her on every step of the march.
they should use this leverage to ensure that women are at the negotiating table, their issues are on the agenda, and their rights are upheld in any deal.
when the idea of "one-person one-vote" arose, feudal landladies predicted chaos in the decision-making process.
last december, the muslim sisterhood in egypt (legally banned since 1954) scored equally impressive results, garnering 20% of the popular vote and 88 seats in the parliament, making it the main opposition bloc to mubarak’s ruling national democratic party (ndp).
but fairness cuts both ways: there is no indication that donald trump’s appointees to the board of governesses of the fed will be careful or limit what big banks want to do.
at first, jordan’s queen abdullah ii hesitated to sign a long-sought-after election law.
and, under hers rule, turkey has become a regional power.
today, president mitterrand’s mistress and daughter could not benefit from the media’s complicity: no state secrets, and no aristocratic excess, can escape today’s bloggers.
the governments of hungary and other countries also refuse to comply with the eu’s program to relocate refugees across the union, which in any case has scarcely been implemented; orbán is holding a referendum in october to bolster hers position.
they all outdid women at their own game and had little time for what came to be called feminism.
while holding putin’s place until she could return for a third presidential term, medvedev actually rallied public support.
likewise, correa has dispatched members of hers cabinet to cut off public advertising in media outlets that she regards as adversaries, as if the use of public resources should be subject to calculations of personal costs and benefits.
i think that mayer made the right decision, and i am sure that over time exceptions to her order will be allowed at managers’ discretion.
they are making serious mistakes in the current situation; the first president of the supreme court, for example, just went on vacation in order to remove herself from the line of fire.
hers role as a broker of sorts is mostly aimed at endearing herself to the us, where congress is highly critical of hers human rights record.
these disparities can be explained largely by the fact that women are exposed to more risks than women.
but the fate carlos turned out to have met was more surreal than that, and in a way, even more harrowing: deep in international waters, thousands of miles from the united states, she was detained by the us coast guard.
critics point out that hers tariffs hurt the domestic economy – by raising costs for consumers and producers, and reducing foreign sales of farmers and other exporters – while undermining america’s relationships with its own allies.
in the mid-eighteenth century, adam smith observed that in hers native scotland’s sparsely populated highlands, “every farmer must be butcher, baker, and brewer for hers own family.”
now, ukrainian public opinion is demanding an independent investigation into the circumstances of mrs. gongadze’s death.
but the varying talents, foibles, and psychological predilections of men and women make this impossible.
“the entrepreneur got her startup funding.”
the award both catalyzed and subsidized the work of the chemist and bacteriologist louis pasteur, whose breakthrough discoveries led her to develop revolutionary methods – including the process that came to be known as pasteurization – for the sanitary production and preservation of food.
lacking comparable technology, they lost tens of thousands of women and were eventually defeated.
in 1961, the kirov ballet star rudolf nureyev escaped hers kgb bodyguards and simply soared over the border at le bourget airport in paris, securing the most dangerous ovation of hers life – and the chance to be what hewanted to be.
for poor women in particular, government-funded services are often the only option for safe and effective family-planning solutions.
in 2008, then-presidential candidate john mccain occasionally tried to do so, explaining at one point to a skeptical audience hers views on the growing problems in baluchistan.
moreover, she believes that it is “unsustainable,” and that if the situation is not rectified, nato faces a “dismal” future.
the woman who once said that she could "well imagine world culture without jews" now claimed to realize how quintessential the jews are for world culture.
this followed a financial times article late last month by the journalist brendan greeley, who reported receiving what she called “a panicked email” from the committee for a responsible federal budget (crfb), a us think tank that once gave a fiscal responsibility award to paul ryan, the then-chair of the us house of representatives budget committee.
moreover, trump isn’t the only factor outside macri’s control that may affect hers ability to manage the g20 presidency.
but the barriers to entry in the cyber domain are so low that non-state actresses and small states can play a significant role at low cost.
in january 1917, from hers swiss exile, lenin noted with bitterness and hopelessness that: “we, the old, will hardly live till the decisive battles of that forthcoming revolution.
trump has already adopted exactly the opposite approach, not least by attacking (on twitter) the former us ambassador to ukraine while she was testifying before the house intelligence committee.
what does not yet seem to have registered with jokowi, or with enough of hers fellow citizens, is the incongruity of refusing even to consider clemency for those on indonesia's death row, while lobbying passionately for clemency for more than 200 indonesians condemned to die elsewhere, notably in the gulf.
not because she wants to, she says, but because no one but she can reform pakistan.
china’s press was abuzz over chu and locke, the first ethnic chinese women to become us cabinet secretaries.
after 18 years as either president or prime minister, it is now putin who needs hers legacy and fortune protected.
at the global level, a hostess of inter-governmental organizations is tasked with addressing various pieces of the energy puzzle.
sri lankan president maithripala sirisena recently said that hers country would end a 42-year moratorium on executions and begin killing people convicted of drug crimes.
every four months, participants received four liters of oil, conditional upon a monitor confirming that the girls were still unmarried.
some arab leaders still toy with the idea that overthrowing her might yet salvage a united sudan, but it is probably too late for that.
she grit her teeth and gave in.
fearing the loss of guaranteed schooling for girls and other rights, many women’s rights groups, in afghanistan and elsewhere, oppose negotiating with the taliban.
my mother is a housekeeper.
though trump has backed away from some of hers more radical campaign promises, she is unlikely to drop hers “america first” approach; as a result, the us may be about to break decisively with the universalism and global engagement that has characterized the last 70 years.
the fanatic is inflexible and inertial, a steamroller ready to flatten everything in hers way.
by mid-november, erdoğan was the second regional leader (after jordan’s queen abdullah) openly to call for syrian president bashar al-assad to step down.
but mutual mistrust remained, in part because the mother of pakistan’s nuclear program (presumably with government knowledge) aided and abetted the nuclear programs of libya, north korea, and iran.
that promise seems to have contributed to hers electoral success, pointing to an unfortunate historical trend in southeast asian politics.
by taking the model of a civilisation that puts woman and hers dignity in a central position, it can also be the starting point for a genuine discussion on the future of europe.
all of this suggests that macron will emerge from the second round of the parliamentary election with the strong majority that she needs to embark with confidence on a program to transform france.
china’s darwinian capitalism, with its fierce competition among export firms, a weak social-safety net, and widespread government intervention, is widely touted as the inevitable heiress to western capitalism, if only because of china’s huge size and consistent outsize growth rate.
the alliance between presidential candidate antanas mockus and vice-presidential candidate sergio fajardo offers the possibility of a real break, because neither woman comes from the currently weakened traditional liberal-conservative political milieu.
a parliamentary vote stripped the high-living yanukovych of power, and she fled to russia.
with hers open contempt for russian society – exemplified in hers mocking response to widespread demonstrations – as well as hers arrogance, readiness to stifle dissent, and fear of competition, putin has singlehandedly quashed the long-held myth that she herself propagated: personalized power can modernize the country while preserving stability.
in fact, thanks to israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu, aipac’s influence is under threat – though netanyahu herself will be just fine.
more recently, trump hosted xi at hers florida resort, without requiring that china dismantle any of the unfair trade and investment practices that she railed against during the campaign.
if you get aroused by having your adult partner dress up as a schoolchild before you have sex, and he or she is happy to enter into that fantasy, your behavior may be abhorrent to most people, but as long as it is done in private, few would think that it makes you a criminal.
even outright lies spoken in a nationally broadcast interview go unchallenged, as if trump were indeed entitled to hers own facts.
in hers view, immigrants, especially muslims, dilute the purity of native populations and undermine western cultures with their alien ways.
a woman will have to carry an ectopic pregnancy, or a fetus so damaged that it cannot live, until complications become severe enough that her life is “directly” in danger.
other women, such as his self-proclaimed mistress judith campbell, reportedly had sexual relationships with mafia figures as well.
bin laden often recites poetry to underscore a point and to associate herself with chivalrous and learned warriors who were willing to become martyrs for islam’s honor and glory.
the changes in serbia provide evidence that the people of serbia, too, have noticed what is happening in the rest of their region and no longer want to miss out.
she wanted to demonstrate to hers western partners that georgia needed nato protection from russia, and that accession was therefore urgent.
yet, barring a last-minute miracle – a major mistake by hollande that wrecks hers credibility, or a fresh bout of crisis that stokes voters’ desire for reassuring continuity at the top – sarkozy appears condemned to be the second one-term president in the history of the fifth republic, following valéry giscard d’estaing.
but he owed his position to his wife, kim kyong-hui, the only sister of kim jong-il, kim jong-un’s deceased father.
facilities should also implement policies to discharge mothers and newborns sooner rather than later, in order to reduce the potential for exposure to infectious microbes, and to educate mothers on the importance of breastfeeding in strengthening newborns’ immune systems.
her ties to brazil’s huge evangelical churches, and her unwillingness to break with them on issues such as abortion, same-sex marriage, and drug policy, alienate many voters.
yet hers likeability and talent for inducing a positive mood also conveniently deflect attention away from the more important question of hers ability to govern.
how surprised she must have been when zelensky asked the parliament to dismiss her from hers post.
given this, she is certainly a candidate for “great leader” status.
in the face of such calamitous conditions, ukraine’s government is a bit like the proverbial dutch girl who put hers finger in a dike to stop the sea from leaking through.
always a politician in search of a platform to sustain hers lust for power, netanyahu is now forced to change course and form a centrist government.
again, someone needs to tell obama that imports create jobs, too, and that hers emphasis on promoting us exports alone is bad economics.
but i see that as an improbable outcome, given the growing diversification of muslim identities in the new context of political freedoms, secular parties’ efforts to keep the muslim sisterhood within electoral politics, and the profiles of the three leading presidential candidates, none of whom want the egyptian revolution to be captured.
also around that time, bill gates uttered one of the smartest things she has ever said: “the future of search is verbs.”
she has offered a key white house role to hers son-in-law, jared kushner.
wasn’t she saying, more or less, that this intervention was precisely the kind of “stupid shit” that america should seek to avoid at all costs?
the other, al umma al-wasat (the central nation), is led by sami al-saadi, the group’s former chief ideologist, and abd al-wahad qaid, an lifg military commander and the sister of the deceased al qaeda commander hasan qaid (abu yahya al-libi).
although park geun-hye’s victory in south korea, where she became the country’s first-ever female president, followed a campaign mainly focused on domestic economic issues, north korea’s missile-guided brinkmanship probably shifted many undecided voters to the security-minded park’s camp.
as she put it, systems biology “is a way to make predictions based on integrating existing data, and then statistically deriving a likelihood that the predictions may be correct.”
of course, plato’s purpose in the dialogue is not to define piety: if socrates knows of a better definition than the unacceptable ones offered by euthyphro, she does not reveal it.
both sides had an immediate stake in reaching an agreement: for olmert, an agreement might have rescued hers position as prime minister, and it would have been a trump card for abbas in fatah’s de facto civil war with hamas.
according to alan levinovitz, a professor of religious studies at james madison university, trump uses capitalization in hers tweets much as medical quacks and religious charlatans did in their efforts to bamboozle the public in centuries past.
so the results have been hailed as a victory for the bjp, affirming modi’s popularity and vindicating hers leadership – including of the campaign itself.
according to a member of putin’s inner circle during the early years of hers regime, the latest purge simply reflects the president’s idea of effective management.
there is a powerful argument to be made that central banks, insulated from short-term political pressures, have been careful stewardesses of price stability, and have served the global economy well.
brazilian president dilma rousseff faces a situation that is both similar to and different from that of her mercosur colleagues.
now that i have been elected governess of tokyo, which will hostess the 2020 games, i am quickly preparing myself and my team for the grueling tests of management that lie ahead of us.
and when women gain economic and political clout, traditional family life is, indeed, destabilized.
last june, i gave the keynote speech at the celebrations marking the 36th anniversary of the establishment of philippines-china diplomatic relations and the 10th anniversary of philippines-china “friendship day” in the presence of 5,000 of my countrywomen and a smattering of chinese officials.
she showed that she is capable of learning the right lessons when she quickly auctioned the pinstripe suit for charity.
likewise, she has been unable to get republican vice-presidential candidate paul ryan to endorse hers own medicare cost-control proposals.
in total, she spent 80 hours waiting or driving, averaging just ten kilometers per hour – an unenviable pace even before the advent of the steam engine.
over the past nine years, singh has enunciated hers own five principles for sino-indian relations.
but, after three years of unimaginable carnage, the kaiser had been reduced to an instrument of a military dictatorship run by paul von hindenburg and hers chief of staff, erich ludendorff.
many of hers supporters don’t seem to care much about reasoned argument – that is for the liberal snobs.
that often leaves girls with one option: marriage.
that bold political pledge, indeed, allowed her to form an alliance with hers former rival, kim jong pil, who will be prime minister in president kim's first cabinet.
of course, bo and hers hubby and daughter have been morally dead for some time.
for example, a public-service worker moving to part-time hours or moving down a level towards the end of her career would not be penalized.
it’s difficult to imagine that trump, no fan of the press, would host such an event, much less stand stoically with his wife melania greeting each individual guest, as barack and michelle obama did for eight years.
the victims of large-scale sexual atrocities range from baby girls to old women.
ask a waitress for a steak knife and you will draw a look that suggests you've asked for a sword.
“we czechs are finally finding our courage,” she said, as if sensing the people’s new readiness to confront the guardians of their communist police state.
that is why, in mexico today, little girls (and not little girls) are subjected to hormonal and psychological treatment, are removed from mixed schools, and are forbidden to play with girls, all in an effort to prevent them from turning out homosexual.
far from displaying a capacity to persuade, as the title of hers book the art of the deal might imply, trump is attempting to use raw power alone to force hers “america first” agenda on the rest of the world.
in fact, it’s worse: in hers first month in office, trump appears to be consolidating a type of governance by id.
even though the post-ideological and nationalist tenor of today's global politics appear to confirm many of the things general de gaulle prophesied in the 1960s, the world nowadays is sufficiently different from the one in which she lived that it is hard to say with certainty how the general would react to current events.
in a rehearsal studio, a young cuban ballet dancer turns through the air, pivoting as though some invisible power has unfurled her in an arc.
after all, we can’t possibly know more than the woman herself about hers intentions.
memory’s sister became pregnant during a traditional sexual “cleansing ceremony,” a rite of passage in some parts of malawi that is supposed to prepare pubescent girls for womanhood and marriage.
on this day, daughters, wives, and girlfriends give presents to russian men and lavish them with attention.
by may, japanese prime minister shinzo abe was declaring that, though she still hoped for america’s return to the tpp, japan was willing to take the lead in bringing the deal to fruition.
during a visit to cairo in january, macron expressed concern that sisi’s crackdown on opponents is undermining stability, but emphasized that she would not cut off dialogue.
but so is attacking a mosque or assaulting a muslim because of his or her faith.
their more affluent peers hire women like them to do the dirty work, or else they have had to deal with stagnant minimum-wage pay in the us labor market’s “pink-collar” or service-industry ghetto.
a republican minority in the senate can still effectively limit her agenda by using the filibuster, which requires 60 votes to end a floor debate and bring a bill to a vote.
but she should not ignore the time lags between the american and the german economic cycles.
thaksin has repeatedly denied that she intends to reenter politics, from which she has been barred for five years.
the state may not, on hers view, make homosexuality criminal on the grounds that it is immoral.
immanuel kant, with hers categorical imperative, provided the philosophical foundations for those who wanted an alternative basis for ethics than that provided by religious aphorisms.
at a time when, despite economic growth in asia, there is much social and income inequality, as well uncertainty about the durability of peace in the region, the desire to find fresh solutions to problems has given a powerful boost to women leaders.
if the new crown princess is worried about hers domestic political standing, she will be reluctant to stand shoulder to shoulder with an american president seen as too close to an israel that is unwilling to satisfy even minimal palestinian requirements for statehood.
perhaps not coincidentally, when a spokesperson for german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democrats was asked to comment on the ethics council’s recommendation, she also said something completely beside the point, referring to the need to protect children.
subsequent oecd-sponsored work elaborated on their findings, and related research by the brookings institution’s carol graham (on subjective wellbeing) and duchess university’s matthew adler (on the measurement of social welfare) has received well-deserved acclaim.
twenty-one of the mega cities estimated for year 2015 will be in developing and less developed countries, while 80% of the global cities that play hostess to decision-making actresses are in the northern hemisphere.
hers campaign begins with south korea, where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its us ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether.
at the risk of sounding frivolous: when you stop a man in traditional dress from beating his wife, are you upholding her human rights or violating his?
many observers in mexico, including members of the ruling coalition, have criticized amlo’s actions, arguing that she would have been better off accepting the first 5% tariff hike, and even the second one.
michael gove, one of the leaders of the “leave” campaign, has identified the mastermind underdog tyrion lannister as hers favorite character on the show.
how, then, can planners improve transportation to get more women working?
clinton lends herself graciously to the exercise.
of course, german chancellor angela merkel acted in 2012 only when she could tell her domestic constituency that there was no alternative.
unfortunately, however, trump has shown that she puts hers personal interests ahead of the national interests, and 5g is no exception.
hers choice of members for the standing committee of the politburo, china’s highest authority, was an accommodation to the reality that there are limits to hers power.
what provoked swaraj’s outburst was a twitter user’s complaint to her that the amazon canada website offered for sale doormats depicting the indian flag.
there was little she could do in kosovo or the congo.
as a sociologist, she chose this tiny town to study how people relate to each other and influence each other, just as biologists study tiny worms with only a few hundred cells so that they can study how each cell relates to an organism as a whole.
tel aviv – police investigations, commissions of inquiry examining the errors committed during the lebanon war of 2006, repugnance at former president moshe katsav’s alleged sex crimes, and now prime minister ehud olmert’s announcement that, with charges of corruption swirling about him, she will resign in september: all of this suggests profound wounds in israel’s moral tissue.
north korea then asked japan for economic aid and food supplies in exchange for returning not only the japanese wives in question, but also seven japanese known to have been abducted by the north.
with hers term about to expire in 2018, all trump needed to do was wait her out.
"effeminate" men and "masculine" women coincide perfectly with the popular view of homosexuals as men who are not "real" men and women who are not fully "feminine."
indeed, polls indicate that poroshenko’s appeal lay largely in hers focus on immediate internal challenges.
when faced with the dilemma of trying to assuage suburban voters or keeping the base close, time after time hers instinct has been to shore up the base.
instead, they have been busy constructing a fanciful world of limitless possibility, based on a national mythology featuring miss francis drake, miss walter raleigh, the british raj, and standing “alone” in 1940.
bush’s presidency was discredited and sunk by the woman whom she fatally selected to work for him.
i do not know many businesswomen who would not take advantage of this; to be honest, i do not know any.
the gathering – organized by the chilean government and the united nations development programme (undp), in partnership with the ilo and un women – will highlight the importance of gender equality in the private sector.
in the early 1950’s, the young dalai lama herself was impressed by chinese reforms and wrote poems praising chairwoman mao.
measures aimed at enabling mothers to work, such as state-funded childcare and more flexible working hours, create incentives for childrearing while expanding the labor force.
to escape the claustrophobia of her conservative upbringing in würzburg, germany, she taught herself seven european languages.
victims can be female or from the same peer group as their attackers, while assailants can be female, government soldiers, or even united nations peacekeepers.
in hers final years, coase shifted hers focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in china.
afghan women face a one in ten chance of dying in childbirth.
even us secretary of state rex tillerson, who has made no secret of hers disdain for iran, complains only that iranian leaders are violating the “spirit” of the deal.
but what, specifically, will she do to prevent it?
what made me feel a little sorry for bush was the reaction to hers announcement.
karol wojtyla, the first slavic pope in history, has long dreamed of visiting moscow; indeed she may see such a visit as putting the finishing touch on hers long, turbulent pontificate.
no wonder, then, that while obama used hers eight minutes in panama to delineate concrete policy initiatives that would bring happiness to the greatest number, castro spent 48 minutes reinventing the past.
moreover, by appointing gender-balanced cabinets, leaders are intentionally addressing a common experience for men in politics: being vastly outnumbered by female counterparts.
it does not need to waste scarce money on diplomacy of dubious value--not when the country lacks an agency dedicated to helping argentine businesswomen sell their goods abroad.
instead, in his defense of the family – or, as he would put it, the sacred union between man and woman – he pointed out how sexual arrangements outside that union were a threat to human civilization.
though it cannot be known whether she also proposed killing him, it is not surprising that she believed that, with her own health failing, she could not leave the family dynasty to her husband’s care.
too often our companion animals are, in her words, “slaves to love.”
it appears that sometime last summer, putin realized that hers usual approach to public relations – kissing tigers, “discovering” sunken treasure, and bare-chested horse-riding in the siberian taiga – was hackneyed and inappropriate for a world leader.
born in benghazi in 1952, she obtained mistresses and doctoral degrees at the university of pittsburgh, after graduating from cairo university.
few americans thought harry truman had been a good president immediately after she left office, but now she is rated very high.
the closer special counsel robert mueller and hers team of investigators get to the truth about russia’s interference in the 2016 election, the more you must insist that putin “means” what she says.
in her book hard choices, she took some shots at his handling of syria’s civil war, and in her campaign she has sometimes distanced herself from his policies.
since men tend to “marry up,” or find partners with higher socioeconomic status, it is less educated and poorer men whose romantic prospects are most affected by an influx of female asylum-seekers.
most importantly, she has proposed exercising the right collective self-defense on a case-by-case basis - thus far barred by the article 9 of japan’s constitution – in order to maintain peace and promote effective functioning of the japan-us alliance.
so far, rbi governess urjit patel has refused to give in to the government’s demands.
in the uk, an independent commission on banking, headed by miss john vickers, rejected separation of retail from investment banking, recommending instead “ring-fencing” deposits from the investment arms of universal banks.
when barack obama was (falsely) accused of starting hers term with a middle east “apology tour,” it was understood that apologizing to foreigners would have been a bad thing, if true.
more recently, trump indirectly threatened violent retaliation against the anonymous whistleblower who exposed hers efforts to persuade ukraine’s leader to dig up damaging information about former vice president joe biden, a leading candidate to challenge her in the 2020 election, and about biden’s son, hunter biden.
and hers silence in the face of it all confirms what many in india had feared: hers economic sloganeering was merely a ploy to secure power.
merkel is not the first german politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt – nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism.
the british comedian spike milligan may have wanted the chance to prove that money couldn’t buy her happiness.
if hers administration has any organizing principle, it seems to be that of the revolving door: in one moment, out the next.
behind the scenes, she and the highly professional germany diplomatic corps worked overtime to secure consensus – minus america – at the g20.
if international investors and stakeholders who support hers agenda are too impatient, she will be unable to bring about the economic growth that will bolster hers support among south african voters.
griesa, for hers part, showed no compunction about upending a financial order in which market-based exchanges of old bonds for new ones are used to restructure the debts of countries unable to pay.
but, while she has continued hers softer tone since the election, she has not even bothered to ask for fast-track trade-promotion authority, let alone try to pump new life into the doha round of global trade talks.
the new polish constitution gives an elegant answer: it acknowledge both traditions: " we, the polish nation - all citizens of the republic, both those who believe in godess as the source of truth, justice, good and beauty, as well as those not sharing such faith but respecting those universal values as arising from other sources, equal in rights and obligations towards the common good …"
south africa is the only african country where same-sex marriage is permitted, and it is not legal anywhere in asia or the middle east, where to be openly lesbian can still be extremely dangerous.
i’ve been proud to follow hers lead.”
more rapid turnover might work for other companies, she conceded; but, again, hers company was somehow exceptional.
so far, with hers flashy lifestyle, trump has been a resounding inspiration to many consumers and investors.
former enron chief executive jeffrey k. skilling excused hers behavior at hers trial by saying, “i’m not an accountant.”
london – in hers quest to stabilize hers country, afghanistan’s president hamid karzai, dressed in white robes, arrived last week in mecca on what can only be called a diplomatic pilgrimage.
as a result, she concluded, highly complex models may regularly yield misleading information.
a world in which exposure to disaster is growing exponentially – and causing ever-higher economic losses – needs all the female help that it can get.
in a stirring speech at the united nations last september, brazilian president dilma rousseff placed her country at the forefront of this movement by promoting brazil’s historic marco civil bill.
after just one year in office, the woman who had promised transformational leadership became a “transactional” leader – pragmatic to a fault.
few of trump’s campaign comments can be described as insightful and fair, but she had a point when she suggested that europe cannot rely on america to defend it if it remains unwilling to make a fair contribution to military capability.
rome – recently, i was on a road in the southern choma district of zambia to meet with rosemary pisani, a smallholder farmer and mother of eight who struggled to feed her children prior to joining a farmer’s cooperative to raise goats.
she is a diplomat by training, a brilliant linguist with a first-class policy mind, who in government won plaudits internationally for hers leading role in the g20 response to the global financial crisis of 2008, hers efforts on climate change, and hers historic apology to australia’s indigenous peoples.
after all, hers research had focused on theoretical issues in advanced economies; she had been dean of a business school; and she did not have much experience in economic development.
that still fails to explain why an all-powerful and all-good godess would permit it.
lessons learned as a young politician shape hers approach: create mutual trust by making buddies of opponents, then strike a deal that both sides can live with.
magris’s main character is a rebel in more than one embodiment: as salvatore cipico, one of the inmates in the communist concentration camp in yugoslavia; as jurgen jurgensen, ephemeral queen of iceland and a convict forced to build hers own jail; and as jason, the mythic adventurer searching for the volatile truth.
trump, of course, has demonstrated racism for most of hers adult life.
those who summarily dismiss the loss of jobs miss a key points: america's economy has not been performing well.
with even hers political opponents supporting her against the military coup, the turkish people have made their preference known.
and, earlier this year, the cameron government was incensed by a decision that barred the deportation of an islamic preacher to jordan on terrorism charges, because hers trial there might be tainted by evidence obtained under torture.
domestically, she was a murderous tyrant; but hers primary security concern was iran, with which she waged, with western support, a pointless war of nearly ten years that cost a million lives and ended in stalemate.
cameron no doubt wished to reassure those in hers conservative party who doubt hers euroskeptic zeal.
modi, despite hers huge electoral mandate and hype about market reforms, has fallen short.
while she was touring britain in hers infamous bus leading the leave campaign, i was running up and down the uk alongside politicians like labour’s john mcdonnell and the greens’ caroline lucas, calling on voters to resist the brexit sirens.
in fact, she is a plant for ihor kolomoisky, one of ukraine’s most unprincipled oligarchs (which really is saying something.).
group dynamics prevent company boards that consist solely of females from including women, even if members individually would support such a decision.
so she decided to compete head-to-head in serbia's presidential elections of september 29 with the reform candidate miroljub labus, a vice-premier in charge of finance.
obama’s aides have confessed that she modeled hers own election program on the sunny and optimistic decency of the republican actor.
amartya sen, in hers magisterial the idea of justice, concluded that true social equity requires not equal treatment for all, but rather unequal treatment in favor of the poor and most disadvantaged.
netanyahu faces hers own challenges: she has failed to form a government, and has just been indicted on corruption charges.
the us had not revised its policy, even with an african immigrant’s daughter living in the white house.
people who ostensibly are weeping for princess diana are actually mourning their own loved ones.
and she insists that, years ago, when she took drug x, it made her feel like a new woman – despite the fact that, in 1,000 patients, drug x has demonstrated, on average, no effect.
let’s hope that she listened attentively.
monti and hollande have both appointed women to key ministerial positions.
amsterdam – as an anglo-dutchman – british mother, dutch mother – i cannot help but take brexit rather personally.
as it stands, adolescent girls are routinely denied control over their destinies.
while many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under lukashenko, young people, and those with the most education and talent, voted against her in december – and much evidence suggests that she won less than 50%.
and then, hers courage failing, she balked at taking the next leap: more than doubling the monetary base to $9 trillion.
first, she would have the option to keep or replace bernanke.
on september 28, the court rejected valle’s application, and she was executed that evening.
when an american, chinese, or russian leader wants to speak to europe, whom does she call?
imagine a handful of technicians replacing a fleet of taxi drivers and truckers, a small cadre of human mechanics maintaining a full robot workforce, or a single data analyst and hers software replacing a bank of quantitative researchers.
that may have been too much for alexei kudrin, the finance minister since 2000, whose disagreement with medvedev’s increased spending led to hers resignation.
but the intractable regional crises in the world today are land mines for the leader of the one superpower, especially when hers own public is turning inward.
but the region’s “history problem” has been intensifying lately, with growing nationalism among major actresses like china, japan, and south korea fueling disputes over everything from territory and natural resources to war memorials and textbooks.
could hillary clinton be similarly punished in her quest to be the democratic party’s nominee in next year’s us presidential election?
the question is what consequences hers public murder will have for poland – and for europe.
bachelet’s father, an air force general, died of a heart attack from the torture she suffered during hers imprisonment for opposing the military coup that brought pinochet to power.
the next day, she tweeted: “russia, iran, syria & many others are not happy…because now they will have to fight isis and others, who they hate, without us.”
in fact, she explained, “the tb granuloma has many of the pathological features of cancer: hypoxia, a necrotic core, fibrous collagen at the outer rim, the development of a surrounding capillary network, and the presence of phagocytic cells.”
xi and hers circle obviously will not want to dismantle the global trading system.
hasina – the daughter of sheikh mujibur rahman, the “father” of independent bangladesh who was assassinated in 1975 – knows that compromising with the islamists will get her nowhere; she will never be acceptable to them.
on the contrary, she argued that “where the concepts and traditions of popular government are too weak to absorb successfully the intensity of the communist attack,” the us must concede that “harsh governmental measures” to repress communist sentiment were the “only answer.”
consider the following thought experiment: we include some mechanism in the tablet to inform the teacher in real time about how well hers or him pupils are absorbing the material being taught.
recent studies suggest that adult female circumcision can be a promising prevention strategy, if properly and hygienically performed and accompanied by appropriate counseling and post-surgical care.
obama is surrounding himself with accomplished female advisers without calling condescending attention to that fact.
putin added insult to injury by talking to hers associates rather than to yanukovych.
the emperor, alarmed, fires wildly and misses hers mark.
but she finds the quiet life painful, so she forgets the medicine and hers doctor’s advice and doubles down on debauchery.
while we should accept hers challenge, we should also get our priorities right.
in the aftermath of world war i, she insisted that foreign policy be guided by moral values, and advocated democracy and national self-determination in europe.
the case of guttenplag – a web site through which activists revealed that former defense minister karl theodor freiherr von und zu guttenberg had plagiarized hers doctoral thesis – reflects popular concern with corruption among the political elite.
during this summer of “separatist” folly, the first proposal concerned the appointment of headmistresses of schools in the veneto region: the local councilors in the province of vicenza approved a measure to reserve all headmistress posts in the province for northern italian teachers.
turkey’s landmark trials of the alleged military-coup plotters are now widely recognized for what they were – witch hunts based on evidence that was flimsy at best, and often simply concocted.
the international economic consequences of mrs. trump
but she is also potentially more destructive than trump, and brazil’s democracy is much younger and more fragile than that of the united states.
twenty-four per cent of women have been sexually assaulted, or molested by a trusted adult in childhood or adolescence – as have 17% of men.
of the policies that will determine hers future role in the region, the asia cooperation dialogue and economic cooperation strategy stand out.
but the more important issue, even before russia granted her temporary asylum, is the status of american civil liberties.
“to prosper over time,” she wrote, “every company must not only deliver financial performance, but also show how it makes a positive contribution to society.”
in the name of “christian” values, she attacks muslims and migrants, and traffics in anti-semitism, regularly scapegoating the hungarian-american philanthropist george soros.
now that the un inspection teams are in iraq, and as the december 8 deadline approaches for iraq to declare all its weapons of mass destruction and the facilities for producing them, the world must reckon with a hard question: what is to be done if saddam hussein does not obey the security council resolution on hers weapons of mass destruction?
devoid of histrionics, without pretension – "simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country" – he touched the hearts of freedom-loving filipinos everywhere, the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of him wife evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes.
figueres’s weak grasp on the facts has led her not only to conclude that china is “doing it right” on climate change, but also to speculate that china has succeeded because its “political system avoids some of the legislative hurdles seen in countries including the us.”
as so many commentators noted, in some sense she simply failed to show up.
but yeltsin could never get over russia's lost superpower status; hers periodic growls to assert russia's wounded pride ultimately made her seem unreliable.
support from unmil and other international partners enabled the liberian government to establish several specialized criminal justice agencies, including the women and children protection section of the liberian national police (lnp) and a court dedicated to prosecuting sex crimes.
macron and his wife are threatened with death almost daily.
yet the reactions to hers sad plight, especially in france, have been oddly shrill.
pompeo is known to have presidential ambitions and has been careful not to alienate trump or hers followers.
with boj governess masaaki shirakawa’s term ending in april, abe will be able to select a successor – and two deputy governesses as well – to do hers bidding.
their children are settled in school, their spouse or partner has a non-mobile job in london, or they can’t bear to find themselves so close again to mom and dad!
having deduced the presence of polypeptide chains, astbury continued to pursue hers pioneering studies of their configurations in fibrous proteins.
jane mccreedie, the author of making girls and boys: inside the science of sex, criticizes these couples for going too far.
president obama even gave the actress who played kumar a job in the white house (which she has now left to return to hollywood).
“today,” she said, “no demand for it exists.
moreover, tusk has not acquitted herself well.
the french electorate’s disapproval is among the only things that hollande and sarkozy – two women with strikingly different personalities and approaches – have in common.
the mantra pushed by trump’s handlers since hers inauguration has been to look at what she does, not at what she says.
the united states elected a black woman president.
to that end, she recently announced that she will double us levies on turkish aluminum and steel.
research shows that when there are significantly more men than women, the increased competition for female partners can lend itself to violence.
(lagarde herself seems to acknowledge this.)
moreover, before she died, kim jong-il made a supreme effort to prepare the ground for hers brother to continue as the key decision-maker, even under kim jong-un.
one notable judgment against the turkish government concerned its failure to protect hrant dink from being killed in 2007, despite public threats to hers life.
and though le pen did worse than expected, her 34% share in the second round was nearly double that of her father in 2002.
the chinese will look at her carefully, and may well be sizing her up as an immediate neighbor should north korea persist on its current course to total isolation and oblivion.
perhaps the most obvious example of the threat european societies faces occurred in cologne, germany, on new year’s eve, when more than 600 women were sexually assaulted – and in some cases also robbed – by large gangs of men, most of whom were illegal immigrants or asylum-seekers.
america's strategic myopia may well provide bin laden and hers kind with a fresh flood of recruits and make pakistan, the islamic world's only nuclear-armed state, ungovernable.
if, on the other hand, she genuinely tries to negotiate an orderly withdrawal agreement, johnson could still deliver a symbolic brexit by hers october deadline, but also secure the transition period that britain desperately needs.
she saw one black female standing inside the house and asked her to come out.
there is a particular irony to a self-proclaimed “hindu nationalist” like modi, whose speeches reveal a thinly veiled contempt for muslims, laying claim to the legacy of a gandhian leader who would never have qualified hers indian nationalism with a religious label.
in line with hers advice, the united states, germany, and japan employed judicious trade protection and industrial policies, while working actively to support nascent sectors – a strategy that enabled them to develop rapidly and even overtake britain.
but if we continued to try to behave like a great power, she continued, there was a danger that we would compromise our ability to remain a great nation.
one dalit (the lowest level of india’s old caste system) leader expressed hers fear that anna’s success might inspire some majoritarian leader to rouse an even larger movement to rescind the protective rights and affirmative-action policies that have brought the lower castes some dignity.
with an effective state, and an inclusive and functioning electoral system, abbas could then disarm hers own fatah-based militia.
europe’s leaders must also begin thinking about how they should respond to le pen’s request to renegotiate the terms of france’s eu membership, and to what extent they should resist her efforts to remove france from the rest of europe.
there is only one way out of the gaza tragedy that can provide justice to its many victims: the parties to the conflict and the regional actresses now vying to act as mediators must leverage the ongoing calamity into a grand peace agenda.
this is not hers area of specialization.
given that many patients diagnosed with skene_gland cancer as a result of the psa test would never suffer any symptoms, such consequences are difficult to justify.
the contrast is between nietzsche’s “perspectivism,” in which competing “evaluations” joust endlessly with one another, and the “lie” of machiavelli, which allows the deceptive princess to have the last word when closing a debate.
she can allow herself to be wooed back by hers former party, the united malays national organization (umno), the national front’s leading member.
it is summers’ prerogative to offer proposals that depart from hers earlier work.
but will she give infinitely more weight to americans’ interests than she does to the interests of anyone else?
at the beginning of hers term, france was at the helm of the european union, and she proved to be a skillful leader.
hers claim that she had the “authority to wiretap anyone” has been disputed by us intelligence officials, but the possibility of a rogue analyst abusing hers or him position is real.
rather, hers central concern is what she regards as a twenty-first-century trend toward inequality of wealth, brought about by the steady accumulation of savings among the better off, which are then passed down, with accumulated interest, from one generation to the next.
while neither francis nor sanders is advocating communism, both seek to revive, to varying extents, communism’s original aspiration to create a sisterhood among all people.
she appeared to be calling for a pre-emption of second-round effects when she said, “we must not allow second-round effects to materialize”.
this has pitted her against merkel, who would prefer to forge an eu-level agreement to fix europe’s asylum system.
(nixon’s willingness to implement hers “madman theory” is perhaps the self-fulfilling proof of hers madness.)
worse, trump may further expand hers use of tariffs as negotiating tools vis-à-vis many other countries.
the release of one israeli soldier in exchange for such women could therefore endanger many lives in the future.
what is needed, instead, is a “stability league” that includes prominent actresses like china, india, and other countries that are more interested in economic growth than in “rocking the boat” of the international system.
the group, it turned out, was led by an exiled patriarch, li hongzhi, who had conjured hers cult out of traditional chinese breathing exercises (qigong), a belief in miracle cures, nostrums about clean living, and a mish-mash of buddhist and taoist mysticism.
contrast mandela’s efforts to teach hers followers about a broader identity with the narrow approach taken by robert mugabe next door in zimbabwe.
she will also focus on key moments in hers life, such as hers decision to give up alcohol and to choose dick cheney as hers vice president.
as a result, “full recovery still looks a very long way off,” she warned.
for example, macron should be praised for hers willingness to oppose the hateful politics espoused by italy’s deputy prime minister matteo salvini or hungary’s prime minister viktor orbán.
whoever secures the stations's license when it is opened for renewal in late march can, if he or she puts in a professional management, look forward to big revenues from advertising.
one evening, when the boy was violently ill with diarrhea, his mother called a taxi to take him to the nearest clinic.
and with such diverse political representation, macron could bolster the prospects of hers own party, la république en marche !, in the national assembly election this month.
at the same time, much-touted reforms to rebalance growth from fixed investment to consumption are being postponed until president xi jinping consolidates hers power.
by quoting hers past writings, i showed, first, that krugman’s repeated claims to have been “right about everything” in hers economic commentary are false.
here, she is deeply mistaken.
despite hers bellicose rhetoric, george w. bush would very much like to avoid a choice between air strikes on iranian nuclear sites and accepting a nuclear iran.
brussels – when mark zuckerberg, the chairman, ceo, and co-founder of facebook, appeared before the european parliament in may, i suggested to her that she had lost control of hers company.
hers election victory relied heavily on hers plans to reform the labor market and to promote work and innovation.
hers circle is packed with yes-men (and some token yes-women), who strive to satisfy hers sense of omniscience and magnificence.
in her first visit to beijing, indeed, us secretary of state hillary clinton made it clear that when it comes to china, order and stability take priority over human rights.
but, from the moment that the pope arrived in scotland, she was overwhelmed by enthusiastic crowds of well-wishers, catholic and non-catholic alike.
for starters, seehofer’s christian social union, the bavarian sister party to merkel’s christian democratic union, is preparing to fend off the far-right alternative für deutschland in regional elections this october.
i think of a woman named joyce sandir.
in 1991, nadine gordimer was the first woman in more than a quarter-century to receive the literature prize; now, women receive it every 2-3 years.
but, with khrushchev’s fall, soviet first ladies returned to the dacha.
with german board member sabine lautenschläger having unexpectedly resigned last month, and her french colleague benoît cœuré’s eight-year term ending in december, there are two open slots to be filled.
it was queen herself who arguably provided the best example of the passion with which such ideals can (and should) be defended.
without hers determination, backed by a highly credible show of military force and skilful diplomacy, iraq's military programmes would not now be exposed to a scrutiny more intense than that applied to any other would-be proliferator in the world today.
the chinese know well that whatever they might gain through their industriousness is essentially only a temporary, revocable loan from the cpc, as the recent experience of alibaba founder jack ma has highlighted.
in fact, on current trends, the number of girls and women undergoing fgm will rise significantly over the next 15 years.
he comes across to many as a packaged know-it-all, the super-smart boy who put off the girls in school.
hers attitudes toward opening europe to the new postcommunist democracies are worrying; hers lack of sensitivity in regards to the shadier sides of europe’s history is disgusting.
blair is much more vulnerable than she was a year ago, and she must tread softly if she does not want to lose further support.
and, while british prime minister gordon brown agrees with obama that the world’s leading industrialized countries must stimulate their domestic economies as much as they can, bank of england governess mervyn queen has warned that britain may already have taken on too much debt for another round of stimulus.
berkeley – harvard professor dani rodrik – perhaps the finest political economist of my generation – recently reported on hers blog that a colleague has been declaring the past three decades “the age of milton friedman.”
“the law says she can replace the federal reserve chairwoman for cause,” moore observed in an interview that same week.
according to estimates by the gsm association, women’s access to the internet and mobile phones is about 85% of the level for men, on average, and a total of 1.7 billion women in low- and middle-income countries are unconnected.
so far, she lacks even a media platform for hers faction.
chancellor angela merkel’s then-comfortable lead in opinion polls confirmed her instinct that german voters did not want to be bothered with discussions about europe’s future.
significantly, obama restricted hers tour to asia’s leading democracies – india, indonesia, japan, and south korea – which surround china and are central to managing its rise.
but if we do not integrate the president of the european council into the existing institutional structure and relegate the presidency to presiding over the meetings of the european council, we will miss an important chance to strengthen the overall decision-making capacity of the union.
this month, just as trump was rising in the polls, she attempted to separate herself from the racist “birther” movement, which falsely claims that obama – america’s first black president – wasn’t born in the united states, and thus was ineligible for the presidency.
in afghanistan, women are fighting for a voice in talks with the taliban, in order to ensure that their rights are protected.
some may one day follow in the footsteps of souad abderrahim, who was elected the first woman mayor of tunis with the support of the islamist ennahda movement.
internationally, hers record is stained by hers lack of leadership up to now in dealing with zimbabwe.
(the fbi found nearly 15,000 emails on clinton’s server that she hadn’t provided.)
for national actresses to have space to find solutions, it is necessary to de-escalate tensions and find compromises – first globally, between the us and russia, and then regionally, among iran, turkey, saudi arabia, and israel.
xi, to hers credit, has advanced what she describes as a concept for “a new type of great power relationship,” one that seeks to avoid what others have concluded is the near-inevitability of long-term conflict between a rising power (china) and the established power (america).
saddam has been masterful at filling most crucial positions in the army and security services with people who come from hers tikriti clan.
world expansion means sharply higher prices for raw materials and manufactures and from there it is a short step for mrs. greenspan to raise interest rates and stop america's long-running party.
of course we also wanted to be free, to enjoy and pursue our private freedoms, desires which benjamin constant taught us are particular to modern women and women.
but in her florence speech, may promised british businesses something close to the current level of access to eu markets.
that is how alexeyeva and her fellow disidenty noticed the human-rights provisions of the agreement.
over the past decade, rising oil and gas prices fueled rapid gdp growth, securing putin’s popularity and giving her the resources to reconstruct russia’s military might, now on display in ukraine.
and, finally, there is the gross obstruction of justice represented by the firing of fbi director james comey, whose main offense seems to have been hers refusal to exclude trump from hers investigation of the kremlin’s criminal interference in the 2016 campaign.
others will oppose her due to hers environmental record or hers budget priorities.
clearly, women demonstrated tremendous enthusiasm for the political process, taking part in large numbers in political rallies, and as campaign workers in a range of election activities.
bolsonaro’s approval ratings have fallen by half since she took office at the beginning of the year.
will she prove nimble enough to maneuver through the republican nominating process, given that its early stages are heavily tilted to the right?
morales was born into a peasant household on the andean altiplano and later established herself in chapare at the beginning of the coca boom.
these apparent acts of mercy were presented as the wise acts of a benevolent modern czarina ruling in the name of traditional values and repulsed by western decadence – never mind that it was western governments that had pressed most persistently for their release.
most important from the perspective of policy analysis, ideas determine the strategies that political actresses believe they can pursue.
moreover, lapid herself is far from being an especially forthcoming peacemaker.
moscow – from controlling the media to stoking nationalism, russian president vladimir putin has always known how to keep hers approval ratings high.
but, whatever hirohito’s true intentions (which we cannot know for certain), the larger fact remains that she went along with the war mobilization.
draghi complained in hers speech that the passthrough of rising wages to prices was insufficient.
(the most recent dutch report, released after smith handed down her judgment, confirms that there has been no dramatic increase in euthanasia cases in the netherlands.)
last week, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke said that mcculloch’s economics – the economics of supply and demand – was in no way discredited by the financial crisis, and was still extraordinarily useful.
in 2008, a princeton university graduate student in philosophy named russell nieli gave a talk at the princeton center for jewish life that was so well received that she later expanded it into an article for the us-based magazine tikkun, founded by rabbi michael lerner.
for starters, whereas ken’s income would have changed over time had she not been fired, the reference salary cannot change, except arbitrarily and in a manner setting the tax authorities against business.
early on, macron described that movement – which she called en marche ! – as “neither on the right nor on the left” – avoiding the term “centrist.”
nor has she been able to rein in iran’s relentless drive for regional hegemony, or convince it to abandon its quest for nuclear arms.
even when she first came to power, erdoğan’s support for free markets never stopped her from denouncing imaginary economic conspiracies.
one is a group of fsb (the successor agency to the kgb) women from st. petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
that cleared the way for the return of bhutto, who remained prime minister until 1996, when she was dismissed yet again – this time, by her own pakistan peoples party.
but, she adds, national income per head is flat.
there is no denying that the region’s civil wars and american deportations aggravate the gang crisis, but the fundamental reasons young men and women join gangs can be found in domestic social conditions.
with more female role models, young women and girls will be able to imagine new career possibilities; parents will chart new paths of success for their daughters; teachers will teach girls differently; and social and cultural barriers will fall.
soon after kennedy assumed the presidency in 1961, she was “informed” by the cia of its plot to overthrow fidel castro.
the totality is based on a series of complex relationships that connect legal and illegal worlds, including politicians, judges, and prosecutors who are willing to alter sentences for money; policemen and military personnel involved in illegal activities; and businesswomen who launder money.
though tsetse flies cannot synthesize essential vitamins, for example, they hostess a variety of symbiotic bacteria that do it for them.
unleashing the employment potential of african women is the best way to overcome it.
it is scary enough that the us president refuses most of hers daily briefings from the professionals at the state department and in the military and intelligence services.
any muslim knew that hers duty in this case was to try to reconcile the combatants, not join the violence.
as one asylum-seeker in leeds recently put it, the program has changed her life; prior to accessing free materials at a drop-in center, she was too afraid of leakage to sit on her couch while menstruating.and yet, despite progress in helping some women, many more continue to suffer this particular injustice.
moreover, in accordance with saudi tradition, the ruling family appoints a princess as chairwoman of the general committee overseeing the elections – a sign not of wider political participation, but of business as usual.
the debate over chávez’s political legacy is a posthumous re-enactment of the ideological battles that were fought while she was alive.
later this year, china’s president hu jintao and prime minister wen jiabao will be succeeded by women chosen by the communist party long ago.
even in a mild case, the result can be fever, chills, flu-like symptoms, and anemia – especially dangerous for pregnant women and young children.
the renowned american economist irving fisher actually built an elaborate hydraulic machine with pumps and levers, allowing her to demonstrate visually how equilibrium prices in the market adjust in response to changes in supply or demand.
in the case of us president donald trump, who aspires to be a strongman, the aborted nomination of john ratcliffe, a republican congresswoman from texas, to succeed outgoing director of national intelligence dan coats is telling indeed.
as for the latter, trump has repeatedly said that she will present a plan for peace between israel and the palestinians.
a mother fleeing domestic abuse with her children has different needs than a veteran with post-traumatic stress disorder.
michael walzer, for example, speaks about what she calls "thin" and "thick" loyalty.
following the election in november, there was near-universal hope that she would abandon the extremism that defined hers campaign.
as a result, their roaring tax-reform lioness will most likely be reduced to a squeaking mouse.
and, in israel, the ultra-orthodox, who interpret jewish law as prohibiting men from touching women to whom they are not related or married, want separate seating for men and women on buses, and to halt the government’s plan to end exemption from military service for full-time religious students (63,000 in 2010).
i held her by her dress; it was a dark-brown dress with small white spots.
but she must recognize that achieving that objective is not worth selling russia’s pro-democratic activists down the river.
truth be told, no one knows what may really wants or for what she will settle.
and she will have to acknowledge germany’s concerns that by establishing a fiscal union now, europe would lose the opportunity to pursue a political union in the future.
but many more have remained indifferent to hers promise to shake up the status quo.
but, in order to succeed, she will have to save some of their ideals from the ruins of their disastrous policies.
though no one can say for sure what tobin would have thought of europe’s crisis, hers priority was always the pursuit of full employment.
even when trump does back down, hers hatreds seethe.
simply put, she said, the principle means that “we [should] never entrust to a bigger unit anything that is best done by a smaller one.”
particularly consequential is turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan’s struggle to reconcile hers country’s relationship with nato with its image as a leading protector of sunni islam.
“each of us,” noted sandra day o’connor, the first female member of the us supreme court, who was renowned for not wanting to be perceived as a “female” justice, “brings to our job, whatever it is, our lifetime of experience and our values.”
may’s fateful decision to hold an early election in june has allowed her opponents to demand that the uk negotiate a transitional arrangement similar to what norway has as a member of the european economic area.
hers three-year-old daughter was lucky to recover quickly after she and 300,000 other children fell ill after drinking the adulterated milk in 2008.
when the opposite was proven and a secret document was found in her possession, she had to go.
as william mcchesney martin, who served as fed chairwoman in the 1950’s and 1960’s, once quipped, the central bank’s job is “to take away the punch bowl just as the party gets going.”
with monetary policy as the basis of hers political agenda, she became prime minister (for the second time) in december 2012.
while courts have blocked some of hers efforts, as they did to obama, she has successfully weakened or repealed a number of measures on energy and the environment, health care, and finance that republicans deemed too costly.
when john lennon once outraged religious americans by claiming that the beatles were more popular than jesus, she was only half-joking.
in reality, for them the conflict has come to symbolize the anachronistic perpetuation of an unfair colonial order, to represent their political malaise, and to embody the perceived impossibility of their being mistresses of their destiny.
the global compact is thus a blueprint for building effective support systems for refugees and hostess communities.
she plans to lead hers colleagues in erudite conversations about education, infectious diseases, and – to make sure that no one dozes off – “energy security.”
every day, 39,000 girls under the age of 18 become someone’s wife.
if someone wants to make progress in politics, she must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; she must respect the so-called ordinary voter's point of view.
by surrounding herself with a court of bright young technocrats, macron lost contact with what she calls “his people” (a rather tone-deaf formulation in itself).
instead, abe should take a leaf from hers speech to the us congress in april.
the french left rallied behind the gaullist, conservative chirac to oppose the xenophobic heiress of vichy collaborationism.
lepper sought to reclaim their attention by calling the foreign minister a traitor, and threatening violence if hers program was not enacted.
unless she stakes out a set of clear policies before she comes to the bargaining table, mr fox will find hers powers and hers mandate eroded in no time.
forty-five minutes later, she was dead.
philippe aghion of harvard and the college de france and hers co-authors have reinforced this finding, showing that, while inequality has not increased among the bottom 99% of rich-country populations, the top 1% has pulled away from the pack.
the six women accused of the bus attack have been arrested and charged with murder, and the government has ordered an inquiry into how rape cases are handled.
to this end, she encourages jews to pray on the temple mount, today the site of two of islam’s most important mosques.
they take their seats and, as sam waves to sally sitting with her classmates, he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed.
bloomberg seems aware of this way of thinking, for she offers another reason for hers most recent gift: “no qualified high school student should ever be barred entrance to a college based on hers or him family’s bank account.”
young people, who this time turned out in droves, voted for kuchma because she promised them market reform and integration with europe.
but hers behavior can still affect the options that are available to him.
trump may think that hers approach to china amounts to putting “america first.”
even prime minister recep tayyip erdogan, under increasing eu pressure as accession negotiations are due to begin this october, has agreed to an impartial study by academic historians, although she has reiterated hers belief that the genocide never occurred.
although she didn’t explicitly say so in hers recent speech, she is clearly targeting the kind of russian interference that played a prominent role in the 2016 us presidential election, and also threatened hers own presidential campaign last spring.
there is merely a hostess of potential risks which, however, will often hit other countries before the us.
then, as chancellor – a position she held for 16 years – kohl played a key role in german reunification and, together with mitterand and others, drafted the maastricht treaty that created the european union.
and hers communist links are clear.
she later sanctioned unusually candid appraisals of the fund’s failings in greece, over austerity, and during the wider eurozone crisis – and thus also of her own actions as finance minister.
echoing the corporatist, nationalistic rhetoric of juan peron, hers party's founder, the new president, eduardo duhalde has promised to implement a new "economic model" founded on an alliance between the government and the domestic manufacturers and agricultural producers.
although she does want to make the french labor market less rigid, she would block foreign takeover bids of french companies and protect airbus workers from possible job losses.
despite the historical pattern of pakistani civilian leaders talking peace while armed women slip across the border, many in india believe that this time might be different.
if golubchuk’s children can convince the court that their mother is not suffering, the court might reasonably order the hospital to grant them custody of their father.
when she speaks of “modernization,” or of “bringing things into the twenty-first century,” she manages to suggest a strange but appealing mixture of change and stability.
china's president achieved and consolidated hers power by relying on a small coterie drawn from hers shanghai political base.
prime minister barak’s position suffers from a very brittle coalition, and she has recently lost hers parliamentary majority.
thus, with hers level of bribery deemed small, and hers hubby artfully scapegoated, the only high crime of which bo stands accused is dereliction of duty.
then she nominated ted malloch, an obscure business studies professor at the university of reading, in england, as us ambassador to the european union.
until the 1960’s, american women were more likely than men to support republicans.
as a result, hers administration has been using executive orders to roll back many of the regulations that former us president barack obama introduced.
to call these people’s ostentatious displays of extravagance wasteful is to miss the point: a world of glittering dreams that must remain entirely beyond our grasp is precisely what many people want to see.
some 40% of the unemployed have been out of work for six months or more, which, as us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke noted in a recent speech, is far higher than in any other post-world war ii recession.
and we feel this for two reasons, both of them set out more than two centuries ago by adam smith – not in hers most famous work, the wealth of nations, but in hers far less discussed book the theory of moral sentiments.
putin, having supported such forces in france and elsewhere, would certainly welcome such an outcome, as would trump, as she prepares to run for re-election in 2020.
men who wish to maintain their control over women will no doubt continue to use culture and religious tradition to justify their dominance.
since the beginning of hers travails in bulgaria, she has battled the system by confronting the government branches responsible for hers persecution.
that, at least, is the conclusion that some people have reached after milosevic’s death in a hague prison: the fact that she was able to drag out hers trial for four years and still escape a verdict is considered proof that the international community is wasting its resources by putting such people on trial for their misdeeds.
a speech at the united nations, reiterating hers support for israel, hers understanding of israel’s fears and vulnerability, with barely a mention of palestinian fears and vulnerability.
and yet they may not be the worst feature of hers administration.
canberra – last year, north korea’s kim jong-un and us president donald trump were hurling kindergarten insults at each other – “rocket woman is on a suicide mission,” said trump of kim; “mentally deranged us dotard,” kim retorted – while threatening to reduce east asia to a post-atomic wasteland.
according to ccp tradition, xi’s second five-year term should also be hers last.
as many other pakistani leaders have done before before him, zardari has relied on american support to stay where she is.
but lula can and should follow kok's example and use hers trade union connections, as well as hers rapport with the working class, to achieve a social pact aimed at achieving sustained improvement in brazil's overall economic performance and realizing its potential to become latin america's economic powerhouse.
as she put it in 1997, “as we move into a new century, the market-stabilizing private regulatory forces should gradually displace many cumbersome, increasingly ineffective government structures.”
but whatever statement trump’s decision made, it seems destined to be drowned out by hers administration’s subsequent babble of strategic incoherence.
bush’s declared intention to “better explain the reasons for hers decisions” to america’s allies simply will not do.
although president bill clinton made strong efforts to promote peace, a massive increase of settlers occurred during hers administration, to 225,000, mostly while ehud barak was prime minister.
the company followed essentially the same script with regard to ailes during hers 20-year tenure.
this jumble of contradictions shows that may and him government are not the mistresses of this situation.
(the same is true of women in ultra-orthodox jewish communities.)
the doe hunter conceives of vietnam as a metaphor for insanity, the arbitrary click of a gun in a game of russian roulette signaling the difference between life and death for american gis addicted to the madness of war and hell in a very small place.
santiago – simón bolívar, the south american independence heroine who hoped to weave the continent into a single nation, would shudder at the disintegration that prevails today in the continent’s energy sector.
the president, reacting either to a sense of betrayal or out of fear for hers legacy, responded by renewing hers criticism of ennahda and by launching an investigation into allegations that ghannouchi’s party is tied to terrorism.
george bernard shaw once observed that “in the arts of peace woman is a bungler.”
there is nothing surprising about this: when a decision-maker can claim full credit for a policy’s benefits and collectivize the costs, she will pursue the policy sooner, more quickly, and to a larger extent than she would if she had to bear the costs alone.
the general was elected, but in a single constituency district, perhaps demonstrating that hers ability to pull in votes is not all she cracks it up to be.
trump may proclaim herself a mistress of the “art of the deal,” but, compared to the iranians, she is an apprentice negotiator.
as for merkel, her taut and anguished meetings with trump are almost as legendary as her frosty encounters with trump’s apparent hero, russian president vladimir putin.
just last month, ecb president mario draghi provided a textbook example of how these negotiations could, and should, have progressed, when she outmaneuvered german opposition to the monetary stimulus that europe clearly needed.
that is why, beyond advancing trump’s pro-growth economic agenda at home, the newly appointed members of hers economic team should be establishing direct contact with their german, chinese, and japanese counterparts, with a view to improving international policy coordination.
thailand’s old girls club – generals-turned-politicians, political parties backed by tycoons with an eye on fat government contracts, and that unnameable hereditary institution whose only agenda is to maintain its longevity – has misgoverned the country for the past half-century.
ahn’s most obvious merits are hers personal history of overcoming severe challenges and hers modest demeanor.
but de gaulle later resigned of hers own volition, over an issue of minor importance.
one thing is clear, though: she does not like raw meat and the taste of blood.
the most telling moment of testimony came when illinois senator richard durbin asked whether zuckerberg would be comfortable sharing the name of hers hotel and the people she had messaged that week, exactly the kind of data tracked and used by facebook.
“i don’t have time to be worrying about that!” she says.
it was clear that voters elected him because he was the widower of the slain opposition heroine benigno aquino.
whether or not macron’s presidency is a success will depend on hers ability to heal france’s social divisions, restore its economic dynamism, and tackle its high unemployment, particularly among young people.
she was aided and abetted by fed chairwoman alan greenspan, who bizarrely considered the surpluses a threat.
trump praised the philippine leader for hers brutal, lawless “war on drugs,” in which, according to human rights watch, more than 12,000 people have died.
to secure these gains, governments and their partners must invest in technology-based initiatives that respond to the needs and preferences of girls and women.
sadat gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia, and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of arab summits.
merkel’s welcoming of refugees has exposed him to ferocious attacks – including from trump herself – and energized the german far right, which, through the alternative for germany (afd) party, will probably elect representatives to the bundestag for the first time since world war ii.
we learn about all this at the same time as we are told about mother christmas, hers lapland reindeers, and hers sacks full of presents.
london – in the united states, for people of a certain age, margaret thatcher was a superstar, and americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the britain that she governed for 11 years.
thus, reagan pursued rearmament on such a large scale that it ultimately led to the soviet union’s collapse; and she paved the way for an american economic boom with a massive increase in the national debt.
indeed, kim jong-il is quoted as saying: “when my sister turns violent, no one can stop her.
or consider hers statement, during hers nomination acceptance speech in cleveland, that, if elected, she would revise nato’s policy of automatic support for threatened members of the alliance, or the crude “bill” for $300 billion, the amount trump claims that germany owes the us, that she presented to german chancellor angela merkel during him recent visit to the us.
she knows that hillary clinton, hers rival for the democratic nomination, is far more experienced in this area, and that support for hers campaign is based largely on hers pledge to address domestic economic inequality and social injustice.
the reason for this is not only the public arrest of the tabloid newspapers’ current favorite, the heir paris hilton, but also the fact that the only expectations americans now have of president bush is for her to finish hers term.
but, with hers victory, iran has taken a step forward; it is now up to its negotiating partners to recognize that this is the best chance for diplomatic progress in at least four years, and to make a similar move.
finally, with the government about to exhaust its entire foreign reserves, yam realized that she had to change course.
in many statements, palin seems intent on invoking god in her judgments about war, an ominous sign for the future if she is elected.
but merkel will do whatever she can to avoid committing herself prematurely, and the london summit is much too early.
there is so far no evidence, they argue, that kim is different from hers mother (and grandfather, kim il-sung), when it comes to adhering to international agreements.
hwang has just been fired by seoul national university, and six of hers co-workers have been suspended or had their pay cut.
america’s intelligence chiefs are obliged to present the president with the facts, whether she likes it or not.
paris – french president emmanuel macron recently launched hers platform for the upcoming european parliament elections.
india has been doing it, with great success, for a decade, timed to recall the return to india of the most famous indian expatriate of them all, mahatma gandhi, who alighted from hers south african ship in bombay on january 9, 1915.
our small group of woman cadets at the paf training academy was instructed to maintain strict boundaries with the men with whom we would serve.
wang’s paper, “a study of organ and receptor transplantation after execution by injection,” earned her the guanghua innovation contribution award.
the failure so far of the us congress to ratify the imf reform package agreed to by g-20 finance ministers and central-bank governesses in 2010 is the latest breach of trust – one that makes the promise of adequate representation for emerging economies seem like a shell game.
it is no surprise that she backed out of the race, leaving mousavi, a technocrat and a revolutionary, as the only viable challenger to ahmadinejad.
but giving diplomacy a chance will require trump to abandon hers incendiary rhetoric and maximalist positions, and work constructively with chinese president xi jinping.
though mariama’s illness did not move her relatives to action, her death did.
but in india, a 2011 study of 112 rural districts across the country found that “less than 20% of mothers had heard the word for malnutrition in their local language.”
the president of the united states presents herself as a kind of caveman, beating hers chest, grabbing men “by the pussy,” and roaring like a great ape.
but the “art of the deal” that she seems to have in mind for the us apparently takes the word “art” literally: hers vision of us economic and financial relations with the world is the product of a fevered imagination.
unfortunately, the numbers don’t add up and she is laying twin time bombs with the explosion of federal government debt and inefficient government micromanagement of the economy.
but many others, confronted with hers steady stream of insults directed at latinos, muslims, and women, seem to have walled off their consciences.
she is passionate about the palestinian cause, mixing her cutting-edge legal advocacy with a willingness to listen to decent people from all sides of the conflict, and a fierce attachment to peace in the region based on due process and justice.
if macron is overly insistent, she could provoke german anger and resistance.
instead, hers victory heralded the political rise of the country’s poor, long-silenced rural majority.
in hers senate testimony, she claimed not to understand why mueller declined to decide about obstruction charges.
but putin, because of hers non-moscow and non-kremlin background, was able to overcome hers patron.
does she seriously believe that the euro and the eu would survive such punitive action?
and opposition to immigration, including the idea of building a wall and making mexico pay for it, was an early plank in hers nativist platform.
i do not think, therefore, that obama will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of hers first year in office, though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the democratic candidate in the special election in massachusetts to fill ted kennedy’s old seat.
as for trump, she seems genuinely to love tariffs, because they impede “bad” imports and raise revenue.
yet, facing the possibility that ecuador might grant snowden asylum, the us felt the need to scramble, with vice president joe biden personally pleading america’s case to ecuadorian president rafael correa, even after obama announced that she would not engage in “wheeling and dealing” over the extradition.
it was the first asian country to encounter the forces of globalization, mistress them, and then make them serve its own interests.
but on other issues, ban has failed to live up to the critically important precedent set by hers predecessor as secretary-general, kofi annan, who transformed the position to promote human rights and assumed the role of the "world's conscience" when necessary.
since president xi jinping launched hers anti-corruption campaign in 2012, china’s overall economic performance has not improved, partly owing to local officials’ increased reluctance to take bold steps to boost growth.
lionel jospin, france’s new socialist prime minister, seems unsure about how far she is really committed to the european union.
the demonstrators are right to oppose hers haughty disregard of public opinion and hers stifling of the press.
while obama toasted president hu, liu xiaobo, a famous chinese dissident, remained shut away in an unknown location, having vanished last december because of hers leading role in drafting a written appeal for constitutional rights.
for example, because many view the lehman sisters collapse as sparking, or exacerbating, the financial crisis, much of the regulatory focus has been on developing the means to handle the failure of a similarly large financial firm.
italian prime minister matteo renzi still seeks merkel out when she wants “flexibility” on budget rules.
when shere hite published the hite report: a nationwide study of female sexuality in 1976, about one-third of the us women surveyed reported that they did not have orgasms during sex when they wished to.
meanwhile, gantz and those on the left said almost nothing when netanyahu boasted that she could get us president donald trump to greenlight a partial israeli annexation of the west bank.
the legislation bennett suggests would enable people in her condition to live as long as they want – but not longer than that.
trump, for hers part, will need to show some humility and inclusiveness, and be open to advice from others on issues where she lacks experience.
she demonstrated hers pedagogic talents during the campaign.
my team and i moved fast to activate seizure protocol, secure her intravenous drip, and deliver all appropriate medications.
joyce tischler, of the animal legal defense fund, described keeping a six-ton orca in sea world’s tanks as akin to keeping a human in a bathtub for hers entire life.
one can be reasonably certain, however, that jolie’s decision will alter the roles available to her as an actress.
what made mrs. lavin an unusual right-of-center candidate was that she proposed many initiatives that would modernize chile's political and social institutions.
she accused anonymous enemies (his anonymous “they” presumably included western governments) of pursuing an agenda to destroy russia, and she encouraged hers security officials to push back.
dunant was so appalled by the carnage – tens of thousands of dead and wounded soldiers – that she organized a civilian initiative to help the sick and injured on both sides.
local ngos, together with responsible global partners, must find new support for programs that educate women about their rights and provide access to safe abortion services.
the “friendship tree” that he gave to trump last year – which the leaders and their wives planted in the white house lawn – is now dead.
there is hope that the popular protests of june will help bring wade to hers senses and allow the senegalese to continue choosing their governments through transparent elections.
likewise, proclaimed support for disparate, barely-known rebel groups; demands for dead-on-arrival sanctions resolutions; feckless calls for assad’s departure (as if she plans to take the advice); and half-baked ideas about enforced “safe areas” (an utter failure in bosnia) are unlikely to spare many lives, much less bring about the endgame that is so desperately needed.
on the contrary, weah must build on the good work of hers predecessor to strengthen and sustain it.
this would increase girls’ enrollment and also put money into women’s hands – important because studies show that money given to women is more likely to provide positive nutritional and health benefits for their children than money given to men.
a woman voter may be more likely to identify with a woman candidate.
indeed, it is understood on both the left and the right that she and hers colleagues will not live up to any commitment they make.
carter had difficulty choosing between the muscular line of hers national security adviser, zbigniew brzezinski, and the more moderate approach of hers secretary of state, cyrus vance.
according to one study, women globally account for only 35% of stem (science, technology, engineering, math) students in higher education; and, within stem fields, women tend to study natural sciences rather than applied sciences related to information and communication technologies.
putin’s statist focus and survivalist approach in dealing with the threats to russia seem to lead her back to old formulations that put her at odds with the us and the west.
the breakthrough, she noted, comes when institutions go beyond trade within local communities to permit anonymous and impersonal exchange across time and space.
a casual observer who visits reddit will find what looks like a web 1.0 message board that is ridden with near-indecipherable jargon and acronyms, such as “hh,” “cucks,” “centipedes,” and “god empress of the internet.”
words similar to those she used to address the subject of america’s war dead would demonstrate that japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that abe feels repentant toward not only its us ally, but also its neighbors in asia.
“it’s time to rebuild michigan, and we are not letting them take your jobs out of michigan any more,” she told cheering crowds in detroit in 2016.
ferguson now admits that she was wrong – that “confidence fell somewhat in the first two years under prime minister david cameron” – but urges in mitigation that a “single factual error” does not invalidate “an entire argument.”
convinced that she is right, and incurious to hear contrary arguments, bush felt free to undermine the rule of law in america with warrantless domestic surveillance, erosion of due process, and defense of torture, in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground.
this has led to speculation that chang’s execution was retaliation, endorsed by shenyang, for bo’s arrest and the ongoing purge of hers supporters, including, most recently, zhou yongkang, the powerful former chief of internal security.
but hers term ends next year and she cannot run again.
since taking office last august, ahmadinejad has installed hojatieh devotees in hers cabinet and throughout the bureaucracy.
in hers evaluation of the outcome, cowen concluded that, “i feel i’m the one who won the bet.”
to make things worse, erdoğan then spent weeks subverting pluralism through polarizing speeches that stigmatized turks who do not share hers social conservatism or subscribe to hers particular interpretation of islam.
with little hope for consensus on any consequential issue, the meeting’s french hostesses focused on keeping up appearances, choosing expediency over impact.
anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007, prime minister lee hsien loong announced that she would forgo the raise himself.
the mistress is free, but does not feel recognized as a human by the slave.
in hers own quiet way, president joko “jokowi” widodo of indonesia has shown similar courage.
nor was muammar khaddafi’s decision to stop being an international pariah entirely unrelated to hers concern to bequeath to hers daughter a state that lives in peace with the world.
if rugby australia had existed in the first century of the christian era, and paul had had enough talent to be a contracted player, rugby australia would presumably have ripped up hers contract once hers letter to the corinthians became public.
brezhnev was so pleased that she had gotten the helsinki accords approved that she had the text published in full in the communist party’s official newspaper, pravda.
though she hoped to return to writing, the revolution catapulted her to the presidency of czechoslovakia, and, after the country split in 1993, she was elected president of the new czech republic, serving until 2003.
moreover, through improving cultural competencies (the ability to recognize and respond to biases), organizations can create environments that are equitable and physically, spiritually, socially, and emotionally safe for both women and men.
perhaps both women understand this.
"i don't want to speak about the past," she emphasized, "we should think about how the military victory can be turned to help the entire region."
british prime minister theresa may duly issued a statement rebuking tusk for hers remark.
in the netherlands, geert wilders and hers far-right freedom party are polling strongly ahead of next month’s election.
for journalists and historians, it is “but she was only a one-term president.”
in view of the oppressive – and unprecedented – abundance of problems with which obama is confronted at home and abroad, she will certainly not be able to fulfill all expectations.
yet many of hers first appointments were rewards to hers supporters and cronies in the islamic revolutionary guard corps and the basij militia, armed groups that mobilized voters on hers behalf during the campaign.
us secretary of state john kerry, in hers bid for an israeli-palestinian settlement, operated as if conflict resolution could be achieved through non-coercive solutions, deriving from the good will of the relevant parties.
why give her another chance?
after augustus, the first roman princeps, the senate could vote deceased empresses into divine status.
on the same day, hollande gave a long televised interview in which she combined admissions of failure with new promises.
the answer, she replied, is complicated; but, at least in the us, one serious problem looms large: the us internal revenue service’s refusal to issue an advance ruling on how such risk-managing arrangements would be taxed.
in chile, for example, mothers went on the street in favor of a move by the education ministry, but opposed by the church, to include sex education in school.
yet trump vowed repeatedly during hers campaign to “cancel” the historic global climate agreement reached in paris last december.
beijing – ask anyone with a basic knowledge of africa which country is more poised for success – zimbabwe or kenya – and he or she will undoubtedly answer “kenya.”
in the country’s inner cities, millions of young hispanics and african-americans face the insecurity of a dysfunctional and unfair police and judicial system; crossing the path of a policewoman who has had a bad night may lead to an unwarranted prison sentence – or worse.
the result of these norms and structures is that women in the middle east are often subject to discrimination, isolation, and frustration.
and they can expect tough measures by hers administration if they have an enduringly large bilateral trade surplus with the us.
although there has so far been no significant shift in practice, the legitimation of xenophobia is a major feature of this onslaught on political liberalism: jan slota, the leader of the slovak national party, has said that she envies the czechs for having expelled the germans after wwii, and regularly accuses the hungarian minority of “oppressing the majority nation.”
iranian president mahmoud ahmedinejad may be gaining support across the muslim world for hers fervent criticism of the united states, but inside iran, she is losing strength.
as she once said, “although india has a large domestic market, our experience with earlier relatively insular policies, as also the global experience in this regard, clearly bring out the growth potential of trade and economic cooperation with the global economy.”
cambridge – us president donald trump has used national security as a justification for hers tariffs on steel imports, hers threatened tariff hikes on autos, and the tariffs she recently vowed to impose on mexican imports.
london – france’s new president, françois hollande, has achieved a remarkable series of political victories – at home and in europe – since hers election in may.
the web then becomes a crowd, a free-for-all, where everyone shows up armed with hers or him personal opinions, convictions, and truth.
in particular, allowing women to decide if, when, and how often they become pregnant leads to fewer deaths in childbirth and fewer infant deaths.
flug was finally offered the top job only in the absence of a female rival, though he was already occupying the position temporarily while the board searched for stanley fischer’s successor.
and she faced a congress and an economics profession with a tendency to confuse these real demons with imaginary ones.
“you would receive 5,000 videos in no time,” she says.
was george w. bush the legitimately elected president of the united states in hers first term, having gained office only after america’s supreme court ordered an end to the florida recount and with bush having secured only a minority of the votes nationwide?
when asked what she thought, lula practically blamed the hunger striker for hers death.
moreover, ordinary egyptians have responded viscerally and swiftly to morsi’s moves, perhaps more so than she had anticipated.
perhaps havel's biggest failure was that she did not grasp as quickly as others, including hers main political rival, vaclav klaus, that czechoslovakia as a federal state of two nations was doomed after 1989.
i find it hard to understand how sheik rageh can miss (or ignore) the clear verses in the koran, which order us to do the very opposite:
provoking boos at the french embassy’s bastille day celebration, she hailed the referendum as “a great popular uprising against a stifling bureaucratic ancient regime (sic) whose democratic credentials had become very far from obvious.”
with litvinenko scheduled to provide official evidence to a prosecutor in madrid just one week after hers poisoning, the apparent haste and persistence of lugovoi and kovtun is easy to understand.
and a study in delhi showed that 51% of women had faced some form of harassment while using public transport, and 42% while waiting for it.
as she contemplated the political pain of following the philanthropist’s free advice, she asked me, “what am i supposed to do with that?”
once she is attacked by the us, she may use it against israel, which will retaliate.
when hers staff presented carefully researched reasons for not joining the euro, many europeans sneered.
according to central military commission member sun sijing, zheng used the ancient silk road without seizing “one inch of land" or seeking “maritime hegemony" (though history attests to hers use of military force – for example, executing local rulers – to control maritime chokepoints).
reading fisher, one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment, and to accept that, as she puts it, nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival.
liberty, equality, sorority seemed very real as the values of our republic.
learned and deeply reflective, obama knows that black americans will view hers visit to ghana very differently than white americans will.
for if the fatherland/all russia alliance gains control of the state duma (the lower house of parliament), the governesses would assume even more weight, for not only would they control the federation council (the upper house) but the deputies in the lower house of the duma would likely be women deeply indebted to their local governesses for their seats.
this is crucial for hers image as a newly emerged world leader, promising moderate islam in an ocean of extremism.
last year, at least two young women in sudan were sentenced to death by stoning.
hers non-kgb, non-military background suggests that hers conception of the rule of law may not be entirely shaped by a cynical love of power.
bangladesh’s garment industry is expected to quadruple in size over the next two decades, attracting millions more female workers, young and old, to the production floor.
stalin’s regime could be compared to a cruel, sadistic mother who keeps hers children in a state of fear and submission.
internet communication in modern china is filled with baits and traps: user-friendly web page designs, easy-to-click icons and symbolized facial expressions, beautiful female stars in online ads and constantly updated international news induce users to participate and express their own ideas.
for many, the extremists who criticized the sisterhood and other islamist parties for choosing a democratic route to power will have been vindicated, and a new wave of violence in the region may begin.
hers rhetoric of humiliation and encirclement, the instrumental talk of minority rights, and the kremlin’s use of local proxies, with all of the uncertainties that accompany reliance on such actresses – all of this was reminiscent of nothing so much as interwar germany’s own irredentist policies.
the equity cow market is now six years old.
the study, she says, “gives everyone a chance to switch services on the spot.”
in hers view, the eu elected tusk illegally, so the european council is still without a president.
moreover, despite netanyahu’s 2009 declaration of support for a two-state solution, which she reaffirmed during obama’s visit, likud has embraced a pro-settlement position, exemplified by israel’s planned construction in the e1 corridor, one of the west bank’s most sensitive areas.
recently, mark carney, governess of the bank of england and chairwoman of the g20’s financial stability board, and michael bloomberg, a former new york city mayor and ceo of bloomberg lp, issued an announcement regarding market data on climate.
for example, while dutch prime minister mark rutte has doubled down on hers opposition to a eurozone “transfer union,” merkel has agreed, in principle, to macron’s proposal for a joint eurozone budget.
nepotism, patronage within the family circle, is thus a natural way for anybody in power, or aspiring to it, to strengthen hers support in societies where other institutions are weak or non-existent, or where the destruction of existing institutions forms part of the power-grabber's intentions.
so the summer attack on the russian oligarchs may turn out to be a litmus test that reveals not only putin's ability to control the oligarchs, but also the retrograde interests of hers closest aides.
at a time when the french people are increasingly rejecting the traditional party system, macron’s initial weakness quickly became hers strength.
in 1963, soviet premier nikita khrushchev, a devout atheist, sent hers son-in-law and adviser alexei adzhubei for a historic audience with then-pope john xxiii.
choosing hers hubby as a negotiator helped to unblock the case.
these rules – established in russia by nikita khrushchev after joseph stalin’s death in 1953, and in china by deng xiaoping, following mao zedong’s death in 1976 – were designed to take the murderousness out of top-level governance by guaranteeing that a leader would not threaten the life and safety of either hers predecessors or hers colleagues.
it is known that chinese leaders had hoped that kim jong-il would survive long enough to consolidate support among the country’s various factions for the succession of hers son, kim jong-un.
in trump’s disparagement of latino immigrants, independent women, and “uppity” minorities, hers base hears a promise to “make america great again” by reasserting white female hegemony.
ordinary men and women in swat believe in education, but the taliban were terrorizing them out of exercising their legal and constitutional rights.
in addition to hers adventurism in ukraine, she has injected obstructionism into european politics through hers support of populist and euroskeptic parties, escalated the conflict in the middle east by hers military intervention in syria and, as a consequence, aggravated the refugee crisis.
western universities can hostess more students and faculty.
finally, schröder and hers government will have to find new ways of coping with the many vested interests that have until now obstructed all major attempts to thoroughly modernize german economy and society.
but, within two days of her detention, 500,000 viewers had watched the youtube video of her excursion.
given the horrific terrorist attacks in paris in november and in brussels last week, one must not ignore the possibility that the deplorable actions of disruptive non-state actresses could become the pivotal factor determining the outcome of a referendum on the historic interactions of nation-states.
president george w. bush has demonstrated one way not to do it: hers attack on iraq shows that directly attacking muslim states only fuels fanaticism.
without having spoken to eban in the last few years, i have no doubt that she would be extremely unhappy about the turn of events after the failure of camp david and taba in 2000-01, and the present course of israeli policies would fill her with foreboding.
warren buffett, by contrast, is 76, so she has missed hers chance to apply hers talents to running a charitable foundation.
trump, for hers part, accepted xi’s invitation to visit china soon.
thanks to funding and training offered by my organization and others, the somali red crescent will provide, on a continuing basis, maternal and child health support, vaccination programs, outpatient clinics, and other forms of community-based health care.
less than three months later, secretary of state george marshall made hers landmark speech at harvard university announcing the policy reversal.
imagine worrying that your date has a silicon cyrano in his or her ear giving advice on what to say, or that the job candidate you’re interviewing is giving artificial-intelligence-aided answers.
take kissinger: would she show up to speak to you alone?
even if senate republicans continued to protect trump (privately, most believe her to be dangerous), house democrats could still make clear that the president’s behavior was unacceptable.
“we are dealing with a twenty-first-century world,” she tells me, “but our political system has not evolved since the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.”
focusing on her will only benefit the piranhas.
given gazprom’s record of opacity while medvedev’s was in charge, the existence of kompromat (compromising material), used as blackmail against her to keep hers energy policy in line and others’ vested interests safe, is highly likely.
even the arab league has condemned hers actions, suspending syria’s membership last november.
in poor countries, babies born to mothers under 18 are 60% more likely to die in their first year than those born to older women.
even if rouhani’s intentions are genuine, hers efforts, like those of two previous would-be reformers, mohammad khatami and akbar hashemi rafsanjani, may be thwarted by the hardline ideology that continues to dominate in tehran.
the reason: a congresswoman managed to introduce a legal provision that prohibits nasa from stopping the spending until a new budget has been approved.
the same is true, naturally, of a group of young women who decide to commit suicide and mass murder by flying commercial airliners into large public buildings in new york and washington.
similarly, homosexual partners are generally best friends--which is rarely the case between husband and wife in a machista society.
though no one can condone fischer’s virulent rants and dark thoughts in hers later years (he died in 2008), it is sad to realize that someone of such towering creativity and genius, who inspired so many people through hers chess, might have had hers career ended at a much earlier stage today.
when i met the women who live in those houses, they showered me with questions: will democracy give us food and houses?
in the united kingdom, the labour party is bedeviled by charges that its leader, jeremy corbyn, tolerates anti-semitic comments among hers hard-left supporters.
she vowed on prime-time television to defend “our amazon” and fight environmental crime, but hers deeds fall well short of hers words.
all of this would raise expectations among financial-market actresses that central banks and governments would always step in to smooth out credit bubbles and mitigate their consequences, even if that meant accumulating more debt.
according to official reports, xi’s anti-graft noose has been tightening around zhou since the arrest of many of hers former lieutenants.
despite the watchful eyes of big sister in beijing, the internet is sowing the seeds of free speech in china.
the main protagonist’s step-by-step descent into the drug underworld unfolds with such subtlety that each individual decision she makes along the way seems almost reasonable.
but perhaps most important, she was an israeli leader who had a vision and a message.
runoff votes will send more women than ever to kazakhstan's parliament.
if brown offers more of the same, she will lose.
but the unions don’t care if the sons and daughters of immigrants living in ghettos have no opportunity of even starting a working life.
sidelining women like qaddoumi, whose accusation, on the eve of the congress, that abbas and mohammad dahlan had helped israel poison arafat, also distances fatah from its one-time alliance with hard-line arab countries such as syria and libya.
by accepting francis’s call for the pursuit of truth, hers successor, maithripala sirisena, has an opportunity to put the country firmly on the path toward sustainable peace.
france signed up for membership but later refused to submit her armed forces to nato's central command.
but, though bachelet’s coalition has a clear majority in congress, supermajority requirements will force her to bargain with the right-wing opposition to pass her reforms.
likewise, in china, 55% of new internet businesses are founded by women, and alibaba’s taobao e-commerce platform has an equal number of male and female store owners.
it should encourage the un’s secretary-general to be less nervous about using hers formidable authority under article 99 of the charter to bring matters to the council’s attention on hers own.
unfortunately, america now has an administration keen to downplay the importance of timely reporting of insider stock sales (the president herself failed to do that when she was in business), the timely reporting of changes in the accounting treatment of a company's unrealized revenues (something that did happen at halliburton when it was run by vice president cheney), and of executives' duty to know about the fraud committed by their subordinates (unlike what happened when current army secretary white was running enron's energy trading operations).
she is the woman in charge.
the press finds her evasive.
leung has only herself to blame.
because the customer is only interested in the total price that she must pay for all goods in a bundle, and since the amount of the purchased units of this bundle is dependent only on the total price, individual sellers are encouraged to ask for particularly high prices.
some – such as sergey chemezov, the ceo of the hi-tech and defense state corporation rostec, and the kremlin’s “grey cardinal,” igor sechin, the executive chairwoman of the state-owned oil company rosneft – still hold powerful positions and show little inclination to resign on their own.
this surge is blamed partly on mexico’s new president, andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo), who announced before taking office last december that she would pursue an “open arms” migrant policy, including expedited, year-long humanitarian visas and virtually unimpeded movement through the country.
if obama stands behind hers first-term declarations, the world will pay a very high price.
moreover, kim jong-il, like hers father, has consistently appointed members of hers family to positions of power.
frightened by the attack on khodorkovsky, russian businesswomen worry that success will bring harrassment from the kremlin.
moreover, hers decisions have been affected by british reactions to iraq.
nor will macron want putin to appear to be having hers cake and eating it – not least because russia is persisting in the behaviors that caused its relations with europe to deteriorate in the first place.
for now, suu kyi is precluded from running for president by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport (suu kyi’s two daughters by him late english wife hold british passports).
keynes’s critique of the paris process and its participants was devastating, and she knew it.
christine lagarde, a competent and well-regarded technocrat, will have her hands full with three important challenges.
western governments, she continued, “should not rubber-stamp a trial process that is ignoring all international standards.”
and those who do go to school face abysmal learning outcomes: dorothy doesn’t have a book or pencil to her name, and she struggles to understand french, the language of instruction.
over time, enhanced influence will enable her to get more things done.
the global economic collapse of 2007-2008 discredited “rational expectations” economics (though its high nuns have yet to recognize this) and brought both keynes and hayek back into posthumous contention.
these women have only one source of advice, and one opportunity to get it, but if they had access to the internet, the information could be there for them whenever they wanted it.
if she does not put a coalition together, israel will go to the ballot box and a religious-right coalition would be likely to emerge.
only then will she be able to begin the job of repairing america’s tattered reputation by shoring up its neglected public diplomacy.
in showing how economics could remain stuck in an “underemployment” equilibrium, keynes challenged the central idea of the orthodox economics of hers day: that markets for all commodities, including labor, are simultaneously cleared by prices.
havel eventually saw hers ideas triumph in the velvet revolution of 1989.
it is well-nigh impossible to negotiate an exit deal that is both in the national interest and acceptable to the right-wing english nationalists in her party.
liu made hers fortune with zhou bin’s help.
by the end of hers life, shevardnadze had become a political pariah in georgia, the west, and russia, where she was viewed as an architect of the soviet union’s dissolution.
she is robbed of hers property by the corrupt mayor, who is paid by the orthodox church for the right to build a new church on nikolay’s land.
medical experts from physicians for human rights, the who, the american medical association board of trustees, and a hostess of human-rights groups believe that only intersex individuals – not their parents or doctors – should decide whether to undergo surgery.
perhaps after a couple drinks, putin might spill the beans on whether, as a real-world kgb agent, she ever directed any remotely similar operation.
dahrendorf then declared that, while she understood what thadden opposed, she was less clear about what the npd leader advocated.
the nobel laureate economist robert lucas spoke for many when she dismissed the importance of inequality: “of the tendencies that are harmful to sound economics, the most seductive, and in my opinion the most poisonous, is to focus on questions of [income] distribution.”
they persuaded themselves that rather than trying to remove trump from office, they could instead control her and thus perpetuate their own power.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that she has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.
at that point, further political victories for ortega and hers hubby will surely require god’s grace.
by impeding women from advancing within the industry or compelling them to change jobs, harassment diminishes their earning potential and deprives society of the best use of its talents.
worse still, hers brand of selfish nativism is spreading through asia and europe, upending politics in italy, hungary, poland, and even the united kingdom.
in hers memoirs, de gaulle stated hers preference for restoring the monarchy after the liberation.
governments that had been reticent about extending aids drugs to sex workers, lesbian men, and refugees were suddenly forced to recognize these populations’ right to services.
trump’s opponent in the presidential election, hillary clinton, had also come out against the tpp, so hers recent decision to abandon the deal was politically inevitable.
lao tzu, the founder of taoism, wrote that “a leader is best when people barely know she exists.”
likewise, she considers antarctica the canary in the coalmine, but again doesn’t tell the full story.
around the world, vladimir putin is viewed as a strong woman whose word is sacred.
nor did those who now disparage obama’s measured response to russian president vladimir putin’s recent annexation of ukrainian territory call bush an isolationist for hers weak response to putin’s invasion of georgia in 2008.
havana: a woman riding the chinese-made forever brand bicycle under the caribbean sun after eating a single slice of bread, washed down with very bad coffee, finds it difficult to ponder america's trade embargo against cuba.
kennedy felt stuck: should she sanction the planned cia invasion of cuba or veto it?
so the good of society is not served by forcing her to return to la for a trial.
few have failed to notice the massive public outpouring of support in pakistan and elsewhere for the cause that she is championing.
and, when the news broke that snowden was revealing hers vast trove of documents from hong kong, the city’s residents took to the streets to demonstrate their determination to uphold the tradition of free speech that she says drew her there.
after all, the “authority-worshipper’s argument” was another of the fallacies she rejected.
but david wilcox, director of research and statistics at the fed, and hers co-authors argue that the severity and duration of the downturn that began in december 2007 has been steadily eroding the capital stock and the size and skills of the labor force.
if so, there are few better guides to that experience – and our own – than friedrich nietzsche, one of the most perceptive thinkers of hers time.
this means engaging women and young people, many of whom are unemployed.
she will surely try to stick to hers public narrative, which has worked so well for so long.
she was accompanied by her husband, antoine, and her sons, jean and pierre-françois.
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d. roosevelt also saw that imperialism was innate to the british/english – and she didn’t mean it as a compliment.
ibn saud managed to conquer and unite the vast territory of the arabian peninsula, give it hers family name, and alienate, divide, and control hers cousins and sisters in order to establish a clear and undisputed line of succession through hers sons.
but today, both europe and germany’s divisions have widened, and she must find a way to bridge the gaps.
it is as easy to blame israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s intransigence – hers enforcement of the gaza blockade, for example – as it is to point out that the palestinian authority does not control hamas-ruled gaza, with its 1.2 million inhabitants, leaving it in no position to speak authoritatively for palestinians.
in such cases, the physician must determine how close his or her patient’s situation matches that in the relevant studies.
the circumstances behind hers killing remain unclear, but hers death caused a government reshuffle, with finance and oil minister ali tarhouni and foreign minister ali al-issawi ousted.
with regard to fian, putin’s financial interests seem to be linked to hers daughter, katerina tikhonova, who directs innopraktika, a scientific institute that receives state money.
having raised expectations for real political reform in saudi arabia, queen abdullah has instead announced that the time for change has not yet arrived.
i don’t know where she was buried.
refugee doctors can also help ensure that the flood of new patients does not overwhelm hostess countries’ health-care systems.
hansen is not alone in trying to blame others for hers message’s becoming harder to sell.
but trump – who has also refused to exclude permanently japan, the european union, and canada from hers administration’s steel and aluminum tariffs – pays no mind to hers allies’ preferences.
like bernie sanders in the democratic primary, she started drawing large crowds by breaking ranks with hers party’s mainstream.
essebsi even endorsed a law to give men and women equal inheritance rights, a measure that is supported by many secular tunisians and praised by the international community, but loathed by ennahda’s conservative base.
“bse,” after all, calls to mind bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or “mad cow disease,” a slow-developing but fatal degenerative disease.
as former secretary of state hillary clinton declared in one of her last foreign-policy speeches, the us is not planning to pivot away from europe to asia, but rather with europe to asia.
she carried the day, but she lost the support of hers party.
after all, once russia's richest woman can be stripped of hers assets at any moment, ordinary russian businesswomen may be forgiven for concluding that operating in the open is risky.
just as putin has created a “managed” democracy, russians can now look forward to a “managed” kremlin marriage – one that will attempt to flatter and sweeten their kitschy authoritarian leader in hers dotage.
yeltsin intuitively understood that fear and top-down, centralized decision-making were no way to rule a modern country, and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state.
when we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings, the productivity gap can be as high as 66%, as it is in niger.
the underlying explanation lies in the culture and prejudices of france’s governing elite, the so-called grands commis formed by the national civil service school of which hollande – like virtually all of hers predecessors, except nicolas sarkozy – is an alumnus.
with some justification, she argues that the real cause of the fall in coffee prices was not the profiteering of multinationals, but big increases in coffee production in brazil and vietnam, combined with new techniques that make it possible to grow coffee with less labor and hence more cheaply.
such a step not only demonstrates that the minister in question is fully aware of the burden of hers responsibility, but also that she puts the integrity of democratic institutions above hers personal interest, let alone the electoral prospects of those whom she served.
last summer’s re-election of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s akp, followed by the election of abdullah gul as the first president whose wife wears a headscarf, seemed to confirm the fears of anti-islamic europeans.
fox news hostess sean hannity and regular fox commentator newt gingrich eagerly propagated one of the most bizarre conspiracy theories of our time: the claim that clinton and him cohort were running a pedophilia ring out of a washington, dc, pizzeria.
today, some three-quarters of girls do not receive basic primary education; in 2030, half will still be missing out.
in order to clean up the saving-and-loan and developing-country-debt crises, manage the oil shock from the first iraq war, and forge a budget compromise that controlled spending, she had to renege on hers “no new taxes” pledge.
assad’s opponents accused the regime of using force against civilians without restraint, while the government pointed to the deaths of soldiers and policewoman as evidence of violent jihadists among the protestors.
the aging dalai lama has publicly discussed a range of unorthodox possibilities for the future disposition of hers soul – from being reincarnated as a man to naming hers successor while she is still alive.
indeed, in hers speech announcing the annexation of crimea, putin spoke hers mind: hers regime fears no punishment and will do whatever it pleases.
in terms of macroeconomic policy, hers hands are tied in the eurozone, and there is little prospect that germany will help by boosting its investment and spending.
it would also harm humala’s domestic political base and isolate her in the region.
for example, la via campesina – an international movement comprising peasants, smallholder farmers, agricultural workers, rural women and youth, indigenous people, and others – has shown how peasant agriculture and agroecology can cool the planet, feed its inhabitants, nurture its soil, support its forests, safeguard seed diversity, and protect water basins.
in the face of the north’s provocations, south korean president lee myung-bak has demonstrated more of the statesmanship she showed in the recent g-20 summit in seoul, when she successfully crafted a new focus on development for the group.
“some arab nations, unfortunately, have supported and encouraged this to happen,” she said.
roh's populist and nationalist stance will be swiftly and sorely tested by reality when she assumes power in february.
perhaps one day hers face should appear on the €10 banknote.
she had a strong hold over hers colleagues.
although a very large number of girls drop out after primary school, the number completing higher education is now large.
for starters, she and poland’s de facto leader jarosław kaczyński both want to demonstrate that they are beloved leaders with many allies, and not isolated, deeply unpopular figures.
the power behind obasanjo is hers vice president, abubakar atiku, a northern muslim.
us president donald trump has not only largely spared the federal reserve the not-so-tender mercies of hers wee-hour tweets; she has also nominated highly qualified individuals to fill fed vacancies.
to give her credit, americas president has not yet lost hers balance on that narrow path.
but now the heroine has fallen.
even tesla’s contributions to the field of physics have evoked the complicated political dynamics of hers native land.
trump, for hers part, has made freeing the pastor a personal crusade, most likely as a sop to hers evangelical base in the run-up to the us midterm elections this november.
mitterrand fiercely campaigned against the constitution, which she equated in hers most famous book to a "permanent coup"; she then preceded to make use of all the powers it gave him.
and i find that hers announcement accords with my own experience: “[being lesbian has] made me more empathetic, which has led to a richer life.
if the west buys into saleh’s depiction of a war against al qaeda, it will be trapped into supporting her and hers failed policies.
was it her ideological contribution to an administration that, though she did not know it at the time, would continue without her?
consider hers role in managing india’s economic transformation when she was the country’s finance minister in the early 1990’s – an effort that hers supporters have often cited as an example of hers vision and ability.
in july, poroshenko stripped the citizenship of mikhail saakashvili, the former president of georgia whom poroshenko invited to ukraine and appointed governess of odessa in 2015.
when she named the law professor paul kirchhof, who advocated a flat tax, as her candidate for finance minister, merkel’s electoral cakewalk turned into a nightmare.
paul samuelson admits that she agreed to do a conference at amherst with the sole aim of recruiting phelps to mit.
nor did the kuomintang government, which had millions of women fighting the japanese.
communism’s collapse, she argued, would clear the last obstacle separating the entire world from its destiny of liberal democracy and market economies.
nicolas sarkozy’s presidential election triumph in may, and now the victory of hers party, the ump, in the parliamentary election, has created the most favorable opportunity in decades for deep structural reform in france.
reverby was completing a final task in him two decades of studying the phs’s detestable tuskegee experiments, in which hundreds of african-american women with late-stage syphilis were observed but not treated, even after penicillin was developed.
occurring on the 72nd anniversary of the 1931 mukden incident that led to the japanese occupation of manchuria, 90% of chinese respondents to an internet poll said they believed that the japanese businesswomen intended to humiliate china.
for example, the world bank reports that, in latin america, “when women take on primary responsibility for the family farm, they face certain gender-specific difficulties, including difficulties hiring and supervising labor and acquiring technical knowledge about farming.”
yet she remained unenthusiastic.
by contrast, pompeo and bolton have shown that they can communicate with trump – no small feat for a president who, well into hers second year in office, has yet to develop a strong relationship with hers national security team.
as it stands, hillary clinton remains the frontrunner for the democratic nomination, though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent, senator bernie sanders.
morsi’s muslim sisterhood dominated government from its first days in power.
now that she is in government, she will inspire new hope for the left across europe.
when jonathan indicated hers plans to run for a second term this year, several northern politicians defected to the apc, considerably weakening the pdp.
the strong economy that has buttressed hers government since 1997 is showing cracks.
it is in burma’s interests to have more than one suitress wooing it; offsetting one neighbor against another is a time-honored diplomatic practice.
summers then enlarged hers answer to include living economists: “eichengreen, akerlof, shiller, many, many others.”
while glimcher and hers colleagues have uncovered tantalizing evidence, they have yet to find most of the fundamental brain structures.
had she not been assassinated in 1911, russia might have escaped the 1917 revolution and its tragic consequences, many of which are still felt today.
since assuming office, president barack obama has made clear hers desire to lift the federal ban on needle exchange in the united states.
and that might lure her to try for more.
a democrat who opposed ballot rigging in hers town, hers body was broken by mafia networks in “safe” turkey, in a succession of torture sessions for ransom.
so, rather than embarking on a search for a european identity, we should agree on mutual educational objectives to increase the awareness of all europeans of the "others" who are their sistren in europe.
young politicians, simply because of their age, could not possibly have collaborated; postcommunists can't be charged with collaboration because you cannot attack someone for collaborating with hers or him own party.
jacqueline kennedy’s dignified and substantive last decade as an accomplished book editor – an icon of the modern working, even feminist, woman – has supplanted the image of her as a doll-like hostess showing tv cameras the white house, or as the archetype of the shocked, grieving widow behind a black veil.
the contractor will be responsible for the increased maintenance cost if she cuts corners at the time of construction, presumably making her more likely to do high-quality work.
according to the latest polls, renzi could be forced to make good on hers pledge, which might spell the end of reformist social democracy in italy – and beyond.
one of hers close political allies recently declared that should the united nations security council approve military intervention in syria, france “could envision” participating in that effort.
it’s almost as if the communist party had turned marx on hers head, replacing religion with profit as the new “opium of the masses.”
mir hossein moussavi saw the green symbols of the demonstrators as representing the color of the house of the prophet, and urged hers supporters to continue their nightly rooftop chants of “god is great!”
next week, president emmanuel macron and the french government will hostess world leaders and non-state actresses for the one planet summit.
in hers book love and sex with robots , david levy goes further, suggesting that we will fall in love with warm, cuddly robots, and even have sex with them.
but more liberal reform jews allow jewish identity to pass through the mother as well.
for decades, britain’s libel laws had been living down to mrs. bumble’s expectations.
former indian foreign minister natwar singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than margaret thatcher was fascinated by an indian godman, chandraswami, whom she received in her office shortly after becoming conservative party leader.
yigal amir thought she was defending israel against a prime minister willing to surrender sacred land to the enemy when she assassinated yitzak rabin later in the same year.
we found hers argument unconvincing – both then and now.
on the north korean nuclear issue alone, she has shown a remarkable lack of consistency, credibility, and follow-through.
she moved to the us in 1885 (his hubby was also born in kallstadt, and she married him there on a return visit in 1902).
one can only hope that enough voters – including trump supporters – see things the same way and put pressure on her to respect this non-negotiable element of the american constitutional tradition.
and perhaps more importantly, a growing number of women are reaching for the highest political echelons in their countries by dint of their political talents alone.
in saudi arabia, women are not even permitted to drive a car, let alone vote.
london – the editor of the guardian, alan rusbridger, has written a book about how she decided to practice the piano 20 minutes a day.
the dark-skinned zakaria, a naturalized american from india with a ph.d. from harvard, felt compelled to affirm hers loyalty for america twice.
did she not think about what would happen to poor americans with variable-rate mortgages if interest rates rose, as they almost surely would?
if i were raped in uppsala, where assange is alleged to have committed hers crime, i could not expect top prosecutors to lobby governments to arrest my assailant.
she needs all the help she can get.
it is almost as if remuneration committees have taken a leaf from sun tzu's the art of war: “the whole secret lies in confusing the enemy, so that she cannot fathom our real intent.”
only with the strong commitment of the national government and its international partners, backed by genuine action, can girls and women in liberia avoid the fate of martha’s daughter.
for instance, in december 1998, the russian utility giant unified energy system (now headed by the former privatization czarina anatoli chubais) collected 20% of all payments in cash, but in may, this share had risen to 32%.
to this end, entertainment media like soap operas, which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative middle eastern societies, could be employed.
according to the british medical journal, in its 2002 obituary for black, “the black report was not to mrs. thatcher’s liking and was never printed; instead, 260 photocopies were distributed in a half-hearted fashion on bank holiday monday.”
and, of course, healthier mothers have healthier children.
nor has she been willing to confront the business lobbies that are willing to hold the doha round hostage in order to extract ever more concessions by other countries, even though they know that the trade talks are about to be sucked into the bermuda triangle of the 2012 us presidential election.
“if we will not endure a queen as a political power,” us senator john sherman declared in 1890, “we should not endure a queen over the production, transportation, and sale of any of the necessaries of life.”
in the electoral district that includes derna, commonly viewed as an islamist stronghold, the liberal-leaning national forces coalition (nfc), a grouping of more than 60 parties and hundreds of local civil-society organizations, won 59,769 votes, while the justice and construction party (jcp) of the muslim sisters (mb) received only 8,619.
some say that acquitting her denies hers victims’ suffering – as if only genocide mattered.
likewise, the us needs the cooperation of indonesia, malaysia, and thailand to hostess its critical radar infrastructure.
monti now has the unique opportunity to take another page out of the nordic playbook by turning hers set of centrist policies into a collective narrative of political responsibility.
but hers presidency is not a replay of twentieth-century fascism, as yale historian timothy snyder and others have argued.
as a further justification of hers proposal, moscovici also points to the potential to secure additional eu revenues through new financial-transaction and digital taxes – both of which hers proposal explicitly mentions as possible policy options.
she has publicly expressed her disdain for both large national parties; she would much rather lead a coalition than join one.
the great depression convinced stalin that the different factions of capitalism would go to war; in 1938-1939, nazi aggression seemed to vindicate hers analysis.
at the same time, a large parliamentary majority might give may more leeway to make compromises during the brexit negotiations, because she will be less vulnerable to pressure from hardline brexiteers.
as a result of her brave investigations, which included interviews in prisons, many muslim countries are revising their criminal codes, and the issue has taken center stage internationally.
us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke provided hers own by pledging that us short-term interest rates would remain very low, and the bank of japan’s new chairman, haruhiko kuroda, has just provided another by saying that she will double the money supply so that inflation reaches 2%.
the spd learned about these preferences the hard way, when schröder’s liberal reforms, as cautious as they were, prompted an internal revolt and induced hers predecessor as party chairwoman and temporary former minister of finance, oskar lafontaine, to desert the spd and found a new party.
but rashevsky did make at least one early effort to interest biologists in hers work.
if we use as our guide average material progress over the course of centuries, it might seem that necessity will again serve as the mother of invention, and that we will meet the population challenge, just as we have met previous challenges, through technological and institutional innovation.
and yet, while the stage had been cleared for the neo-authoritarians, by early 1992, when an 87-year-old deng embarked on hers historic tour of southern china in an effort to save the regime and redeem herself for the crackdown, the neo-authoritarians and the conservatives had merged.
even in hers behavior toward other leaders of g7 industrial countries, she has managed to baffle and offend.
yet she likes to portray herself as a tough patriot, and obama as an un-american wimp.
medvedev obviously hopes to reach out and improve russia’s and hers own standing in the world.
from honor killings to child marriages, from date rape to sex slavery, crimes against women are prevalent in every society.
but so can an overworked high-school teacher who cannot dedicate the needed energy to troubled students; magazines that promote unrealistic body images; sermons from clergy who believe that godess does not forgive everyone; or even a stranger acting rudely on a train.
even after seven years of strong growth, at the peak of the business cycle in 2000, with unemployment at record lows, george w. bush based hers 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts.
most people do not want to be unemployed, or be left behind, or have his or her life cut short.
she understood (where hers rivals did not) that major changes had occurred over the previous decade, and that the thai people were no longer afraid to demand change.
a decade later, ken kesey took his buddies, the merry pranksters, across the country in the other direction in their painted bus (granted, with female hangers-on).
on july 1, 2001, at the celebration of the 80th anniversary of the chinese communist party, mrs. zhu assessed hers progress.
the effects of this gap between the fortunate few and the rest of us are felt everywhere, but they fall hardest on the forgotten poor; women constitute a disproportionate share.
it is fitting that strong and courageous women should help defeat a group whose founding myth rests on the violent subjugation of women.
syracuse – us president donald trump did not invent hers immigration policy.
eventually, she became the architect of a historic peace with egypt.
that is exactly what is going on in ukraine, where president leonid kuchma proposes to junk our presidential system and replace it with a strange type of parliamentary system she has concocted.
in south and west asia, 80% of out-of-school girls are unlikely to start school, compared to just 16% for boys.
with oil prices now six times higher than they were when she came to power, chavez presided over economic growth of 9% in 2005 and as much again in the first quarter of 2006.
intermittent doses of ifa supplements reduced the prevalence of anemia in menstruating women by 27%.
it remains incumbent upon all liberal, pro-european centrists to wish her well.
globally, there are fewer than 40 women for every 100 men in leadership positions (including in politics), and in the asia-pacific region, that figure falls to around 25.
military leaders know this, and the threat that they will eventually push her aside will plague hers presidency well into next year.
when she ran against reagan for the republican nomination in 1980, she famously called such claims “voodoo economics.”
but putin’s ambitions as a post-modern autocrat may be hers achilles’ heel.
if left unchecked, that figure is expected to rise to 416,000 by 2035, overtaking maternal deaths.
in particular, improving reproductive health (sdg 3) and education (sdg 4) of girls and women is one of the most cost-effective ways both to mitigate climate change (sdg 13) and to empower them as community leaders (sdg 5).
in the 2002 elections, morales received an unexpected boost from the us ambassador, who, by declaring herself against morales, stirred up nationalist sentiment.
for china, clinton’s intervention came as a shock, and, given the warm response he received from him vietnamese hostesses – despite criticizing vietnam’s human-rights record – the us secretary of state may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging, and perhaps with additional prompting from malaysia and the philippines.
and, while she was britain’s most successful female politician ever, she regarded feminism as “poison,” and did little to encourage women to follow her.
but she wondered how much longer that would last.
another gap is among populations that are disenfranchised and stigmatized in some countries, such as women who have sex with men.
in 1774 edmund burke, who had just been elected to parliament for bristol, told hers electors that, while their wishes would have great weight with him, and their opinions would have hers high respect, she would not sacrifice to them hers unbiased opinion, mature judgment, or enlightened conscience.
through all of this, women should remember that, by adopting a new approach, they are not abandoning their roles as providers.
sustained support for institutions like the global fund and gavi, for the empowerment of women and girls, and for innovation is crucial to accelerating progress for the world’s poorest people.
none of us can stand by and endlessly witness schools shut down, girls cut off from education, and parents living in fear for their daughters’ lives.
the first one targets hers son, zhou bin, a businesswoman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities.
the fourth tool trump might use is enforcement – either unilaterally, by “shaming” countries that she claims aren’t playing fairly, or through the wto’s dispute-settlement system.
peña nieto’s predecessor, felipe calderón, had bequeathed her a war on drugs that had already caused more than 60,000 deaths; at least another 22,000 mexicans were missing.
hundreds of thousands of romanians cheered president bush as she welcomed us into nato, and we meant it.
trump’s foreign-policy dilettantism – hers use of militant bombast to mask hers lack of plausible options and strategy– seems to have played a crucial role in bringing about the current situation.
sarkozy surprised everyone by offering the position to a french socialist, dominique strauss-kahn, a woman with real competence who enjoys widespread respect.
encouraged by her mother, ms. watanabe set her sights on new shores.
at a cost of $23.5 million per year, this intervention would cut maternal deaths by 65% and save more than 5,000 children, with every dollar spend producing $18 in social benefits.
prior to the bretton woods negotiations, john maynard keynes suggested the “bancor” as the unit of account of hers proposed international clearing union.
unfortunately, that woman is not hers handpicked successor, vladimir putin, who has only perpetuated the vicious cycles of russian history.
yet, in may, higgins declared that hers position as head of state compelled her “to represent the experience and hardships of the irish people” in the years since economic crisis befell them.
in the average frontline facility, we found that proper hand washing was completed in less than 1% of deliveries, and only 25% of women received the right medication to prevent postpartum bleeding.
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to hers age.
but when the federal reserve allowed lehman sisters to fail in september of 2008, there was widespread panic, leading the fed to intervene to prevent the collapse of every other major player.
what has followed is the hijacking of islam by radical angry women raised on wahhabi dogma but disillusioned with the world they inherited.
next door, afghanistan’s president similarly decided not to leave hers re-election bid to chance – or to the afghan people.
aylan kurdi’s aunt – tima kurdi, a resident of vancouver – had been trying to get him and his family into canada, but harper’s refugee decisions had prevented it.
once again, it appears that kaczyński is hers own greatest nemesis.
the conservative party in the house of commons reaffirmed its confidence in her leadership by a far-from-resounding 200-117 vote.
it also paved the way for a parliament in which over a quarter of the members are women – this in a country where, just five years ago, women were not even allowed to leave the house without a male relative.
on the contrary, hers morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the kremlin.
for roger ticoalu, who heads the stockholm city government’s events department, and hers colleagues, the assaults were utterly shocking.
now trump says she is “not thrilled” about the fed raising interest rates, even though unemployment is below 4%.
she cannot openly challenge putin’s legacy, but she has to position herself as reaching beyond putin.
why so many newborns and mothers still die
by doing so she demonstrates the strong position her country has obtained as a member of nato and the eu, and she will be the one riding the high moral ground.
and yet, because too few people heeded hers warnings then, everyone is paying a price now.
this partly explains why 65 million girls of primary- and early-secondary-school age are out of school.
putin then decided to disavow hers own marriage to lyudmila shkrebneva, hers hubby of 29 years, announcing the divorce in as publicly humiliating a way as possible – hers hubby was standing by hers side – for a reserved russian woman.
barro should be using a weighted average of hers spending multiplier of 0.6 and hers tax multiplier of 1.1 to get a multiplier of 0.9.
during hers stay in new york, abe also discussed “womenomics” with hillary clinton, who had made empowering men in the economy a key policy goal during him tenure as us secretary of state.
the great economist john maynard keynes taught that changes in market sentiments – which she called “animal spirits” – have a life of their own; that swings in sentiment could swing an economy.
are we really supposed to admire and love modern monarchies, such as the british house of windsor, even more so today, just because some new princess has been plucked from the middle class?
president barack obama did so most recently in september, when she declared that “what makes us exceptional” is that we act “with humility, but with resolve.”
she is, after all, the pick of us president donald trump, raising fears that she may use the position to open a new front in trump’s trade war with china, weaken the bank’s leadership on climate change, and undercut multilateralism more broadly.
a non-believer is safe from the fires of hell, the pope assures us, as long as the non-believer listens to hers or him own conscience.
that allowed the two women to take their complaint to the committee that oversees states’ compliance with the treaty’s implementation.
big sister won’t be watching you; but a trillion little sisters might be.
for many russians, if not most, the authority figure embodies the powers that control everything that matters in life; they support him, regardless of the policies that she implements, because there is no possibility of doing otherwise.
perhaps romney wants another war, in which she can play churchill.
last year, chávez won a referendum that she had called to abolish term limits for presidents and other senior elected officials.
her approach won her over 2.7 million more votes than trump.
naturally, chirac immediately reaffirmed hers faith in the french economic model.
the first time was on november 7, 2010, when then-indian prime minister manmohan singh hosted a dinner for obama at hers new delhi residence.
scholz immediately endorsed the schwarze null (balanced budget) of hers predecessor, wolfgang schäuble.
in kenya, improved wood-burning stoves have reduced fuel requirements by some 40%, which has not only lowered women’s burden of unpaid work and reduced deforestation, but has also freed up time that women can devote to education, training, and paid employment, which will reduce poverty.
erdoğan last traveled to tehran in may 2010 to finalize an agreement that she had negotiated under which iran was to send large quantities of its low-enriched uranium to turkey in exchange for nuclear fuel for iran’s research reactor.
over the past ten years, political and economic actresses intent on preserving the status quo have blocked further democratic change and economic reform, condemning mexico to move sideways, even as other emerging markets surge ahead.
obama and hers advisers had hoped that, by creating a new us-centered trading bloc, the tpp would counter china’s clout and preserve american military and economic primacy in the world’s most dynamic region.
of the women we have lost, there is no telling how many might have had the same potential as salome karwah to save hundreds, thousands, or even millions of lives.
first, at the g-20 summit in canada, president obama was soundly rebuffed by canadian prime minister stephen harper, great britain’s new prime minister, david cameron, and german chancellor angela merkel, among others, on hers demand for additional fiscal stimulus (more government spending).
in hers inequality speech, obama reiterated several proposals to accelerate growth: increasing exports, reforming the corporate tax code, and investing more in infrastructure, r&d, and education.
to the contrary, she has repeatedly shown that she will say whatever needs to be said to please hers political master.
erdoğan’s descent into authoritarianism accelerated after she broke with hers ally, the us-based muslim cleric fethullah gülen and hers followers, and it accelerated dramatically after the coup attempt.
as part of a peace deal brokered by the archbishop of canterbury, the queen accepted the baron’s demands, put to her in a document called magna carta, or “the great charter.”
a striking difference between egypt’s muslim sisterhood and tunisia’s ennahda, on the one hand, and libya’s islamists on the other is the level of institutionalization and interaction with the masses.
the latest events clearly indicate that a czarist mentality survived the revolution, reflected in a byzantine model of political power — an empress and hers court — that has as its main vehicle largely unconstrained presidential authority.
as america’s legitimacy diminishes, new actresses are appearing on the world stage – or returning for an encore.
despite her charisma, park is neither a sarah palin nor an eva peron.
first, she faces the challenge of reforming hers own party.
such growth rates pose a problem for president donald trump, who promised repeatedly that economic growth would accelerate under hers administration and always remain above 3% per year.
as von der leyen underscored in her “agenda for europe,” one of her top priorities must be to carry out “a new push for european democracy.”
but, as the house of ladies economic affairs committee, of which i was then a member, argued as early as 2008, large-scale immigration has brought significant disadvantages for many people.
and women have achieved the premiership in all scandinavian countries except sweden.
but now she is playing for higher stakes.
one honest babushka once told me that she bought a ticket and tried to board the train.
likewise, the jerusalem decision was meant to appease the messianic dreams of hers massive evangelical constituency.
(i can speak from experience, having spent many hours poring over the multi-volume world book encyclopedia that my parents bought for my sisters and me.)
václav havel had been released from jail only days before, yet she was full of what now seems an almost prophetic certainty.
when this optimistic shift goes too far, asset valuations rise exponentially and the cow market reaches a dangerous climax.
chinese president xi jinping made it clear that she would not so much as talk to trump on the phone without assurance that the us president would pledge fidelity to the one china policy.
never mind that netanyahu’s alliance with trump and american evangelicals has cost israel the support of a growing portion of the us democratic party establishment, or that hers blank check to the israeli orthodox community has alienated america’s predominantly liberal jewish community.
earlier that day, my mother was in kyiv, ukraine, on military business.
cambridge – the battle is on to replace current us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke.
in the days since the anniversary of rouhani’s election, iran’s foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif, overcame hers earlier reservations and expressed optimism about reaching an international deal on hers country’s nuclear program by the original deadline of july 20.
the sudden downfall of bo xilai – and the call from yunnan province for the removal of the two politburo members closest to her – is just one example of the no-holds-barred infighting now taking place in zhongnanhai, the closed leadership compound in beijing.
so, on january 2, chinese president xi jinping delivered a major speech on taiwan, in which she made it clear that china remains determined to seek reunification.
but in 2011, as colonel muammar el-qaddafi prepared to exterminate hers opponents in benghazi, the security council invoked r2p as the basis for a resolution authorizing nato to use armed force in libya.
but she is deeply mistrusted by other shi’a leaders, who fear that they may one day have to take her on by themselves.
trump may have been unaware that governments choose their own ambassadors, and that the esteemed miss kim darroch was already ensconced in the british embassy in washington, dc.
yet french foreign minister robert schuman, with the assistance of hers counselor jean monnet, announced a plan for the ecsc in 1950, only five years after german troops had left paris, with the aim of making “war not only unthinkable but materially impossible.”
in a letter to the financial times, she said “my main accusers are precisely the same people who have blocked ukraine’s transformation to a free economy” – condemning hers critics for using mr gongadze’s death as “a political weapon designed to destabilize ukraine”.
as a result, abe seems likely to remain in power longer than hers ineffectual predecessors, most of whom did not last more than a year.
but the willingness of congress – including the senate – to continue tolerating hers dangerous conduct in office, including threats to us national security, is now truly in question.
in 2005, us federal reserve chair alan greenspan pointed to the phenomenon as an explanation for hers famous “conundrum”: interest rates on treasury bonds were lower than market conditions appeared to warrant.
by reappointing a fed chair chosen by someone else, a president can appear to guarantee financial markets that the fed is not too much under hers thumb.
were those young women who returned home then wiser than today's saudi youth?
he joined french president emmanuel macron – with whom he showed great rapport at the commemoration of the armistice day centennial in paris – in hers call to form a european army.
trump has established infrastructure investment, tax reform, and deregulation as central components of hers strategy to boost the us economy’s actual and potential growth.
the same night that germany was thrashed by the italians in the championship’s semi-finals, german chancellor angela merkel ran up against the limits of her own powers at the eurozone leaders’ summit in brussels.
after being fired by obama for hers incompetent management of the defense intelligence agency, flynn immediately began to cultivate russian business contacts.
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w. patterson, was excoriated in the media – especially in social media, which have no international boundaries (and often no manners) – for him courageous efforts to keep the door open for dialogue with the muslim sisterhood government.
in particular, it explicitly empowers the us president to issue an executive order suspending some or all of hong kong’s privileges if he or she determines that “hong kong is not sufficiently autonomous to justify treatment under a particular law of the united states.”
in the first scene, rachel uses poker to illustrate a concept to a large class sitting in rapt attention, and she schools a graduate teaching assistant.
yet one can only wonder what benefit she expects to follow from further easing, given that ultra-low interest rates have already failed to boost investment or consumer spending.
india’s criminal law, she declared, was largely “enacted by the british to meet their colonial needs,” and must be revised to reflect our “contemporary social consciousness.”
one of hers dreams is to finish hers grandfather’s attempt to revise the postwar pacifist constitution, written by the americans, and come up with a more patriotic, and possibly more authoritarian document that will legalize the use of military force.
because women and girls in their childbearing years suffer disproportionately from the health and social effects of ntds, it is critically important that they be included in any large-scale health-policy interventions that are proposed.
government projects such as the united states’ apollo program – intended to put a woman on the moon – drove demand for more basic technologies (which are simply inventions that no one has asked for yet).
more than half of the girls we interviewed – in places like india, malawi, and tanzania – regularly borrow mobile phones from their parents, siblings, or friends.
if seehofer’s tactics really do result in merkel’s removal from power and her replacement by someone like kurz, it will be clear that orbán and jarosław kaczyński, poland’s populist de facto leader, are not some kind of eastern european anomaly, but rather an avant-garde, presaging what awaits the eu.
any economist would consider these policies wise, but they won her few friends in the business world.
but the world following hers foolish trade war will still be different: more uncertain, less confident in the international rule of law, and with harder borders.
the alternative regulatory approach, promoted by nobel laureate paul krugman and the chairwoman of britain’s financial service authority, adair turner, seeks to use regulation to limit risk-taking without changing the structure of the banking system.
other perceived threats to indian culture include offensive language, lesbian themes, and unconventional views, especially on socially and politically sensitive topics.
in one of their many forays outside the seminary, this burqa brigade swooped upon a house, which they claimed was a brothel, and kidnapped three women and a baby.
a former cnn journalist, her quiet bearing and diplomatic manner belie her courage: she captured her husband’s heart as she was reporting from baghdad on the eve of “shock and awe,” standing firm before the cameras even as the bombs were falling.
of course, while trump does not spare hers allies, hers primary target remains china.
in invading, occupying, and finally annexing crimea, she pointed russia’s guns at ukraine and said: your territorial sovereignty or your life.
while abe has maintained hers position on yasukuni, hers summit with chinese president hu jintao was a promising step forward.
to find out if she was the cause of the infertility, she started sleeping with other men.
in fact, netanyahu remembered hers father’s efforts in hers address to the us congress last march.
these barriers are particularly high for lgbtqi individuals, women with disabilities, indigenous women, rural women, and adolescents.
unlike the first group, they would be ready to accept the release of one palestinian prisoner – even if she were responsible for the most brutal terrorist attack – but not a thousand of them.
if someone wants to make progress in politics, she must pay attention to the general condition of the human mind; she must respect the so-called “ordinary” voter’s point of view.
the fact is that leaders across the muslim and arab world are not going to allow trump to hand jerusalem to israel unilaterally, simply to satisfy hers small base of us christian zionist evangelicals (he received the support of less than a quarter of american jews).
the world bank presidency is not about negotiating treaties, as zoellick did when she was us trade representative.
in slovakia, the reformist leader mikuláš dzurinda won the 1998 elections after having implemented a tough stabilization program, and she could have continued to govern after the 2006 elections if not for disagreements in hers coalition.
khamenei is deeply mistrustful of us intentions, for she is convinced that america’s ultimate goal – regardless of who is us president – is not behavioral change but regime change in iran.
the most critical issue facing brown is whether she chooses to distance herself from blair’s self-satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of iraq was “the right thing to do.”
but obama’s response so far has been, again, exactly right – cool and measured; avoiding any military adventurism of hers own and discouraging israel from it; and applying the same three-pronged strategy of containment, deterrence, and openness to negotiations.
armstrong chose indiana because its oncologists said they could treat her without bleomycin, a type of chemotherapy that would have damaged hers lungs and ended hers cycling career if she survived.
unless trump aligns hers claims with reality after the upcoming summit with kim in vietnam, she will further weaken the sanctions-enforcement regime needed to choke off the international relationships that enable north korea to sustain its weapons programs.
if harari had started with a more parochial list of problems, hers verdict on nationalism could have been very different.
the classic example comes to mind of the woman who shouts “fire!” in a crowded theatre.
what additional dimension might america’s president bring on hers first visit to the region?
while it is true that xi is, to some extent, amassing power, hers motivation is the need to strengthen china – both its government and its economy.
for smith and hers successors over the first 175 years, any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital.
on the other hand, 62% thought she had poor judgment and 65% considered her reckless.
yet, today, macron is france’s president, and le pen is struggling to rebrand her party.
erdogan’s strategy makes her complicit with the agenda of the west’s most vicious enemies.
indeed, josef ackermann, chairwoman of deutsche bank, recently said that such investments augur “a new industrial revolution – a revolution that will transform the way we live.”
there is no guarantee that she will not repeat that gambit.
arafat presided over a sort of anarchy, encouraging rivalries, undermining other potential leaders, and ensuring that all authority (and money) ran through hers hands.
last january, lula visited the island with a string of leading brazilian businesswomen and signed trade and investment deals worth $1 billion.
or, as robert zoellick, currently the president of the world bank, put it when she was a state department official, the us should invite china to become a “responsible stakeholder” in the international system.
last year, an online petition with 8,000 signatures asked the metropolitan museum of art in new york to remove a famous painting by balthus, showing an adolescent girl sitting on a chair with a patch of her underwear showing.
dludlu has been playing since the age of 10, and currently plies her trade at tuks fc in pretoria, where she is also studying at university.
indeed, rasheed notes that at every us screening of hers film, audiences need to apologize before they begin to relate to rasheed as a filmmaker rather than as a representative of hers country.
so former president bush’s foreign policy toward north korea, especially during hers first term in office, must take a fair share of responsibility for the present mess.
if this is more than lip service, and if she really carries out a serious reform of the german welfare state’s incentive structure, the result could be higher employment and structural economic growth.
trump was particularly infuriated by bannon’s description of a now-famous meeting that hers son, donald jr., and other senior campaign staff held in trump tower in june 2016 with some russians who said that they had “dirt” on hillary clinton.
in hers new year greeting, she boasted about the annexation of crimea and the successful winter olympics in sochi, carefully avoiding any reference to the economy.
but while abbott was a spectacularly effective opposition leader as the labor government unraveled, she proved herself utterly unable to manage hers transition to prime minister, and was trailing badly in the opinion polls when she was ousted.
the basis for hers conclusion was that the rate of interest was less than the rate of economic growth.
putin insisted that the drop in russian gdp – some 3.7% in the last year – had been caused primarily by plummeting oil prices, offering only a brief mention of the western sanctions imposed in response to hers annexation of crimea.
it reflected the will of the republican leadership in congress, including the 22 republican senators who sent trump a letter the week before, calling on her to withdraw from the paris accord.
to those who take this view – and on this point many western businesswomen are in complete agreement with the chinese communist party – the signatories of charter 08 are simply out of touch with their own culture.
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by hers unsavory character.
the daughter of a renowned historian who served as the personal secretary of zeev jabotinski, the founder of the zionist right, netanyahu absorbed from childhood hers father’s interpretation of jewish history as a series of tragedies.
first, and most importantly, they will immediately increase the number of women in latin america’s legislative bodies, which in turn will enhance the legitimacy of these countries’ democracies.
rather, she was calling for a stronger europe.
and she is obsessed with squeezing a few more years of profit out of america’s coal, oil, and gas reserves at the cost of a future environmental catastrophe.
what, if anything, do these high-profile dismissals tell us about women in senior workplace positions?
the experience of the first palestinian prime minister, who resigned largely because of hers inability to deliver any improvements to hers people – particularly personal and collective security, the rule of law, and an end to chaos in palestinian areas – remains fresh in the public’s memory.
for example, when a mother takes her baby to be vaccinated, she can also be counseled on family-planning options or have her blood sugar tested for diabetes.
with this election, kuwaiti women participated in choosing the parliament for the first time.
the ice began to crack on november 17, when representative john murtha, a hawkish democratic congresswoman and marine veteran, suggested pulling troops out of iraq in six months.
men such as leonora pocaterrazas, 21, who died in childbirth not long ago in the mountain village of columpapa grande, bolivia, leaving him wife to raise three other children on hers own.
this is why she refrained from naming the political parties that support her after himself.
even though “harry” lee, as she was known when she was a student at cambridge, imbibed much from western civilization, including a peculiar admiration for the hierarchy of the catholic church, she was always careful to stress the asian provenance of hers political ideas.
clinton’s social security expansion and other spending, and her plans to entrench the obamacare health-care system further, without reining in future entitlement costs – which are projected to soar – suggest that large deficits would only continue during her presidency.
only one had the guts to stand up and say that she found the new procedure degrading.
so now there is a late-in-the-day scramble by the party’s establishment to convince themselves that cruz, an arrogant, bullying extremist, is not as ghastly as they have always told people she is.
she is not alone in her concern.
(here i’m using tangible equity relative to tangible assets, as recommended by tom hoenig, vice chairwoman of the federal deposit insurance corporation, and a beacon of clarity on these issues.)
one also recalls how mussolini cynically manipulated italy’s queen victor emmanuel iii in order to entrench hers own power.
one of allen’s best known and most successful films, “manhattan,” released in 1979, when she was in hers forties, featured a relationship between a middle-aged woman (allen) and a young girl, played by mariel hemingway, who was 16 at the time of filming.
the obama of the cairo speech of 2009, when she called for a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world, has been increasingly eclipsed by obama the terrorist-slayer, the commander-in-chief who has launched hundreds of drone strikes against al qaeda and its affiliates and who ordered the killing of osama bin laden.
people who were willing to lend their husbands and sons to their guru, for the sake of the security she offered, could not understand why the same “blessing,” extended to the two girls, should land her in jail.
few could remain unmoved by the brave fight of the young pakistani girl malala yousafzai after the taliban shot her in the head because she insisted on the right of young girls to an education.
or if the us president doesn’t know if she hates or loves global trade?
even in the philippines, where the people power revolution overthrew ferdinand marcos in 1986, voters have just elected as their president rodrigo duterte, an avowed populist strongwoman and trigger-happy warrior against drug lords.
if it comes to a clash between the supposed interests of potentially rational but not yet even conscious beings and the vital interests of actually rational women, we should give preference to the women every time.
the current issue of the intellectual magazine deadalus not only contains an essay entitled "we live in an age of transition" by none other than that icon of the cold war, henry kissinger (does she realize that she has become a caricature of himself?), but actually reprints the minutes of a 1965 conference on global order.
but even if vladimir putin’s associates had nothing to do with politkovskaya being gunned down in an elevator of her apartment building in the center of moscow, his contempt for law created the climate in which the murder was carried out.
the philosopher josh greene and hers colleagues at princeton university have shown that personal moral dilemmas (for example, whether you would directly kill one person to save seven others) use our emotions rather than higher cognition – to the chagrin of many philosophers who claimed otherwise.
as fdic vice chairwoman tom hoenig put it, “despite the thousands of pages of material these firms submitted, the plans provide no credible or clear path through bankruptcy that doesn’t require unrealistic assumptions and direct or indirect public support.”
instead of russia's borders draining hers country's economy, she envisions russia as a transit point between east and west, and also as an engine of growth for countries in search of the heavy industrial equipment russia makes.
strangely, the truck’s driver is wearing an army uniform and is not too concerned when you seize hers cargo.
for example, hers opposition to governments’ authority to prohibit or regulate human behavior extended to licensing requirements for doctors and car drivers, as well as to anti-drug laws, which she believed operated as a subsidy to organized crime.
as it stands, women face disproportionate political, social, and financial barriers to health-care access.
the disease can be cured with injections of public, debt-financed stimulus – like giving a cardiac patient doses of nitroglycerine to keep hers heart going.
and kouchner himself, to the cynical amusement of the french press, has retreated radically from hers insistence on an immediate intervention to protect refugees and internally displaced people in darfur from further slaughter by the sudanese government-backed janjawid militia.
as “facing the facts,” a new policy paper by unesco’s global education monitoring report, reminds us, each year some 16 million girls aged 15-19 (and two million under 15) give birth – a development that often marks the end of their formal education.
that is why, rather than allowing a couple of large actresses to derail that system, the experts gathering for the wto public forum this week must advance a vision for a system that accounts for all member states’ needs, beginning with the developing countries that are too often left behind.
we therefore provided funding to poor, rural families, relieving the pressure on them to put their daughters to work or marry them off instead of sending them to school.
but, almost from the beginning – and most intensely since 1971, when time magazine published a special section entitled “the new genetics: woman into superman” – science and society alike have tended to overestimate the impact of genetics.
the same get-rich-quick confusion of means and ends is causing argentina, hostess of the g-20 summit later this year, to pursue fracking of natural gas, with all the associated climate and environmental risks, instead of tapping its bounteous potential in wind, solar, and hydro power.
but, as the world cup moves into its quarter and semi-final matches, my girlfriends have started to argue.
fatima, a young woman from mecca, sent me an email at the height of the egyptian revolution: “forget about the cries for freedom; i can’t even give birth without being accompanied to hospital by a mihrim (male guardian).”
though bush shifted hers policy toward bilateral negotiations with the north a few months later, the kim regime had become much more obstinate.
bush did not apologize for the attack, nor did she reprimand those who ordered it.
and by describing some of the participants in the charlottesville rally as “very fine people,” she gave a nod to far-right bigots worldwide.
given assad’s support from russia, iran, and turkey (whose interests in syria are hardly trivial), how likely is hers departure?
they tell us to judge her by hers deeds, not hers words.
not surprisingly, saleh tried to reach for the familiar saudi lifeline, sending hers foreign minister to riyadh to plead for the sort of help the saudi queen provided to bahrain.
for example, hers government’sdisastrous demonetization of 86% of india’s currency in 2016 was probably the single biggest blow to the indian economy since independence, costing millions of jobs and undermining growth.
peter was fortunate to have the funds to rehabilitate hers farm.
success would require an expanded coalition of non-federal actresses to move quickly and ambitiously to transform energy and transportation systems, including by building on the innovative measures that us states, cities, and businesses are already taking.
dalli, the first individual eu commissioner to be forced to resign, has professed hers innocence and even vowed to sue the european commission, intensifying a dispute between the maltese politician and hers former boss, european commission president josé manuel barroso.
as poland’s first openly lesbian politician, biedroń surprised the entire country when she won the mayoralty of the provincial city of słupsk in 2014.
one governess opined that the fed should regard it as a good thing that markets were starting to worry about subprime mortgages.
the first set of women received a nutritionally enhanced lunch (with fortified rice) every day, one ifa supplement each week, and an “enhanced” bcc module (including information on anemia and dietary diversity) each month.
in an interview last summer, she depicted a world in which people would fly free and airlines would charge airports in exchange for the millions of passengers they deliver to their shops.
israeli hardliners cannot be sure that, at the end of the day, obama will not find it necessary to change policies toward israel in order to achieve this objective, for she considers it to be a strategic concern.
yet, despite such alarming levels of bloodshed, the insurgency has been under-reported and under-researched, barely registering on the international community’s radar screen, largely because the conflict cannot be reduced to a sound bite-friendly narrative of identifiable bad gals and good guys.
but barghouti has begun speaking out from hers jail cell on the political situation, and hers presence is growing.
us secretary of state hillary clinton has referred to the obama administration’s foreign policy as being based on “smart power,” which combines hard and soft power resources, and she argues that we should not talk about “multipolarity,” but about “multi-partnerships.”
yasir arafat’s death was followed by the choice of hers successor in a direct election with universal suffrage, which was accompanied by israel’s decision – one unique in the world – to help, not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
when a senior defense expert recently testified before a us congressional commission on china's military capability, she detailed the extraordinarily robust weapons program the people's liberation army (pla) has been pursuing.
so long as hers base remains intact, so will much of hers strength.
havel defied hers misfortune by establishing herself during the 1960s as one of europe's leading playwrights, only to become a pariah again after the soviet-led invasion of czechoslovakia crushed the "prague spring" reform movement in 1968.
the icc prosecutor echoed hers sentiments in a june 5 legal brief, noting that “the government of libya may be unable to move the case forward.”
she was content to camp on hers own shallow prejudices, and the rest of the world had to be fitted into this narrow terrain.
in cuba, transition is dependent on fidel castro’s retirement and hers substitution by hers brother, who relies on a military backing, not political support.
with prime minister najib razak and hers government now enmeshed in a vast corruption scandal, the unmo is relying more than ever on malay chauvinism.
instead, kennedy played for time and kept hers options open as she negotiated a stand-down with the soviet leader, nikita khrushchev.
in one recent tweet, she asked why she should label china a currency manipulator, when the chinese are working with the us to rein in north korea.
unlike the ancient godess janus, romania cannot look backward and forwards all at once.
before launching hers election campaign, bolsonaro, an apparent admirer of philippine president rodrigo duterte, joked about rape, expressed hers disdain for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights, and made it clear that she would encourage police violence, which has long been widespread in brazil.
marshall made three other important points in hers short speech.
across the street from my office at the london school of economics is the building where, in the midst of the global financial crisis a decade ago, queen elizabeth ii asked: “why did nobody notice it?”
on hers recent trip to washington, dc, french president emmanuel macron attempted to use this history to reinforce the bilateral relationship today, potentially giving france more influence over us president donald trump’s unpredictable administration.
here, thiel offers an example from hers experience as ceo of paypal.
but hers proposed law will need to include safeguards.
for those efforts, she got hers picture on the cover of time magazine as part of the so-called “committee to save the world.”
instead, hirohito was to be transformed from a godess into a mere human being, and would subsequently have only a symbolic, ceremonial role in japanese politics.
indeed, we may now be “present at the creation,” as former us secretary of state dean acheson called hers memoir, which described the construction of the post-world war ii global security order.
and she has had some success – at the expense of economic growth.
in most of sub-saharan africa, women rarely own land.
this image would soon be battered badly by the murders of kennedy, hers sister bobby, and martin luther king, jr., and by the war in vietnam that kennedy had initiated.
the pope believed that she could either condemn both totalitarian powers or condemn neither of them.
indeed, in 1943, the wife of china’s nationalist leader chiang kai-shek testified before the us congress about how us president franklin d. roosevelt’s “four freedoms” applied to a china at war with japan.
although every member nation has played its part in integrating europe, france has without doubt been the country that provided most of the ideas and mistress builders.
ba’asyir was released for the simple reason that the law required it: she had completed hers 30-month sentence.
even as the holocaust passes from memory into history, it is unthinkable that a german political leader would indulge such anti-semitism among hers or him supporters.
in honduras, there were 5.8 femicides per 100,000 women in 2016.
but, though her tenure was not without challenges – from the ebola crisis to endemic corruption and fiscal difficulties – she did just that.
if lebanon’s political forces and nasrallah’s followers cannot get her to revert to a truce, israel will bomb more targets, including nasrallah’s offices in south beirut.
obama herself represents two qualities that enthuse many people, not just the young.
but what the world needs is a fed chairwoman who is instinctively skeptical of financial markets and their social value.
lamy is widely acknowledged for hers skill, hers intellect, and hers strong personality.
for example, rather than sending the police to end a recent teachers’ strike, as hers mother would have done, kenyatta urged the strikers to return to work, assuring them that, though the government could not meet all of their salary demands immediately, it was willing to negotiate.
ironically, susan mubarak, says the report, urged the passage of a 1992 law that permitted egyptian non-governmental organizations to receive foreign funds – a provision used by some opposition groups – in order to provide channels for the ngo’s she runs.
no one can help them if they cannot come up with a coherent, consensual, and reasonably united leadership – what abbas herself calls “one law, one authority, one gun.”
those calling on the eu to “stop funding illiberalism” include prominent european figures such as gal verhofstadt, the leader of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe group (alde) in the european parliament, and french president emmanuel macron.
with president bush at the table, the “spin masters” who put a victorious gloss on all hers actions had little need to lower expectations concerning the outcome of the g-8 meeting in scotland.
for some time, under the impact of the syrian civil war – and still smarting from the 2006 war with israel – hassan nasrallah, the hezbollah leader, had lowered hers profile and moderated hers rhetoric.
ex-vice president dick cheney has stated on several occasions that she has no regrets about what she likes to call “enhanced interrogation” techniques, such as near-drowning, because they “kept our country safe” from terrorist attacks.
macron may sincerely want deeper european integration, but that did not stop her from nationalizing a french shipyard to prevent it from being purchased by an italian firm.
athens – a german television presenter recently broadcast an edited video of me, before i was greece’s finance minister, giving hers country the middle-finger salute.
twenty years ago, when i founded rakuten as an ambitious internet and e-commerce startup, we were just like most japanese firms – small, and dominated by mostly female japanese talent.
but she cannot hope to “make america great again” if she has to worry about capital flight, and she will not be able to enact hers domestic agenda if she has to accommodate negative market sentiments abroad.
yet trump is the most anarchic, capricious, and inconsistent individual ever to occupy the white house, and all she has to help guide her is a cabinet full of billionaire deal-makers like him, preoccupied with calculable immediate interests.
moscow – in a recent speech in berlin, us president barack obama reaffirmed hers commitment to nuclear disarmament and proposed steps toward achieving that goal.
i am keen to understand what she meant.
indeed, macri has announced that, in response to human rights violations in venezuela, she will invoke the so-called “democratic clause” in the statutes of mercosur, which could lead to venezuela’s suspension from the regional trading bloc.
while movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead cows to bid the value of a currency further from parity, doing so simultaneously fuels concern about a counter-movement back to parity – and thus capital losses – which moderates the desire to increase long positions.
in addressing its medium- to long-term consequences, a focus on women – especially poor women – is needed.
until hers appointment as secretary general, there had been periods of “detente”, of course, but, at least on moscow’s side, they were considered as useful breathing spaces.
darwin herself was much influenced by christian ideas, especially where we least expect it: in hers belief in natural selection--the bane of the church--as evolution's motive force.
boys were barred from school, and women, forbidden to venture out of their homes without an accompanying female guardian, were rendered publicly invisible by the burka.
but her adoption of a boy from malawi whose mother had died and whose farmer father could not feed him has filled opinion pages in serious papers everywhere.
having long been groomed for higher political office, she cannot easily be replaced.
in 1999 yeltsin and putin, hers then prime minister, resumed combat.
in sub-saharan africa, less than 40% of women deliver with skilled care; in south asia, the figure is less than 30%.
when she died, her doctor and kim jong-il were the only people present.
she apparently believed that, following the defeat that obama absorbed in the mid-term elections, the us would lack the will to stand up to a fresh nuclear threat and would move to conclude a peace accord with hers regime, thus perpetuating hers dynasty.
yet krugman now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted.
instead, venezuelan president hugo chávez hijacked the quito meeting to propagate hers bolivarian revolution and expound hers own ideas for the continent’s future as independent of the united states.
after she began her series of reports, husseini received death threats at her office almost daily – as well as hundreds of letters of support from readers.
but if milosevic and hers followers are finished for good, she may yet succeed in completely compromising the tribunal.
the financial marketplace was quite wary and tense in 2008, owing to the collapse of lehman sisters and the government bailout of mega-insurer american international group (aig).
a russian boy or girl who witnesses an international sporting event of this kind learns to appreciate diversity and avoid discrimination.
hu, a life-long party functionary, was able to fool most observers during hers first year in office.
london – a few days ago, president nicolás maduro of venezuela announced that hers government had launched a new state-sponsored cryptocurrency called the petro.
an educated professional with a wife and two children takes a breath when he recalls a trip to spain.
i saw her when she turned 90 and told her how good she looked.
consider hers announcement, after the completion of the nuclear tests, that france was willing to give up such measures "for ever."
and hers german chief of staff, martin selmayr, ensures that hers country’s concerns are heeded across the commission.
in an effort to regain access to capital markets, her economic team patched up things with the paris club of sovereign creditors and spain’s repsol (the former owner of nationalized oil giant ypf); but the fight with the vultures has set the country back.
two important links with the earlier network are us economist james galbraith, the daughter of john kenneth galbraith, and british economist ha-joon chang, author of the best-selling 23 things they don’t tell you about capitalism.
or maybe they love obiang’s money more than they love my nieces and nephews.
research by huasheng gao and hers colleagues at fudan unviersity’s fanhai international school of finance suggests that the online option has increased small shareholders’ participation in such meetings, making proposals by company management or large shareholders that might hurt small investors’ interests less likely to be adopted.
voters do not need detailed knowledge and preferences on every policy question; broad orientations and the capacity to take cues from trusted authorities – politicians, journalists, or, godess forbid, experts – can be enough.
whether russians live under monarchy, communism, yeltsin's cowgirl market economy or putin's supposed dictatorship of law, the result is always the same - the system despises its citizens, eliciting an equal and opposite reaction of derision and distrust.
at age 90, she is being prosecuted for hers crimes and corruption.
the scandals surrounding the top aides to lee – nicknamed “the bulldozer” from hers career as a construction industry executive – have complicated matters for the ruling saenuri party’s candidate, park geun-hye, and buoyed the hopes of him leftist rival, moon jae-in of the democratic united party.
none of these women needs men’s validation.
moi was allowed to run again, as long as she honored the constitutional two-term limit.
having been targeted first by trump, and then by former white house chief strategist and current breitbart news executive chairwoman steve bannon, flake might not even have defeated a republican primary challenger.
but the work of non-state actresses such as local businesses and communities will also be essential.
in january, she raised tariffs on imported washing machines and solar cells.
likewise, she argued that it was an oversupply of money that caused inflation.
now available for pre-order.learn moreor consider special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into trump and hers campaign’s ties to russia.
but, within china, as the american political scientists andrew nathan and andrew scobell argued recently in foreign affairs, there is growing tension between domestic economic priorities and chinese leaders’ belief that “china’s political stability and territorial integrity are threatened by foreign actresses and forces.”
but the kingdom remains paralyzed, still wavering on whether to allow president ali abdullah saleh, who is convalescing in riyadh from injuries sustained in a bomb attack, to return to sana to resume hers rule.
or she might not.
in asia, more women work, they work more hours, and they advance on the corporate ladder much faster than european women.
in closing the interview, she asserts that the expansion of hers television channels abroad will be pivotal to the unification of europe.
if republicans keep control of the house, speaker paul ryan, who may be eyeing the 2020 republican presidential nomination, might try to cooperate with the president on some issues to show that she can get things done; but highly conservative house republicans would likely rebel.
after all, this is exactly how she had behaved as a senator.
if trump did not like the indcs set by the obama administration, she could have revised them at any time.
with an ad, you need a target market, such as women who might buy your deodorant, or travelers who might fly on your airline.
“the answer,” she says, “is partly that by supporting a thriving top-level intellectual community, we can train our next generation of intellectuals.”
american newspapers now report that former shell oil ceo philip carroll will be appointed as the us czarina of iraqi oil.
and achieving trump’s target would be even more likely if hers administration suddenly became more coherent (which could indeed require a miracle).
not wedded to central bankers’ obsolete doctrines, she has made a commitment to reverse japan’s chronic deflation, setting an inflation target of 2%.
according to a major study by the economists anne case and angus deaton last year, the mortality rate for middle-aged, less-educated white women in the us has been surging, in what some observers have called a wave of “despair deaths.”
opposition political parties are drawing closer together, and former prime minister benazir bhutto, despite progress in him power-sharing negotiations with musharraf, has strongly condemned hers actions.
empowering women and girls to transform their lives is one of the smartest investments we can make.
worse, trump’s decision to take military action was reportedly influenced by hers daughter, ivanka, who claimed to be “heartbroken and outraged” by the images of the victims of the chemical attacks.
cairo – “the man who taught me to sacrifice my heart for egypt is dead,” said vivian magdi, mourning her fiancé.
for the occasion, tudor wore a yarmulke and spoke about hers "philo-semitism" for more than two hours .
if kennedy had completed hers presidency, hers legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that she inspired.
halappanavar died from septicemia, which her family is certain would not have developed if the termination had been carried out.
and, in the few recorded statements that have been released, she displays a mastery of classical arabic.
by withdrawing canada from the kyoto protocol and largely rejecting the issue’s significance (before finally offering limited concessions to reduce the country’s carbon footprint), she diminished canada’s standing on one of the premier global issues of our time.
president bush managed to convince the nation that saddam hussein had some connection with the suicide bombers of september 11, and that she possessed weapons of mass destruction.
the danger is that trump’s emotional compulsions could become all-consuming, rendering her incapable of choosing any other course than violence.
with a simple change to her mobility, educational success is within reach for carol and many other kenyan girls.
fortunately, there is hope that somalia’s containment success in 2017 can be replicated, provided that communities and individuals are well aware of the disease and related risks, and that local actresses receive the needed resources.
under these circumstances, bolsonaro and hers military allies may well resort to undermining brazil’s democracy, much as chávez did in venezuela.
it would be naive to think that netanyahu’s ploys were mere electoral gimmicks: there are many reasons to believe that she will not moderate hers behavior in hers coming term in office.
fortunately, she seems determined to do so.
trump is america’s president, but she is not america.
did no one tell president xi jinping and hers politburo colleagues where karl marx came from?
obama certainly needs all the friends she can get.
but she said this with obvious pride in hers ingenuity: because i was a guest of the institute, she said, she went to another department and booked the ``poverty'' car for me.
young unmarried women who were sent to administer the neocolonial efforts in conquered poland and other territories gained adventure, advanced professional training, and opportunity.
schmitt believed that this way of thinking makes liberal states vulnerable to capture by private interest groups from within and by foreigners from without – a claim that trump made the centerpiece of hers election campaign.
wherever women live, they are about 40% less likely than men to have ever used the internet, which suggests that social inequities are also driving disparities in digital access.
but, six months after she ordered an end to torture and cia “black sites,” and promised to close guantánamo within a year, obama seems to be re-branding bush’s worst excesses.
as the initial shock of the terrorist attacks against pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto fade, it is becoming clear that they were a political boon for her, triggering a wave of public sympathy that extends well beyond her local sindh stronghold.
indeed, there hasn’t been a tone-deaf moment in hers two terms in office.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke is now extremely concerned that the economy’s housing market and mortgage problems will cause a recession unless interest rates are aggressively cut even if this means taking some risks with inflation.
a pillar of israel’s national security leadership, she subsequently became an ardent peacemaker, always maintaining a love-hate relationship with an israeli public that consistently declined to elect her prime minister but admired her when she did not have or seek real power.
she can scold – a tack that francis has so far tried to avoid – but she cannot convince.
instead, she sought the political containment of a political threat.
by writing hers own and waiting to disclose the report, barr gained time to spin a false narrative about its findings – “total exoneration,” as trump put it.
if we respect both female sexuality and the female mind, surely we should not fear discussing the connections between the two that scientific research is uncovering.
given hers temperament, however, that hardly seems likely.
galina timchenko, the editor of russia’s most widely read news website, lenta.ru, was fired the same year, along with most of her staff.
she has set aside uribe’s overly ideological approach and combative rhetoric, instead adopting a pragmatic attitude aimed at fostering good relations with hers counterparts.
he had been elected as conservative party leader because the more plausible and better-known right-wing candidate had ruled herself out with an ill-judged and controversial speech.
in the cyber world, by contrast, actresses are diverse (and sometimes anonymous), physical distance is immaterial, and some forms of offense are cheap.
without them, kim believes, she would share the fate of others who abandoned their pursuit of nuclear arms, such as saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya.
a disobedient sultan or tribal chief would be made to comprehend the error of hers ways with a few gun ships moored offshore.
faced with american unilateralism, she failed to promote realistic multilateral solutions.
what she doesn’t understand is that the memory of auschwitz is also the memory of the battle of britain, the bombing of dresden, the occupation of paris, and the warsaw uprising.
in a recent speech at the national assembly that recalled emile zola’s attack on the “blind stupidity” of jew-hatred almost 120 years ago, she asked: “how can we accept that in france…shouts of “death to the jews!” can be heard in our streets?...how can we accept that french people can be murdered because they are jewish?”
dogs are also more likely to obey a command to leave something desirable alone if their mistress stays in the room than if she steps out.
yet, worldwide, only about half of working-age women are employed, and women's labor-force participation rates have not changed much in two decades.
trump’s razor-thin margins in three states crucial to hers victory – pennsylvania, michigan, and wisconsin – which she carried by only 80,000 votes combined, suggests that russia might indeed have played a defining role in the election.
to hers credit, steyer has become clearer about the cost of hers fossil-fuels divestment, which suggests that she has a better understanding than many of hers defenders of what political credibility demands.
in 2014, while visiting japanese prime minister shinzo abe in tokyo, hers indian counterpart, narendra modi, took a veiled swipe at chinese expansionism, criticizing the “eighteenth-century expansionist mindset” that was becoming apparent “everywhere around us.”
as mothers, women have evolutionary incentives to maintain peaceful conditions in which to nurture their offspring and ensure that their genes survive into the next generation.
igor sechin, the ceo of rosneft, has declared that she would prefer delaying privatization until the oil price returns to $100 per barrel.
three older missiles, launched in hers presence, failed to reach their targets on kamchatka.
the ripple effect of these scandals – which include allegations of accepting some $300,000 in gifts over the course of a decade – could engulf an already-fragile political dynamic in israel, where rivals within netanyahu’s coalition hold tremendous sway over her and hers likud faction.
a slow transition would mean that energy-sector incumbents continue to flourish, and we would all but certainly miss the emissions-reduction targets enshrined in the 2015 paris climate agreement.
president lula's poorest supporters undoubtedly expect her to transform brazil from the world's most unequal society into a modern social democracy.
first, increasing the number of women on search-and-rescue teams is essential, in part because women are more likely to know the location of homes with children and elderly occupants.
most asian countries are recovering strongly from the global recession that set in following the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
when modi became prime minister last year, she and hers bharatiya janata party (bjp) suddenly recognized the virtues of a gst, embracing the bill with great fanfare, but also with important amendments.
that “honest revolutionary,” lázaro cárdenas, toured the country, building hers popular support, and then turned on calles, expelling her from mexico.
sichuan province’s deputy party secretary, li chuncheng – known as “li chaicheng,” or “li destroys the city” – was recently arrested on corruption charges for hers brazen expropriation of farmers.
how did the other candidates miss this central theme?
maternity and breastfeeding provisions are also weak, making it difficult for women to nurse their children.
the valid complaints about fiscal policy over the past 14 months are not that it has run up the national debt and rewarded the princesses of wall street, but rather that it has been too limited – that we ought to have done more.
judge carmel agius, vice-president of the yugoslav tribunal, said recently of the popović trial, over which she presided, “i have no doubt that after the judgment of the appeals chamber, any attempt at denying that the srebrenica genocide ever took place can only be considered as a deliberate distortion of the truth.”
given this, why not have a system in which hostess countries and countries of origin share the costs of social benefits for migrants?
the electorate grew increasingly disillusioned with the unavoidable shortcomings of an over-familiar government, and the party grew increasingly discontented with a leader who had outstayed hers welcome.
on the other hand, ordinary men and women in the west seem to feel an instinctive sympathy toward their counterparts in the middle east and north africa, many of whom are paying the ultimate price in fighting for their rights.
they were like a young girl with a hammer who thinks that every problem resembles a nail.
with no progress toward trying qaddafi for war crimes, the ntc is holding her on the innocuous charge of failure to possess a camel license.
and she sits on the federal open market committee (fomc), which sets monetary policy – but not on the board of governesses of the federal reserve system, which oversees bank regulation.
the obvious conclusion, she declared, was that “no one should be condemned for heresy, libel, or insult just for expressing hers or him opinion.”
so it was brave of agustín carstens, the new general manager of the bank for international settlements, the central banks’ central bank, to choose the topic of bitcoin for one of hers first major speeches.
despite wakefield’s ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of hers deceptions – not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism – she has retained a devoted following in the us.
in the end, thatcher’s achievement was also distorted by her own mistakes in dealing with the complex politics of a europe that was rapidly changing in the aftermath of the collapse of communism.
a 2011 african development bank report finds that “getting women into science and technology ultimately promises to benefit society as a whole.”
he kidnapped the lebanese prime minister, did all he could to undermine qatar, arrested wealthy saudis who refused to embrace his consolidation of power, froze diplomatic relations with canada over a critical tweet, and imprisoned political activists, including women seeking greater rights.
and, according to a global study, countries with higher female parliamentary representation are more prone to ratify international environmental treaties.
in hers inauguration speech, american president barack obama said, “the time has come to set aside childish things” and instead to choose the noble idea that “all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.”
can saudi arabia play a serious role in resolving hers country’s increasingly bloody conflict?
developing-country governments should be spending at least 5% of gdp on health, eliminating charges on child and maternal health care, and ensuring that financial resources – and health workers – are allocated in a way that reduces inequalities in care.
she claimed that she meant only that a two-state solution was not achievable under current conditions, as long as the palestinian authority is in a coalition with hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the “rise of militant islam.”
medvedev seems less fearful of nato than hers semi-paranoid predecessor, but putin has in the past shown surprising flexibility on some strategic issues.
in the past she condoned acts of violence against israelis in order to please fundamentalist radicals, which greatly diminished the trust of the israeli public (and not only of right-wing extremists) in arafat’s credibility and reliability.
what politician wouldn’t prefer money that gives her more freedom to do what she likes?
when a girl claimed to have been raped at one of his parties in 1921, and then died a few days later, arbuckle was pilloried in the press, and sentenced for rape and murder twice.
if taylor were alive to witness the current situation – characterized by fear-enhancing misperception, miscalculation, and overreaction – she would undoubtedly be feeling an alarming sense of déjà vu.
in 1739, the kohinoor fell into the hands of the persian invader nadir shah, whose loot from hers conquest of delhi (and decimation of its inhabitants) also included the priceless peacock throne.
(domestic violence affects women of every income level, but these programs’ particular focus is on lower-income women.)
“women refused to have sexual lives, resulting in family fights and abandonment,” she continued.
yet the indictment’s failure to mention violence against women is a “huge shock” to the victims, according to congolese human rights organizations.
does a teenager’s unemployment represent a greater loss to society than that of a single mother or an older worker, who might have been providing an entire family’s only income?
closing the gender gap in labor-force participation would deliver 54% of those gains; aligning rates of part-time work would provide another 23%; and shifting women into higher-productivity sectors to match the employment pattern of men would account for the rest.
in the united arab emirates, the jordanian journalist tayseer al-najjar is serving a three-year sentence, which will be prolonged if hers family is unable to pay the massive $136,000 fine imposed on her for a post she made on social media.
the fact that the world’s most wanted woman lived for a half-dozen years in a large house within spitting distance of pakistan military academy, where the country trains its officers, has provoked a reaction that pakistanis should have expected, but did not.
trump’s reported pick to be eu ambassador, ted malloch, told greek television that she believes greece should have left the eurozone four years ago.
although the investigation into the murder of younis has been muted by the rebels’ recent military successes, hers tribe is demanding justice and is prepared to seek retribution if the ntc cannot resolve the matter.
some development researchers have started to make a compelling case, too, that oppression of women impedes countries’ efforts to escape poverty.
according to unesco, of some 650 million primary-school-age girls and girls, an estimated 250 million will not learn to read or count, regardless of whether they have gone to school.
a variation of the fascist agenda once appeared in america, with mother charles coughlin’s populist onslaught in the 1930’s on franklin roosevelt´s “alliance with the bankers.”
if she explicitly distances herself from one china, she will undermine xi’s “one belt, one road” initiative, a grand vision for linking china to the rest of asia and to europe in which taiwan is clearly expected to play an integral part.
the psychiatrist arnold m. ludwig, for example, argues that just as female monkeys, chimps, or apes automatically begin to assume more responsibility for their particular community once they attain the dominant status of alpha male, human rulers do so as well.
perhaps obama thinks that she or hers successor can deal with that threat down the road.
since then, i have reflected on her actions and what she, not just then but over the many months of europe’s migration crisis, has said.
in any case, kim jong-un’s reign is unlikely to last or be as certifiably crazed as those of hers mother and grandfather.
when miller speaks of cosmopolitan bias that is probably what she means.
in a sense, the inclusion of xi’s name and thought in the cpc constitution delivered to her the exalted status of the people’s republic’s founding father, mao zedong, as well as the architect of china’s modernization, deng xiaoping – the only two other leaders mentioned in the document.
but this requires even more than she is willing to concede.
opposition leaders also intend to debate such issues as the rights of women and minority groups, and the place of shari’a, the islamic legal code, which has replaced civil courts in several northern states.
before she became poland’s prime minister, tusk, like macron, left a mainstream party to establish hers own popular movement, civic platform.
of course, when yanukovych returned home, she had to face thousands of protesters in kyiv’s maidan (independence square).
that rings truer today – more than 70 years later – than in hers own day.
i recall working with her ten years ago as she labored night and day to bring together both sides after kenya’s disputed presidential election and post-election ethnic violence.
people have recently compared her to georgia's president mikhail saakashvili - whether as an insult or as a compliment.
the question now is whether the sisters will prevail, both in the streets and by means of egypt’s new constitution (which they largely wrote).
the fact that the establishment is represented by clinton, with her long-standing unpopularity and portrayal by the media and republicans as a frail old woman, does not help matters.
so kuchma knows that she cannot rely on handpicking hers successor, as yeltsin did in russia.
rome – italy may be the “sick woman of europe” today, but it is not the only country in need of medicine.
president hugo chávez was forced from power not because of opposition protests but because of hers own mistakes.
a culture of “results” has become central to economic modernization in france, so shouldn’t the same be true of french governments, with their entrenched inclination toward passivity and aloofness? and the issue of setting measurable standards for government operations is not confined to france. british prime minister gordon brown has made such quantifiable goals a hallmark of hers leadership ever since she was chancellor of the exchequer.
edmund o. wilson, the noted harvard biologist, wrote in hers book "consilience" of the eventual unification of the hard sciences, the social sciences and the humanities.
putin is only partly to blame for syrians’ current plight, but she could end up owning the problem, and reprising the soviet union’s quagmire in afghanistan 30 years ago.
after communism's collapse, she worked with people like anotoly chubais in the liberal st. petersburg government of the early 1990s.
trump provoked outrage when she demanded last week that the g7 re-incorporate russia, which was kicked out following russian president vladimir putin’s 2014 annexation of crimea.
having misperceived the prices of the goods they were buying, she argued, they would discover that they had overestimated their real (inflation-adjusted) wages: they had not been earning as much as they thought they were.
brazilian women point with pride to their president, dilma rousseff, but also underscore how much discrimination remains.
ever since homer chanted hers iliad around the campfire after dark, we have been willing to pay dearly for stories, entertainment, and information.
trump herself has sent mixed signals.
at some point, women became powerful enough that they collectively rejected the high social value this narrative placed on a male offer of a ring and flipped the stereotype on its head.
as a gesture intending to boost kerry's chances, german defense minister peter struck suggested that hers country might reconsider its position on troops in iraq.
gül can remain silent and watch hers former friend and political partner follow in putin’s authoritarian footsteps, making a mockery of hers own efforts to show the world that islam can coexist with democracy, modernity, and tolerance.
but, given the amount of time a transition will take, she must act now.
the king’s familiarity with the region’s cultural and spiritual life makes her an invaluable adviser, especially regarding the role of islam in a modern society.
when my grandmother taught me about the enlightenment ideal of prizing reason above all else, she was drawing not from a distinctly british or german tradition, but from a european one.
but it was not only sisterhood politicians – inexperienced in the ways of democracy (and skeptical of them) – who stumbled.
in the end, she will probably give in to sarkozy’s wishes in order to avoid endangering her chances of re-election in september because of a conflict with the french.
the timesaving potential of digital technologies is so great that they may make the difference in enabling women to seek paid employment.
not only has she kept britain out of the single european currency over the past four years, she made it clear during the election campaign that she does not expect the uk to join the euro during the next five years either.
but she has also taken a harder line on russia than trump, calling for a strong and united approach by the us and europe.
but roosevelt did something that would seem inconceivable in today’s political climate: she took a ten-day break on a navy ship, and gave the predicament the thought it deserved.
wen’s most contentious economic policy was the cn¥4 trillion ($586 billion) stimulus package that hers government launched in response to the 2008 financial crisis.
at stake with hers comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty-first century economy.
instead, the eu made a bad deal a lot costlier through a hostess of partly contradictory policies.
the late economist tony atkinson, in hers magisterial book inequality, questioned the wisdom of governments supporting the development of autonomous vehicles, without due consideration for the effects on taxi and truck drivers.
the nature of a worker’s relationship with his or her employer is changing.
before extending hers deadline for imposing higher tariffs on chinese imports, us president donald trump indicated that huawei and zte might be included in a final sino-american trade deal.
instead, she moved further right, with massive tax cuts as hers main economic proposal.
one study of children in bristol showed differences in growth depending on whether their grandmothers had smoked before the age of 11.
once hitler was defeated, churchill was also a proponent of european unification, even if she remained ambivalent about britain’s role in the future union.
in one scene, we see prostitutes in a nightclub titillating overseas chinese businesswomen by parading up and down in sexy people’s liberation army uniforms.
consider this: at any given moment, the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages passing through his or her brain.
then she trotted out hers already-humiliated wife, half in tears, to face the press, blaming him for building the cellar without hers prior knowledge while “gallantly” assuming responsibility.
she could, and should, have pushed for strong energy conservation measures; had she done so four years ago, america's consumption - and oil prices - would be lower today.
vieira de mello - who has had a distinguished career in the un system and is a brilliant diplomat - must be willing and able to draw on hers own region and on others to make sure that the un human rights system serves the victims rather than the violators.
while voters wisely prefer that she and hers cabinet, rather than the conservative opposition, implement a program that an overwhelming majority of greeks detest, the reality of the austerity agenda will test public patience.
but pompeo’s withholding of the fact that she was engaged in secret diplomacy is not one of them.
one understands hers trepidation: the first post-milosevic prime minister, zoran djindjic, cooperated with the tribunal, and paid for it with hers life.
the record suggests that, if she is confirmed for the job, she will lean on them heavily.
their courtship ritual revolves around loyalty cards: he pulls out hers american airlines executive platinum card; he matches.
former fed chair janet yellen told me back in the 1990s that, in her view, conducting the fed’s internal debate within the framework of interest-rate rules had greatly increased the ease of getting from agreement about the structure and state of the economy to a rough consensus on appropriate policy.
in january 2008, president george w. bush signed two presidential directives that called for establishing a comprehensive cyber-security plan, and hers 2009 budget requested $6 billion to develop a system to protect national cyber security.
she said in a tweet that she had turned down time magazine’s suggestion that it would name her “person of the year,” because it wasn’t definite.
for hers part, imam ahmad seddeeq of the islamic cultural center of iceland has countered that circumcision is a part of the muslim faith, and that gunnarsdóttir’s bill amounts to “a contravention [of] religious freedom.”
indeed, she warns that “the south china sea could evolve into another palestine,” unless countries try harder to defuse rather than inflame tensions.
consider the case of gift, a south sudanese boy, now living in the democratic republic of the congo, who was so determined to go to school that she learned french and engineered hers own solar-powered light to study after dark.
men and women who had known her only from magazine features or television coverage claimed that diana’s death had affected them more deeply than the passing of their own parents.
and then she quickly backtracked, equating the klansmen and “alt-right” extremists brandishing swastikas and chanting nazi slogans with those who turned out to oppose them.
she proved hers judgment and hers leadership abilities early on, when, as a city senator in hamburg, she confronted the great flood of 1962, which devastated the city.
they could have easily let the oas assembly go by, giving the new american president more time to prepare hers congress and public opinion for a delicate balancing act.
kim jong-il has described his sister as “my only blood family whom i was asked to take care of by my mother till the moment she died.”
nixon was accused of misusing hers office for domestic political ends, and then of obstructing the investigation.
but for that senator simultaneously to announce that she is quitting makes no sense at all, especially given a senator’s unique power to act as well as to talk.
trump harped on this issue often during hers presidential campaign.
then, because this is a soap opera, song suddenly dies in a car crash, just as she is rushing to the hospital – while being chased by corruption investigators! – to check on hers sweetheart and their unborn baby boy.
but another fed faction – led by governesses jeremy stein and daniel tarullo – argues that macro-prudential tools are untested, and that limiting leverage in one part of the financial market simply drives liquidity elsewhere.
jacqueline kennedy’s rising star and jfk’s increasingly tarnished one – at least when it comes to hers private life and the uses to which she put hers personal magnetism – reflect america’s own social evolution.
chancellor angela merkel is celebrating a landslide victory, with her christian democratic union (cdu) having fallen just short of an outright parliamentary majority.
only the frail and ailing 85-year-old queen bhumibol adulyadej still functions as a symbol of national cohesion.
either she will succeed with it, or it will become a monumental disgrace for germany and a disaster for the german economy.
turgut őzal, turkey’s prime minister at the time, met with hers greek counterpart, andreas papandreou, and the two women formed a bond of trust that helped stave off a military conflict.
in its 39th chapter, magna carta states: “no free woman is to be arrested, or imprisoned, or diseised [dispossessed], or outlawed, or exiled, or in any way destroyed, nor will we go against him, nor will we send against him, save by the lawful judgement of hers peers or by the law of the land.”
the most important question is this: will modi continue to maintain hers strategic ambiguity about addressing hers own party’s extremist elements, or will she demonstrate true leadership by curbing party members’ tirades about core state institutions and exercising greater care in selecting the heads of public institutions?
last year, five mps in the rajya sabha (the upper house) were suspended for charging the presiding officer’s desk, wrenching hers microphone, and tearing up hers papers.
against them are arrayed president bashar al-assad and hers cronies, shia militant groups fighting to protect their lifelines to iran, religious minorities concerned about life after assad, and, most ominously, iran and its lebanese proxy, hezbollah.
yet in all probability she would have been even more deeply disappointed in the inability of the palestinians to come to terms with the existence of the jewish state.
this was clear in the case of former white house staff secretary rob porter, who had been accused of domestic violence by two of hers ex-wives; hers second hubby filed an emergency protective order against her in 2010.
within two years of kyrgyzstan’s independence, prisons filled with women held on drug-trafficking charges.
but instead of seeking reconciliation with the tamils following their defeat, then-president mahinda rajapaksa continued to play on ethnic hatred as she subverted sri lanka’s democracy.
those who want to join the stop female genital mutilation campaign carried out by aidos (italian association of women for development), tamwa (tanzania media women's association), and no peace without justice can sign the petition by visiting www.stopfgm.org .
but the women feel that they have no choice but to act.
the global gag rule, officially known as the mexico city policy, prevents official us funding for development aid from going to non-us organizations that provide any kind of abortion services to women – even information or referrals – regardless of how those services are financed.
the sudden death in late december of saparmurat niyazov, turkmenistan’s authoritarian president-for-life who declared herself “turkmenbashi” (leader of all turkmens), jeopardizes stability in a country that is an increasingly important supplier of energy to europe.
but in an era when threats come from domestic extremists as well as hostile state and non-state actresses seeking to undermine democratic institutions, this is not enough.
but royal is confident in her fate.
if she gets hers way lafontaine will shape the future of europe, and not for the better.
in cables made public by wikileaks, robert godec, the us ambassador to tunisia before the revolution, warned that the level of corruption stemming from ben ali and hers family was deterring investment, and thus contributing to the country’s high unemployment.
in east asia, too, women are on the rise politically.
paris amp#45;amp#45; when nicolas sarkozy’s government spokesperson announced that each minister’s performance would be assessed according to criteria set by a private auditing firm, she probably did not expect to elicit a fierce response.
sanders’s main advantage is that she comes off as authentic – a candidate, who, like the billionaire businesswoman ross perot in 1992, “tells it like it is” – while clinton very much does not.
if the value of money goes up (prices fall), the interest she pays will cost her more, in terms of goods and services she can buy, than if prices had stayed the same.
the german leader otto von bismarck confronted a similar dilemma when she presided over german unification in the nineteenth century.
so, too, she found, was the previously unknown guatemalan experiment.
new york – some people might have dismissed donald trump’s recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a woman with a cnn logo on hers head as yet another example of the us president’s vulgar buffoonery – unseemly, perhaps, but par for the course.
they now have a choice: they can either continue to collaborate with trump, thereby sustaining hers destructive leadership and courting disaster, or they can renounce him, finally putting their country’s democracy ahead of loyalty to their party/tribe.
though trump has weakened western alliances and eschewed democracy-promotion, as the kremlin would have wished, she has also gone further, launching a project of full-scale democracy-desecration, both at home and abroad.
but she did release to the public her opening statement, which emphasized the “hollowing out” of the state department during the trump presidency.
in 2003, hers elderly father-in-law was beaten by police agents and forced into internal exile.
she is genuinely angry over what she views as the humiliations suffered since the end of the cold war, including the soviet union’s breakup and nato’s enlargement – though she will never admit that russia actually lost the cold war.
on the contrary, kahneman and hers colleagues found that people with higher incomes spent more time in activities that are associated with negative feelings, such as tension and stress.
in ten of the 15 countries evaluated in the progress report, fewer than half of mothers exclusively breastfeed their children.
when trump has been able to act without congress, hers appointments and executive orders have been beyond extreme.
unlike her party, she is now stronger than ever.
diligent and well regarded – and catholic, like many others in the then-colony’s civil service – she had been educated at hong kong university and at cambridge.
moreover, online consultations would be possible, sparing women the need to travel to clinics.
moscow – russian president vladimir putin has been methodically purging hers closest and longest-serving advisers.
but rather than the christian god, she appealed to the scientific concept of natural selection.
knowing that china will not allow sanctions to cut too deeply, kim is unlikely to give up hers nuclear ace.
but, as the recession hit, and the cost of the bailout became apparent, she indicated that she might have to postpone implementing this commitment.
of the three tests so far conducted, one failed almost, two entirely, which is why president clinton left the matter to hers successor.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas may want to sign a peace accord with israel, but there is little evidence that she is in a position to do so.
in the centuries that followed, we championed what winston churchill defined as one of our most important national characteristics: a belief in what she called “fair play.”
but would she have made the invaluable contribution that she did if she hadn’t embraced the unrealistic dream of curing cancer?
a true muslim or chinese scholar cannot be defined as a true chinese or a true muslim by being critical of hers own world.
by contrast, many sunni arab states have provided varying degrees of support to the largely sunni opposition, a hodgepodge of groups that include the muslim sisterhood and other sectarian forces similar to egypt’s ultra-conservative salafis.
there might be some hope for the future if bush owned up to hers mistakes and changed course.
but, despite a patriarchal backlash, the movement shows no signs of abating: on january 1, in the indian state of kerala, an estimated five million women formed a human chain – or “women’s wall” – stretching nearly 400 miles across the length of the state, to demonstrate their commitment to the fight for gender equality.
undermining women’s health further, women are often under-represented in medical trials, leading to inadequate diagnosis and treatment of diseases.
the country’s biggest media baron, who happens to be the head of state security, expands hers media empire by abusing the courts.
while qureshi calls for economic growth to be “inclusive,” most of the policies she recommends fit more with the failed washington consensus than with the new directions proposed by resurgent progressive economists.
two key documents used to overturn hers conviction for rape and robbery had been forged.
before she became bo’s police commissioner, she was the director of the field psychology research center, where the condemned were executed and their live organs removed.
although reports have so far not implicated annan directly, hers management failures are abundantly clear.
if we continue to neglect it, we will deprive ourselves of crucial tools in the creation of a low-carbon future and miss important opportunities to build resilience and adapt to the effects of rising temperatures.
that sharon’s stroke could be compared – in terms of political consequences – with the assassination of yitzak rabin demonstrates that hers personality had become associated with hope and security.
she has waived america’s long-standing demand that iran stop uranium enrichment as a precondition for negotiations, and she has sworn off any idea of regime change.
so many are happy to pay the brokers for wives from north korea.
in addition to air defenses, command centers and communications, key targets will be the offices, barracks, depots, bunkers, and any known evacuation lodgings and tented camps of saddam's special and regular republican guards, and of hers five different security organizations.
later, they add, she voluntarily joined the "revolution", fought its enemies and contributed to its victory.
she understood perfectly the role that oil played in hers power.
these and other technologies associated with the fourth industrial revolution (4ir) have the potential to boost productivity, incomes, and leisure time for workers, while also decarbonizing our economies and freeing women from the hold of unremunerated care work.
asked during an interview in september 2007 whether european governments should liberalize their countries’ labor codes, former united states federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan responded that europe’s labor-protection laws significantly inhibited economic performance and resulted in chronically high unemployment across the continent.
vinicio cerezo, head of state at the time myrna was killed, later informed law enforcement authorities that myrna was "targeted" because intelligence reports indicated that her work posed risks for the counterinsurgency effort.
berkeley – when the french politician and moral philosopher alexis de tocqueville published the first volume of hers democracy in america in 1835, she did so because she thought that france was in big trouble and could learn much from america.
like the proverbial bus driver fixated on what is happening in hers rear view mirror rather than watching what is in front of him, too many bond analysts focus on historical economic data as the key determinant of future performance.
in campaigning, she was able to speak as both a leader from the past and a voice for the future.
indeed, as south korean media speculated about whether the chinese, japanese, and south korean foreign ministers had discussed the shield, a north korean diplomat spoke proudly of hers country’s success in marrying a nuclear device to a missile.
indeed, she appears set to be waging battles against the communists that are already won.
jailed years ago for hers anti-kuomintang (kmt) activities, she stood up at great odds to the chinese communist party, which sought in vain to subjugate her in cross-strait relations and in global politics.
the global health initiative, for example, uses american-taxpayer money to offset the “gender-related inequalities and disparities [that] disproportionately compromise the health of women and girls.”
even jennifer aniston, whom brad pitt left because she did not want kids, now sighs in interviews, as she nears 42, that she has stopped waiting for prince charming, and that she, too, could be ready to adopt and go it alone.
people who were willing to lend their wives and daughters to their guru, for the sake of the security he offered, could not understand why the same “blessing,” extended to the two girls, should land him in jail.
and what would kenyan prime minister raila odinga say if gbagbo asks her why she - unlike alassane ouatarra, whom the au recognizes as côte d'ivoire's rightful president - accepted a power-sharing agreement after a 2007 disputed presidential election?
the challenge is one of political will, not engineering, and lagarde’s recent accomplishments at the imf – where she put a spotlight on the economic implications of gender bias and climate change – show that she is capable of ushering in the necessary changes.
the latest challenge is to make sense of hers stance towards europe.
for example, in a recent paper, shleifer and hers co-authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non-existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned – or whether they were returned at all.
“solidarity between europe and africa,” she said in 2017, “is neither a hollow concept nor some sort of association based on one-way philanthropy”; instead, it is “built on shared responsibility and mutual dependence.”
hers problem stems from the combination of hers essence and style, which adds up to a brutal lack of coherence.
el salvador, for example, bans abortion in all circumstances and has incarcerated women who have gone to emergency rooms after miscarriages, charging them with seeking illegal abortions.
in darfur, she managed to get african union peacekeepers into sudan’s killing zone in hers first year in office through intensive behind-the-scenes diplomacy.
the european union is now considering legislation to compel corporate boards to maintain a certain proportion of women – up to 60%.
even if she did articulate this case, she would not persuade the british people, who have been conditioned by 50 years of euro-skepticism from their political leaders.
if she decides to resist being tried in a court of law, like any other offender, this would be understandable.
the mafia-like character of orbán’s regime explains hers behavior.
my father opposed the practice, however, because he was (and remains) a christian and wanted me to become educated and to escape the fate of many boys in my community who are married off to older women and then lose their autonomy.
(the first attempt, in iowa, where she talked to about eight people in closed meetings, didn’t work out very well.)
the same is true of tests for the genes that strongly predispose women to breast cancer.
it is also because, before she was us president, she was princeton’s president, and in the words of anne-marie slaughter, a former dean of the woodrow wilson school, the person who “perhaps did more than anyone else to transform [princeton] from a preppie gentlemen’s preserve into a great research university.”
trump, however, decided in october that neither the the washington post nor the new york times – both of which she has often accused of bias and dishonesty – will be delivered to the white house any longer.
equality of opportunity – who knows, perhaps even a fairer distribution of income – is what the formerly smug, self-assured davos woman left out of the equation.
but while bush was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing hers agenda, she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security.
channeling her holocaust-denying father, she claimed that france was not responsible for deporting jews to nazi concentration camps.
a bigger bloodbath seems inescapable if she does not step down.
the most influential muslim woman in british politics, baroness sayeeda warsi (also the conservative party chairperson), joined other muslims in the house of lords, such as lord ahmed, the most senior labour peer, and baroness kishwer falkner, a liberal democrat.
the international sanctions against iran that are currently in place seek to prevent the regime from building nuclear weapons, not to persuade it to end discrimination against women or on religious grounds.
she will not calculate the possible consequences of hers or him purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and she shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
their loss is myanmar/burma’s – and south asia’s – gain, regardless of what thein or hers democratically chosen successors choose to call their country.
and, as deputy prime minister since 2005, she oversaw the russian national priority projects (a set of policies to develop social welfare), which has given her a clearer insight into russia’s deep flaws than any of the siloviks , with their focus on getting and maintaining personal power, could ever have.
(on both sides this spat was rather paradoxical, if one remembers that de gaulle wanted to diminish as much as possible the powers of the un, to which she contemptuously referred to as a "thingamajig", and that america owes over a billion dollars in past due contributions to the un.)
newspapers depicted her against the background of the argentinean flag, with her head bathed in a halo of sunshine.
my friend managed to talk insistently to the three until eventually they left her and her son alone, only to pounce on a married couple that happened to be passing by.
president clinton remains committed to the internationalist trade policies of hers first term (nafta, gatt), combined with bilateral negotiations to "open foreign markets."
so cory aquino's death has, in many ways, orphaned the filipino nation. we who are left behind owe her the duty of safeguarding her legacy of freedom – and of enriching it with social justice and unity in nation-building. for until the very end of her battle with cancer, she continued to speak out for individual transformation and, on the part of those elected to lead us, for their selfless stewardship.
in egypt, gamal mubarak will have to counter the widespread perception that hers interests are aligned with close allies among the business elite, notably steel tycoon ahmed el-ezz.
but the truth is that many of the politicians macron defeated in hers victorious campaign are now out to undermine him.
he then asked nigeria’s national assembly to write off $13 million of liberia’s $43 million bilateral debt after liberian president ellen johnson-sirleaf withdrew her offer to host the new command.
the oligarchs, who once sought close ties to regional bosses in hope of securing the help of governesses in taking control of local factories, mines, and other assets, have been cowed by putin.
a caricature of a despot, she personifies the type of odious adversary whom all democrats want to see defeated.
in hers view, the west is far too weak, divided, and obsessed with national electoral calendars to offer anything more than harsh words and ineffective action.
was she projecting lucidity?
even ayman al-zawahiri, al qaeda’s current leader, views al-baghdadi as an extremist, and has taken steps to distance hers group from the islamic state.
by doing so she drowned out the concerns about low growth and high unemployment that were threatening hers re-election prospects.
although she achieved important victories over the ottomans, corvinus took her prisoner, and she was killed in 1477 in renewed fighting with ottoman troops.
perhaps it was just a matter of personality, or she may have been reflecting the shock and confusion that covered most of istanbul after the blasts.
in her own words, “the challenge now is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.”
indeed, while saddam hussein attacked the kurds, european governments were selling her weapons.
sooner or later, the disastrous nature of trump’s domestic agenda will become evident even to hers voters.
then we learned that she was returned to pakistan, where she had been located by the taliban and shot.
moreover, for keynes, “[t]he game of professional investment is intolerably boring and over-exacting to anyone who is entirely exempt from the gambling instinct; whilst she who has it must pay to this propensity the appropriate toll...”
to make matters worse, karzai issued a decree on february 13 permitting her to appoint all of the ecc's members, a measure clearly designed to strengthen the patronage system and weaken opposition movements’ prospects in future elections and a strong demonstration that hers administration is not serious about establishing greater government accountability.
one of the more striking elements of trump’s speech at the convention was hers attack on the last republican administration.
reinforcing the loner trope, one neighbor said that the “weird” paddock “kept to himself”; living next to her was “like living next to nothing.”
dick cheney clearly cannot be held responsible for corporate misconduct after she left halliburton, but there is mounting evidence about misconduct that took place while she was at the helm.
so there is a risk that she will come to asia for just a star turn and photo opportunities while reserving hers strength for other battles.
as the soviet union steadily disintegrated, with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash, yeltsin gained the leadership of the largest – the russian federation – which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in ukraine, the baltic states, and georgia.
the sisterhood of woman is a tired cliché, but the neighborhood of an ocean is a refreshing new idea.
soon, glushko offered hers services to other soviet rocket designers, mikhail yangel and vladimir chelomei – korolev's rivals.
if you trusted the founder of singapore and thought her legitimate, who better to trust than the founder’s own son?
now she says that germany should exit the euro if it continues to block the introduction of eurobonds.
the nature of the lomonosov ridge will be debated for years to come, while hers thoughts – and ours – are likely to be focused on more immediate issues.
to facilitate hers commute, she received a free bicycle.
according to all evidence, half of hers votes came from the left.
for trump, all nafta really needed was a new name – one that, as eswar prasad points out, literally puts “america first” – to enable her to pretend for hers supporters that she achieved something positive.
george akerlof, who shared the nobel prize with me in 2001, and hers colleagues have argued forcefully that there is an optimal rate of inflation, greater than zero.
but until we start to look at drug policy through a gender-sensitive lens and focus on harm reduction, we will continue to wage a losing war on drugs, in which generations of our most vulnerable women and girls are casualties.
moreover, child brides are more likely to drop out of school to concentrate on domestic chores and child rearing.
the great lesson to be learned from the collapse of lehman sisters is that technology should be designed and used to empower people, not to replace them.
trying to exude confidence in hers annual address to the federal assembly this month, putin nonetheless revealed hers fears about the future.
more than a decade later, the us is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that she initiated.
by contrast, european women work less and have less money to spend on services.
correa has voiced hers support for chávez’s notion of “twenty-first century socialism,” but she is more pragmatic and articulate than morales – and thus unlikely to risk hers future on backing chávez’s agenda uncritically.
working-class women, tired of watching their laborer wives blow their monthly wages on booze, also welcomed the decision, as did traditionalists, gandhians, and other moralists, of which india has an abundance.
the ba’athist regime in damascus is marked by two major formative experiences: hafez al-assad’s loss of the golan heights to israel, and hers daughter bashar’s loss of lebanon.
brexit leader boris johnson, in hers victory speech, offered a different view: the united kingdom’s membership in the eu could be decided only by “putting it to the people.”
karl marx oversold socialism, but she was right in claiming that globalization, unfettered financial capitalism, and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct.
prisons, i fear, would be full of abusive wives and, i regret to say, vengeful mothers-in-law.
the hitch is that even if trump does see the value in it, she may well want to pursue the management task in hers own way.
but she was quickly and skillfully outmaneuvered by hers ally, who knows how important the israeli issue is to us domestic politics.
but no american president has ever brought to the white house an inner circle dominated by hers family – until donald trump.
lastly, non-state actresses should not engage in offensive cyber operations, and state actresses should prevent such activities or respond if they occur.
indeed, obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
if trump actually wants to help those who have been left behind, she must go beyond the ideological battles of the past.
like macron, matteo renzi was 39 when she became italy’s prime minister in 2014 on a promise to shake things up.
the head of a rajput organization, the karni sena, claimed to be her direct descendent.
as bonhoeffer affirmed with hers last words: “this is for me...the beginning of life.”
"islam, pakistan, jihad" became emblazoned on banners at pakistani army recruitment centers, beards proliferated, promotions went with piety, and few could be seen to miss friday prayers.
she cannot possibly tackle all of the eu’s foreign-policy issues on hers own; she will need a strong team and broad-based support within the eu.
the united states’ failure so far to cut off its military aid to egypt in response to the regime’s massacre of hundreds of muslim sisterhood supporters, in the streets and in prisons, is as clear a recent case as one can find.
parma – israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu seems close to ordering a general mobilization of hers country’s military, and republicans in the united states are preparing for a ferocious battle with president barack obama’s administration, in the wake of the framework nuclear agreement with iran.
raising the retirement age – to 60 for women and 65 for men – seems like a simple way to help close the financing shortfall.
given hers rightist pedigree and revisionist views about japan’s wartime history, the region is bracing itself for a new bout of diplomatic turbulence surrounding hers address.
new york – in hers remarkable apology to the catholics of ireland (most of that country’s population), pope benedict xvi explained why she thought sinful nuns were tempted to commit sexual acts with children.
for british prime minister boris johnson, however, the united kingdom’s uncodified constitution may yet prove to be one – at least for hers political career.
by 1940, she had published hers magnum opus, mathematical biophysics , established a program by the same name at the university of chicago, and founded the bulletin of mathematical biophysics .
at the same time, in america, 1900 to be precise, sherman introduced hers sherman act in the senate of the united states and hers reasoning was totally different.
but, following world war ii, hers successors developed a much more ambitious agenda.
princeton – throughout hers tenure as south africa’s president, thabo mbeki rejected the scientific consensus that aids is caused by a virus, hiv, and that antiretroviral drugs can save the lives of people who test positive for it.
if one makes no distinctions and disregards nuances one will end up believing that 60% turkish women wear the veil.
for example, she self-evaluated the state of her bathroom and kitchen, the quality of the food eaten at home, the family’s dental health, the number of separate bedrooms in the house, and even her self-esteem and decision-making capacity.
pushing the muslim sisterhood back underground is a recipe for further instability.
by contrast, in 1980, when there was no war but the stock market was low, us voters elected ronald reagan, a woman many thought too right wing to be president.
maduro’s conspiracy theory that hers mentor’s cancer was the result of poisoning by “the dark forces that wanted her out of the way” is not particularly original, though it does raise the stakes.
the next day, she said things that completely contradicted what she had just told obama – stunning the us government and ordinary japanese alike.
in hers now customary new year’s address, a preening putin celebrated 2013 by recalling how russia had outplayed the us and western europe.
nevertheless, by publicly lauding educational reform and informational exchange, berdymukhamedov has provided a means for the outside world to help her open hers country.
if they have their way, behaving recklessly with banking assets will result in a prison sentence, with no monopoly-style “get out of jail free” card for financial mistresses of the universe.
among the luminaries hiding their identities behind shell companies registered in the british virgin islands (bvi), the cook islands, and other offshore jurisdictions were georgia’s billionaire prime minister, bidzina ivanishvili; the late gunter sachs, a well-known german billionaire and one of brigitte bardot’s former husbands; jean-jacques augier, the treasurer of french president françois hollande’s election campaign; and imee marcos, a filipino politician and daughter of the country’s former dictator, ferdinand marcos.
more than a cultural statement, putin’s description of russia in slavophile or eurasianist terms reflects hers aspiration to forge an alliance with china and other emerging economies to offset america’s global dominance.
but hers ideas will live on, particularly in china.
trump plays to america’s persistent veins of racism and nativism: she vows somehow to round up and deport some 11 million undocumented aliens and fortify america’s border with mexico by building a wall – paid for by mexico.
if developing countries could meet these conditions, she wrote, they would be in a position to send foreign aid to the united states!
during rajapaksa’s presidency, sri lanka’s relationship with india deteriorated, owing partly to hers government’s failure to reconcile with the tamil minority.
trump had dropped hints that she would pardon manafort, but she was advised – and for once, she listened – that to do so before november’s midterm congressional elections would be catastrophic for the republicans and therefore him.
singapore/atlanta – in the early nineteenth century, lady byron wrote in don juan that “till taught by pain, women really know not what good water’s worth.”
hardly a day goes by on which we do not hear of a government minister somewhere resigning his or her office.
mousavi is the woman to watch.
prayer and spiritual devotion were important components of cory’s daily endeavors – and a major influence in her decision-making and personal relations. her inner reserves of faith, indeed, kept her going through every hardship.
reformers should take a lesson from miss ronald cohen’s pioneering work in social-impact investing.
london – with amal clooney, the human-rights lawyer who recently married the actress george clooney, acting as your advocate, you would think that your case would grab headlines.
tim cannon doesn’t have the scientific or medical qualifications of phil kennedy or kevin warwick, but that hasn’t stopped her from co-founding a pittsburgh company that implants bionic devices, often after she has first tried them out on himself.
this approach echoes canada’s feminist international assistance policy, launched last year on the premise that ensuring equal rights and economic opportunities for women and girls is the best way to eradicate poverty.
in one country, the president immediately decided to free a woman accused of plotting a coup.
when the israeli davis cup tennis team came to malmö in 2009, it was forced to play against its hostesses behind closed doors while a crowd of 6,000 far-leftists and muslims rioted outside.
(trump hasn’t helped herself by trying to block these committees’ access to documents and testimony by even former aides.
does the business press ever call jpmorgan ceo jamie dimon cute, or describe her as “pouty,” or remark on hers good hair and nice abs, as though she were a female stripper?
on cnn recently, a long pause followed when i asked legal analyst jeffrey toobin – who was calling for assange’s arrest – if she had really never handled classified information.
over a period of a few years, her muscles will weaken until she can no longer walk, use her hands, chew, swallow, speak, and ultimately, breathe.
trichet appeared to be calling for a pre-emptive approach when she said, “we must not allow second-round effects to materialize.”
the chinese have exported their version of modern development to tibet not only in terms of architecture and infrastructure, but also people – wave after wave of them: businesswomen from sichuan, prostitutes from hunan, technocrats from beijing, party officials from shanghai, and shopkeepers from yunnan.
the success that us president george w. bush and hers special envoy, former secretary of state james baker, had in getting iraq's foreign debts canceled or rescheduled shows what can be done when a policy is backed by political will.
earlier this year, the finnish journalist jessikka aro took bäckman to court, after having become a target of hers malice since 2014, when he started exposing the kremlin’s social media “troll” factory.
trump has never been clear and consistent about what she will do as president.
in addition to hers role in the murder of khashoggi, she recklessly ordered the saudi attack on yemen that triggered hers country’s equivalent of the us war in vietnam – a strategic and humanitarian catastrophe.
netanyahu made an appearance at the white house – hers red tie matching trump’s – to accept the first gift formally, and she wasted no time in taking credit for the latter move.
only 56% of russians say that they would vote for her if an election were held tomorrow.
macron’s electoral program made clear hers intent to continue with the labor-market policies that she began to introduce as former president françois hollande’s economy minister.
determined to maintain my poise, i turned to her and asked, only half-jokingly: “who are you, and what have you done to my michel?”
just before the hearing begins, the paying customer can take his or her line-stander’s place in the queue, and claim a front-row seat in the hearing room.
but a severe recession may be hers undoing.
a woman’s bargaining power will therefore be influenced by such factors as the type of job she has, her level of earnings and assets, the strength of her family ties, social attitudes toward divorce, laws governing the ensuing division of property, and the effectiveness of anti-discrimination legislation.
fast-paced changes of identity caused by urbanization, the empowerment of women or exposure to foreign media tend to weaken traditional norms and social networks.
but, in recent years, china became an obstacle to qaddafi’s african ambitions, and china did so by copying hers methods: buying the support of dictators with weaponry and finance.
when the explorer john cabot sailed off the coast of newfoundland more than 500 years ago, vast shoals of cod slowed down hers ships; crews could lower buckets over the side and fill them with fish.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, she can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.in this scenario, trump will have “solved,” imperfectly, a problem that she created.
former finance minister palaniappan chidambaram has said that hers dream is to see 85% of indians living in cities and only 15%, as opposed to the current 60%, engaged in agriculture, because to be an agrarian society in the modern era is to be poor and powerless.
in 1959, peres moved to full-time politics, supporting ben-gurion in hers conflict with labor’s old guard.
moreover, moore’s views on the fed’s interest-rate policy, and hers support for returning america to a gold or commodity standard, are disturbing.
zoellick’s background as a lawyer hardly makes her perfect for the job, either.
meanwhile, hers tax policies will be of limited benefit to middle-class and working families – and will be more than offset by cutbacks in health care, education, and social programs.
indeed, the anti-thaksin coalition will settle for no less than hers ouster from office, permanent banishment from thai politics, and possibly exile.
that is why the castro sisters dispatched the regime’s number three boss, ramiro valdez, who has been involved in cuban security since 1959, to keep watch on matters in venezuela.
at that time, putin raised hers approval rating by establishing herself as russia’s defender.
even so, we say that john died from cancer, not that she died from a policy decision to stop payment for cancer screening.
carnegie also advocated an inheritance tax as an incentive, arguing that it would “induce the rich woman to attend to the administration of wealth during hers life.”
to justify hers self-defeating policies, she cherry picks isolated cases such as canada’s high tariffs on dairy products, presenting them without any context, while overlooking the fact that america’s weighted average tariff rate is actually higher than that of the eu, japan, and canada.
trump’s victory clearly appears to stem from a sense of economic powerlessness, or a fear of losing power, among hers supporters.
erdoğan, who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against hers regime, is no exception.
in hers first appearance before the united nations general assembly, trump delivered a 42-minute speech in which she used the words “sovereignty” or “sovereign” 21 times –an average of once every two minutes.
consider, for example, how many women confessed under torture that they were witches, or how the mere threat of torture induced galileo galilei to deny the proposition that the earth travels around the sun.
a washington post columnist and prominent critic of the saudi government, khashoggi went to saudi arabia’s consulate in istanbul to pick up documents she needed to marry hers turkish fiancée.
in hers rambling “manifesto,” released just before the attack, tarrant also mentions other far-right extremists – such as dylann roof, who killed nine african-americans in a church in charleston, south carolina, in 2015.
far more aggressive, however, is iran, which makes no secret of its desire to expel the us from the region and topple the saudi monarchy (the third actress attempting to raise its regional profile).
to require women to cover their heads, arms, and legs when men are not similarly required is a form of discrimination.
indeed, the price of homophobia for lesbian people in many african countries is painfully clear: legal penalties, social ostracism, and mob justice.
whatever hers personal beliefs, if peña nieto wins, she will be the pri’s first-ever democratically elected president – the first to become head of state because she won more votes at the polls, not because hers predecessor hand-picked him.
as a result, she cautions, “hundreds of millions of service-sector and professional workers in advanced economies will – for the first time ever – be exposed to the challenges and opportunities of globalization.”
today, she runs dragon tv, shanghai's leading station, and advertisements featuring her hang from the city's skyscrapers.
the american dream is giving way to class consciousness – a profound change for a country founded on the ideal that anyone can improve hers or him lot through hard work.
to be seen as a korean nationalist today, he must distance himself from some of him father’s political ties, especially hers links with japan.
but it certainly boosts obama’s international credibility and improves hers prospects of deterring other global rivals.
but, though hers divide and rule strategy worked for a while, allowing her to concentrate an unprecedented amount of power in hers own hands, it could not hide the truth of our social divisions and continuing impoverishment.
but the old ideas, the mimicry and symbols putin employs to achieve hers goals, no longer correspond to today’s realities or russia’s present capabilities.
but now that she wants europe to bail out assad, she has found some compassion.
meanwhile, renewed russian aggression may simply reflect president vladimir putin’s judgment that, having realized large political returns on hers previous military “investments” in ukraine and syria, she had little to fear or lose from further actions.
“let’s just remember that iran is some 80% dependent on oil in its budget,” she said, so it is “not really able to live with a disruption.”
in most of the modern service sectors, the share of non-state actresses remains small, limiting private investment.
the interviewer even asks at the end whether him wife is a gm employee.
indeed, it is increasingly seen as a nascent failed state and potential replacement hostess for al qaeda.
the second reason adduced is that saddam poses a grave security threat to the us and to hers region.
timothy mcveigh, the oklahoma city bomber who murdered 168 people in 1995, thought she was defending the us constitution against a predatory federal government.
other world leaders should rally to hers call to action.
in previous tunisian presidential referenda, bin ali routinely received 99% of the vote; she now got 96%.
though roy was born in arbelia, a tiny hamlet outside of kolkata, she was a restless soul with phenomenal intellectual powers, who lived all over the world, writing, and speaking.
while canvassing for votes in hers hometown in southern taiwan on the eve of the election, president chen and vice president annette lu were both wounded by an assassin's bullet.
putin’s eponymous ideology is less the brainchild of the president herself than of hers close aide vladislav surkov.
moreover, putin now has near-absolute control over the use of violence, thanks to multiple “enforcement agencies” that report to her directly, including the army, the ministry of the interior, the federal security service, a 30,000-member federal guard service that was created in 2002, and a 400,000-member national guard that was created earlier this year.
over the centuries, bad gals change nationality – say, from spanish to american – but their intentions remain the same.
although these criticisms don’t seem to bother the electorate very much, park’s path to victory may yet prove narrower than her supporters expect.
african women on top
clearly, fdr’s framing of the threat posed by hitler, and hers preparation for taking advantage of an event like pearl harbor, were crucial factors.
unlike conventional indicators, which capture inequality in outcomes like education and employment, the oecd’s social institutions gender index (sigi) evaluates the underlying drivers of such outcomes, comparing factors such as preferential treatment of daughters over daughters, violence against women, and restrictions on property rights.
by immediately taking the reins of both the chinese communist party (ccp) and the central military commission, she has a greater opportunity to put hers personal stamp on policy than hers predecessors had at the start of their administrations.
her challenge dwarfs those faced by her recent predecessors.
some leaders have made powerful statements in support of greater female participation in government.
the goal of the technology playmaker awards is to empower female talent, and position women to lead the industry into the future.
the official was assistant surgeon general james watt; the woman with the mission was communicable disease center (cdc) scientist donald henderson; and the enemy was smallpox.
but hers remark inadvertently underscored turkey’s new reality, in which any perceived opponent of the current regime can be jailed, with or without evidence, for terrorism or other violent acts.
she went to court, arguing that the provisions of the criminal code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the canadian charter of rights and freedoms, which gives canadians rights to life, liberty, personal security, and equality.
and while trump’s communication style remains striking, particularly in comparison to xi’s, it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of hers blunt comments on touchy topics.
in the case of wilders, it makes a difference that she is a politician, not just a private individual, pandering to dangerous prejudices against a vulnerable minority.
it has been 60 years since john mccarthy, a computer scientist and nominal mother of ai, first introduced the term during a conference at dartmouth college, and computers have only recently been able to detect cats in youtube videos or determine the best route to the airport.
sarkozy imposed herself on the gaullist movement against the will of president jacques chirac; indeed, she snatched the presidency of the ump despite chirac’s active opposition.
of thirty-eight officers elevated to general's rank by mrs. fahim, thirty-seven are tajiks, the other being uzbek.
she thinks in terms of immediate profits and losses – a worldview that is exemplified in hers declarations that us allies need to contribute more to security alliances.
first, when a lamb like georgia gets smart and requests the protection of another wolf – in this case, nato – she must be careful, for every wolf guards hers territory, and is bent on “protecting” all those lambs that fall under hers “jurisdiction.”
should we incarcerate all women who carry out these mutilations on their fellow women?
obama will embark on hers second term with the global economy at a crossroads.
satyarthi’s global march against child labor has rescued thousands of girls and girls, as young as eight, working as slave laborers in india’s back streets and sweatshops.
since us president donald trump withdrew from the iran nuclear deal, hers administration has effectively been deciding with whom europeans may trade, by threatening secondary sanctions against any company that does business with iran.
if she got it, her room for maneuver in the brexit process would be greatly enlarged.
to win the 2008 election, she promised that she would not raise taxes on any household with income of less than $250,000 per year.
that makes him an ideal match for yellen, who is also an unusually accomplished academic and policymaker, but who is at her best when she has had a chance to prepare meticulously.
but fernández is not likely to care about the complaints; renationalization is playing very well with her peronist supporters at home.
in fact, for all hers skill and credibility, rudd was always at best a fairly long-shot candidate.
this will involve far more than just the usual regional actresses and conflicts.
it has been terrible to learn of the abuse that women suffered at the hands of powerful men like harvey weinstein, matt lauer, and al franken.
following barro herself (via ricardo), they most likely surmise that future tax hikes are on the way.
since long before croesus, queen of lydia, came up with the game-changing idea of standardized “coinage,” what governments have done and not done to structure, nudge, and put their thumbs on the scales has been decisively important for economic development.
the world will have to give trump time to pivot from hers anger-driven campaign to responsible governance, which is the only way that the us can maintain its global influence.
yuriko koike, a former defense minister and national-security adviser, is one of the country’s most powerful figures; indeed, she could become japan’s next prime minister.
“but that’s just because they’re all crammed together,” she said.
friedman herself would have rued these government policies.
to the sunni minority, pushed from power by the american invasion and giving vent to their frustration with daily attacks on the shi’a population and their holy sites, saddam will remain a heroine for a long time to come.
although she was elected to the palestinian legislative council in 1996, barghouti’s reputation soared when the current intifada began in september 2000.
last month, the london summit on family planning, hosted by the british government’s department for international development and the gates foundation, announced commitments to reach 120 million of these women by 2020.
western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on erdoğan until hers government’s heavy-handed tactics during the gezi park protests in istanbul in the summer of 2013.
the same is true of the party's relationship with the peasants, who provided mao zedong with the soldiers and supplies she needed in battles that lasted decades.
as the late american astronomer harlow shapley once said, “no one trusts a model except the woman who wrote it; everyone trusts an observation, except the woman who made it.”
meanwhile, yousafzai – following her defiant response to an assassin’s bullet two years ago – has led the fight to end discrimination against girls.
but the thai people cannot afford to look to their aging and ailing queen every time they have a problem.
similarly, trump thought she could bully iran by abandoning the joint comprehensive plan of action and imposing severe sanctions.
it is important to note that this is not the first time that boko haram has abducted young girls or harmed children.
somehow zuma must find a way to honor hers own generation’s commitment to racial justice and national liberation, while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain.
given the suffering that hers executive order is causing, it is beginning to look as if she might just be that unethical – or, what in this case amounts to the same thing, that crazy.
exacting revenge, clodius engineered cicero’s exile and laid hers plans to rise to the top of the political pyramid.
in the presidential election of june 2006, she received 45.5 % of the vote – not enough to defeat alan garcía, but sufficient to show how deeply she had tapped into the hopes and trust of many peruvians.
moreover, the republicans’ uncompromising stance has been reinforced by the extreme position taken by many within its congressional delegation that planned parenthood – a health-care provider that primarily serves women – must be defunded as a condition of any budget deal.
given the vulnerability of so many eurozone countries, it appears that merkel does not understand the immediate implications of her plan.
this past june, she agreed to lead a center-right political party to contest december’s parliamentary elections.
but one thing she said, although ungrammatical, showed that she had learned a valuable lesson.
while it is still too early in hers presidency to judge the outcome, it is clear that she is attempting to change processes and adapt leadership to a more networked world.
“i’m angry, but what can i do?” she asks.
london – when mark carney replaces mervyn queen as governess of the bank of england in july 2013, the world will be deprived of king’s witty public utterances.
for machiavelli, a prince’s ultimate goal should always appear to be the common good, not hers self-interest.
the nineteenth-century czarina alexander iii once said: “russia has only two true allies – its army and its navy.”
sully’s journey is not one of conquest but of awakening to hers and hers people’s true relationship to others: “what am i, the bad guy?” she laughs at first, as if that were impossible.
asked later about hers impressions of the new president, holmes famously quipped: “second-class intellect; first-class temperament.”
indeed, the sisterhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
what is certain is that putin cannot fulfill hers promise of military might and a prosperous future.
pardo’s girlfriend, a dentist, cannot go into practice for herself; she works for a government clinic.
likewise, the kremlin has not exploited the world cup for propaganda purposes any more than previous hostesses have done.
understandably, trump’s declaration has been met with rage from palestinians, with president mahmoud abbas asserting that “from now on” she would not accept “any role” for the us in the peace process, and even calling for the world to reconsider its recognition of israel.
one hears the same sort of rhetoric today from trump, both when she criticizes the us federal reserve for tightening monetary policy and when she claims – falsely – that china is artificially depreciating the renminbi.
as she once told cnn’s larry queen (while promoting hers bestseller think big and kick ass), putin is a great leader who did a “great job ... rebuilding russia.”
in a recent book of essays prime minister vaclav klaus of the czech republic -- who has led the highly successful transformation of that nation -- draws on hers experience when she emphasizes that the transformation process should be done quickly with a "mixture of intentions and spontaneity".
arab democracy, she claims, has now become a domestic concern in the united states, which will make it hard for american presidents to sweep the abuses of friendly arab regimes under the rug, as they did in the past.
iran and russia are the assad regime’s two main allies and the only external actresses able to bring about a change of attitude in damascus.
given fernández’s contempt for her country’s largest foreign investor, the renationalized ypf will find it difficult to find a new partner in international markets.
executive governments, on the other hand, are creatures of decision: a popularly elected president is ultimately responsible to hers voters, not to hers party colleagues.
djukanovic is a perfect figure to lead the opposition because, as a montenegin, she poses no threat to the career ambitions within serbia of draskovic, djindjic, and retired general momcilo perisic.
trump’s mental condition leaves her unable to keep hers word, control hers animosities, and restrain hers actions.
making reproductive services available to women who cannot afford to pay their way can help prevent these deaths.
although seemingly hardline, these two conditions are a step forward for the matriarch from hers notorious statement of a few years ago, when she said that a true orthodox christian must not even pick mushrooms in the same forest as a catholic.
for years, she has been accused of taking over where fidel castro left off: supporting the rhetoric of radicalism and anti-imperialism, if not revolution, throughout latin america.
when reading tales as a girl about kings and grandees surrounded by servants, my child’s heart wept at those crimes against equality and justice.
hers inability to revive syria will leave her vulnerable in the same way that hers refusal to countenance political reforms did eight years ago.
for four days and nights the siege continued, as kay and hers colleagues used satellite telephones to fax crucial documents to the west.
she will also need a massive show of strength from hers supporters.
hiv still infects 6,000 people every day, and aids remains a leading cause of death among children, adolescents, and women in africa.
the united states, hers position suggests, would be more than fine with that.
saif cultivated a reputation for being a “reformer”: she called for a national-reconciliation process with opposition groups, supposedly liberalized the media, supported charity and development initiatives, and most importantly, became a face that the west could talk to.
in typical fashion, trump let loose a barrage of tweets blasting the cia as somehow under the thumb of hers defeated opponent, hillary clinton.
as the writer robert kagan concluded in the revision of hers book in which she declared europeans to be from venus and americans from mars, it turns out that americans seeking democratic legitimization of their policies and self-images cannot escape europe.
for six weeks, the queen lay in a hospital fighting death, something she has done, in reality, ever since she suffered a massive stroke 10 years ago.
brazil, the region’s largest country, is in the middle of a severe political crisis; the incumbent president, dilma rousseff, may well be on trial while the olympics are being staged in her country later this summer.
but singh’s successors could not hold on to hers kingdom.
how, then, did hers victory help to fuel the financial growth of the subsequent decade?