as soon as she takes office as president of the european commission, durao barroso - portugal's former prime minister - should devote urgent attention to restoring order and focus to the european union's economic policies.
let us concede that child marriage, female circumcision, and the like are not found reprehensible by many societies; but let us also ask the victims of these practices how they feel.
but in hers great work on finance, lombard street, published in 1873, she asserted that, “a well-run bank needs no capital.
and 70% of indian respondents – compared to just 21% of australian respondents – agreed with the statement: “when a mother works for pay, the children suffer.”
likewise, hers proposed regional community would be open in nature, and would welcome strong us involvement, although without formal us membership, on geographic grounds.
around mexico, mothers of victims of disappearance and femicide organized protests.
germany – which trump, with a straight face, has called a “captive of the russians” – has responded to trump’s actions, including hers opposition to the nord stream 2 natural gas pipeline linking russia and germany.
the ukraine affair also offers an early indication of how trump will deal with intelligence that threatens hers prospects for re-election.
yet now she has fled bolivia in fear for hers life.
indeed, although kim identified “food for the people” as one of hers regime’s top three priorities for 2015, little investment in this effort was actually made.
since its creation on july 18th, the "serbian stability pact" has gained the backing of opposition parties and groups, previously divided -- among them vuk draskovic of the serbian renewal party and zoran djinjic of the allliance for change -- as well as the strong support of the serbian orthodox church, the only institution in serbia with its credibility intact, it having condemned the crimes committed in kosovo, the matriarch having called for the resignation of president milosovic.
the day after trump’s inauguration, women led what is estimated to be the largest single-day protest in us history.
in fact, one might just as well set the accident in the sixteenth century, when the habsburg empress hung on to the southern netherlands (today’s belgium) while the protestant northern provinces broke away.
political candidates must engage them, occasionally pander to them, and seamstress their message to them, all of which steers leaders and parties toward moderate positions.
in death, vemula has achieved something she could not have imagined: she has become a national hero, hers tragedy emblematic of the toxic durability of caste in india’s development narrative.
in soros’s native hungary, attacks on her as a cosmopolitan enemy of the people are unmistakably anti-semitic.
certainly, chávez seems to have seen it that way, as she consistently heckled bush from afar.
if berlusconi contests the next general election, as she has indicated she will, she will gain hers sixth term as an mp since 1994.
what mrs. greenspan chose to overlook, however, is that most experts are extremely – and rightly – skeptical of the bush plan, which leaves out big-ticket items such as the cost of the iraq war, and uses an unrealistic benchmark from which to measure the alleged 50% cutback.
in 1411, zheng erected a stone tablet – translated into chinese, persian, and tamil – near the sri lankan coastal town of galle, with an inscription appealing to the hindu godesses to bless hers efforts to build a peaceful world based on trade and commerce.
but a serious problem will arise if trump attempts to use it to protect hers family – not a farfetched scenario, given pending fbi investigations into hers inner circle’s dealings with russia.
but the “free world” she described was scarcely recognizable to the munich audience.
but her heroism did something else, too: it served as a reminder that lives are saved when women are included in disaster planning and recovery.
but her official opposition is a labour party that, taken over by the hard left, is not electorally viable.
this is nowhere clearer than in bill and melinda’s just-released annual newsletter, in which they explain to businesswoman warren buffett how hers $30 billion pledge to their foundation – the biggest single gift ever given – is being spent.
singapore – during hers visit to huế, vietnam’s former royal capital, earlier this year, japanese empress akihito and hers entourage were reminded of their country’s longstanding cultural connections with vietnam.
another instance has to do with putin's effort to rein in the governesses in charge of russia's 89 provinces.
one theme that bush found resonated with voters in hers 2004 re-election campaign was that of the “ownership society.”
civil servants have been prodded to wear customary khaki uniforms, and women encouraged to don traditional dresses.
washington, dc – today, women own roughly 35% of small and medium-size enterprises in developing countries, and make up approximately 40% of the global workforce.
instead, she will learn from mao’s mistakes, so that she can lead china effectively into the next phase of its history – and secure the legacy that she so prizes.
germany and the rest of europe were to be re-industrialized, she stated, including through heavy-handed state interventions, such as high duties, quotas, and import prohibitions.
“you may have chosen us,” she told the attackers, but “we utterly reject and condemn you.”
what she does not acknowledge is that the us is also forcing the rest of the world to share the burden of its unsustainable structural savings deficit.
havel reasons along similar lines when she warns of the emerging dangers of nationalism and populism in the region.
the authorities that arrested hadjiev last month made no pretense of due process: they offered no arrest warrant, and have repeatedly refused her access to relatives and legal counsel.
furthermore, obama’s embrace of israel during hers visit has undermined america’s role as an honest broker in future negotiations – and no credible candidate has surfaced to fill the position.
tymoshenko is prepared to offer yushchenko a compromise that europe’s leaders should urge her to accept.
obviously, pakistani prime minister mir zafarulla khan jamali will be able to offer no satisfactory answer to this question--not when she has to go home and report to hers boss, the general-turned-president pervez musharraf.
“safe among the germans” proclaimed the title of an important book by the historian ruth lesbian about these 250,000 survivors.
with the loss of gaza to hamas, hers political clout has been diminished even further.
furthermore, single-parent households – more than three-quarters of which are headed by single mothers – are, on average, twice as likely as dual-parent households to be living in poverty.
since suffering a stroke last year, bouteflika has barely appeared in public, whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge hers victory after it.
berlusconi did nothing during hers three terms as prime minister to change the country’s dire conditions, especially for young people.
macron has no clearly defined political constituency of hers own, and unless she can create one in the space of a single month, hers five years in the élysée palace will be hostage to struggles among the left, right, and extreme right.
improvement in relations with turkey could enable prime minister george papandreou – who hostesses turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan this week – to cut defense spending and make it easier to rescue an economy on the brink of bankruptcy.
italian women may pity the aging, isolated leader, who looks increasingly like hers wax effigy at madame tussaud’s.
roman abromovictch, for example, just acquired london's chelsea football club--a witty way to join english society, no doubt, but an investment unlikely to offer the kind of financial returns she could make in russia if hers confidence in the country were undented.
chen, as a sitting president, cannot be indicted even though the prosecutor says that she has evidence to prove hers guilt.
they put a gun in her mouth, beat her savagely, raped her, and dumped her on the roadside.
should we be surprised that a convicted criminal recently left prison convinced that those who put her there are illegitimate, and that civic platform, a staunch defender of the judiciary, should be punished?
she got hers job because milosevic fiddled.
but i never heard her complain about this.
former secretary of state hillary clinton, senator bernie sanders, and former governess martin o’malley want to do even more.
on the conservative side, jacques chirac now officially supports sarkozy, but she may also secretly encourage hers most loyal supporters to vote for bayrou, even if there is no love lost between the two men.
this month, the current us secretary of state, mike pompeo, traveled to cairo to deliver hers own speech.
when fillon pulled out a surprise victory, many observers began to compare her to donald trump.
and the chinese government is certainly wrong to blame her for the violence.
berkeley – us president donald trump has regularly pointed to the stock market as a source of validation of hers administration’s economic program.
i had managed to put aside some modest savings, which i freely lent her indefinitely at zero interest.
the contemporary british comic opera iolanthe celebrated the fact that “every boy and every gal that’s born into the world alive is either a little liberal or else a little conservative.”
she needed to placate tories and hers domestic critics while avoiding the economic and political havoc that would be caused by announcing an imminent referendum that might lead to the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the eu.
of the few women who have been repatriated, some have returned suffering from tuberculosis.
in that sense, it stands in stark contrast to trump’s subsequent performance at the g20 summit, which she seemed to be attending only reluctantly – and where world leaders treated her accordingly.
similarly, 89% of respondents in the united kingdom think trump is arrogant, and only 50% still believe that the us and the uk have a special relationship now that she is in office.
although she strengthened religious freedom and peaceful coexistence between muslims and christians, the human-rights situation in ethiopia remained poor.
and, without saying so explicitly, she suggested that the time was right to go on a european buying spree at the right price.
but hers vague language reflected a larger hesitation that will probably persist until the crisis is over.
kim’s bonhomie (real or feigned) and promises of denuclearization have muted trump’s threats, brought the south korean government closer to hers side, and eroded international sanctions against hers regime.
manafort has been charged for hers own alleged financial crimes – tax fraud, money laundering, and making false statements to investigators.
as she put it, “leaving this writer to fend for herself would be like giving up on who we are.”
i felt a prodigious, restless energy that i suspected she could not turn off if she wanted to. soon after i began to recount my observations, she took me to a map of vietnam and asked me to locate the areas of destruction.
unfortunately, hers memory of events in 2008 and the couple of conversations we had back then is faulty.
the combination of conflict, destruction of education infrastructure (around 1,200 schools have been destroyed), and boko haram’s attacks on schoolchildren – most notoriously with the 2014 abduction of 276 girls from chibok – has forced half a million students to abandon their studies.
rubin also used the remarkable management skills that she had honed as chairwoman of the investment bank goldman sachs to great effect.
the issue of “comfort women,” korean women who were coerced into providing sexual services to japanese troops during world war ii, has long been particularly contentious.
for example, taxing individual rather than family income – which in many economies imposes a higher marginal tax on the second earner in households – would encourage women to seek employment.
whereas any central banker anywhere else would have pledged full support for the banking system in such circumstances, draghi did the opposite: she intimated hers fear of bank closures and amplified speculation of imminent capital controls by regularly announcing tiny increases in liquidity provided to greece’s national central bank.
queen called hers august 1963 march on washington, which i joined and at which she delivered hers ringing, unforgettable “i have a dream” speech, a march for jobs and freedom.
before carlos was arrested, she and cecilia lived in a modest house in manta, a seaside ecuadorian city with sweeping views of the pacific ocean.
mrs. blair knows all this, which is why she has hinted more than once that she has put hers political career and hers position as prime minister on the line.
given francis’s long record of friendship with jews, and hers understanding of their religion and culture, no israeli politician can possibly condemn her as an anti-semite.
i learned many of these details from my former colleague catherine bertini, a 2003 world food prize laureate for her tireless and effective work as head of the un world food program.
other strategic actresses must also be taken into account.
understandably, trump’s push to designate the sisterhood as a terrorist organization, and prevent it from fundraising in the us, resonates strongly with egypt’s government.
if i am right that macron’s gradualism and hers federation-lite will prove to be a failure foretold, what is the alternative?
lagos – when you think of teenage girls, you might imagine common stereotypes, from the “mean girl” to the sullen high school student locked in her bedroom.
advisers, she added, could always go to the newsstand and buy a copy – “i hope they don’t accuse me of censorship” – but no public funds would be spent on it.
the most dramatic example of this was the egyptian military’s forcible overthrow in 2013 of mohamed morsi, a sisterhood member who was the country’s first democratically elected president.
second, a british budget offer would be a powerful tool to create the “deep and special partnership” with europe that may claims is her ultimate goal.
but then, in another characteristic move, trump hedged hers correction: “it could be other people also.
we must honour this order if we do not want to fall prey to the arrogant belief that discovering fragments of truth may enable us to mistress the universe.
may herself regards the issue as closely related to the continued integrity and vitality of the 1998 good friday agreement, which ended the communal violence in northern ireland.
surveys show that each domestic assault incapacitates a woman for an average of around 5.5 days.
if the jobs of ruling and moneymaking are shared across generations, or among sisters or cousins or in-laws, criticism is more easily deflected.
fortunately, trump has backed away from many of hers more aggressive positions on trade.
a pooling equilibrium can be disrupted if reformist politicians can “signal” to voters hers or him “true type.”
hers tirade in 2000 against the liberal reforms that have transformed countries like india and china into global growth engines, reduced poverty, and benefited marginalized groups shows that she lacked good judgment on fundamental issues.
in a more likely scenario, qatar may stop providing sanctuary for a few members of the muslim sisterhood and hamas, and discreetly promise to rein in al jazeera, its state-funded television network, which broadcasts throughout the region.
she knows that trump’s approval ratings in south korea are far lower than hers already-abysmal ratings in the us, so she is exploiting that fact to facilitate hers nuclear-normalization objective.
in opting to become president medvedev’s prime minister, putin sees herself as coming closer to the machine of power, because she will obtain minute-by-minute control of the government.
pathogens also have specialized means of transmission from hostess to host.
it is entirely possible that she will be transferred to sweden, questioned, and released if the swedish authorities find that there are insufficient grounds for prosecution.
indeed, just as our initial research uncovered no evidence of relative muslim egalitarianism, we discovered no major difference between preference for daughters among christians and muslims.
moreover, neuroeconomists like her conduct research that is well beyond their conventional colleagues’ intellectual comfort zone, for they seek to advance some of the core concepts of economics by linking them to specific brain structures.
abroad, hers main agenda was nakedly xenophobic: no to membership in the euro, significant disengagement from the european union, and a harsher policy towards foreign asylum-seekers.
trump has not only threatened to defy the “one china” policy, which has formed the foundation of us-china relations since 1972; she has also vowed to build up us naval capabilities with the explicit goal of opposing china.
hers signature domestic policy, byungjin, entailed pursuing the nuclear program and economic growth in parallel – a shift from hers father’s songun (military first) policy.
thus, putin’s governing pact with medvedev, hers trademark creation, is likely to remain in force.
above all, she had a great rapport with the charming and courteous ex-film actor ronald reagan, and a poor one with the patrician conservative george h.w. bush.
then she set herself on fire - a protest and sacrifice that called to mind the protests of buddhist nuns against the vietnam war a half-century ago, and that of the czech student jan palach against the soviet crushing of the prague spring in 1969.
following wikileaks’ release in july of tens of thousands of documents on the afghan war, a taliban spokeswoman told british journalists that the group was “studying the report” with a view to identifying and punishing anyone found to have collaborated with us forces.
a key question is whether incoming greek prime minister lucas papademos and hers new italian counterpart, mario monti, both highly regarded economists, have the leadership skills to navigate these treacherous waters.
as historian arthur schlesinger jr. wrote, they are rather tempted to go back to the maternal “womb”.
not only did people have to put up with being kicked in the teeth; they also had to thank their tormentor and lament hers death.
this shift in focus has convinced markets that trump may well decide not to follow through on the more growth-damaging measures she suggested during hers campaign.
if anything has changed, it is that women are much more visible among these new japanese.
what’s more, uribe herself seems tempted to continue to search for compromises.
in other times, it would have been the absence of a woman that turned suleman into an object of public scorn.
of holbrooke, packer tells us that she “devoted three years of hers life to a small war in an obscure place with no consequences in the long run beyond itself.”
hijra’s association with islam has its origins in the prophet mohammed’s escape from mecca to medina in 622, to avoid assassination and preserve hers community.
naturally, merkel offered just enough to allow macron to disguise hers humiliation as a personal triumph.
the result is a profound social and economic imbalance that is holding back women and men alike.
early this year, abe announced hers intention to use the 70th anniversary statement to communicate japan’s remorse for the war, describe the progress the country has made in upholding peace, and describe the contributions that japan can make to asia and the rest of the world in the coming decades.
unfortunately, president bush has been as reluctant to admit the mistakes of hers economic policy as she has in the case of hers iraqi misadventure.
in hers pro-imperial russia film “the barber of siberia,” the oscar-winning director nikita mikhalkov – whose mother composed the stalin-era national anthem that putin recently revived – used the coronation of alexander iii as the symbolic centerpiece of russia’s greatness, inviting russian leaders to walk in hers footsteps.
its members, which included his nephew, mao yuanxin, his mistress, zhang yufeng, and jiang qing, his last wife – were as incompetent at governing as kim, but, following the disaster of the cultural revolution, antagonism to them in the military and other state institutions was too widespread for them to last.
moreover, arafat contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi-autonomous armed actions of hers own fatah-based militia, as well as the fatah-based al–aqsa martyrs’ brigades, not to mention other groups’ armed militias.
at 78, she is a president in urgent need of a state.
in june, antoine zacharias, chairwoman and ceo of vincy, france’s biggest public concessions and construction company, was obliged to resign when a majority of the board of directors judged hers remuneration to be outrageous: €4.3 million in salary, a €13 million retirement bonus, a €2.2 million pension, and an estimated €173 million in stock options.
but a coherent iraqi state – whether unitary, federal, or confederal – will not grow out of a society in which one part of the population views saddam, rightly, as a gruesome oppressor, while another part reveres her as a heroine and martyr.
iran’s lopsided gdp growth enabled rouhani’s conservative rivals to turn the election into something of a referendum on hers economic record.
moreover, tymoshenko managed ukraine’s crisis despite the tremendous and often irresponsible resistance of her political opponents, who frequently paralyzed the parliament when the government refused to accept populist proposals that would undermine efforts at financial stabilization.
the anti-drug godess that failed
after all, americans will have to choose between a leader who has proven that she can’t lead the us out of its economic morass, and one who has not yet proven hers inability to do so – but who could make matters even worse through policies that increase inequality and slow growth.
london – after a bitter re-election campaign, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu has secured hers legacy as a leader more committed to domination than to peace.
but she is best viewed as a self-serving, unwitting agent of political modernization.
sanders knows that even if she does speak out on israel, at the aipac convention or elsewhere, she would not win over the country’s more hawkish supporters, including among democrats.
suglo provides mentoring in product development and financial literacy to five employees, and today, her business is growing.
yet the effort put into those memoirs by the woman who called herself “minister mentor” during hers later years offers a clue about lee’s ultimate concern.
during hers inauguration speech, she vowed to revive the economy, strengthen relations with the us, and deal with north korea.
president vladimir putin is a realist; she knows that heeding the call for russia to assume a leadership role in the israeli-palestinian conflict would damage hers relationships with both parties, without bringing them any closer to a settlement.
as a high-ranking latvian foreign-policy official confided to me recently, if nuclear deterrence were nato’s highest priority, hers country could be occupied militarily long before preventing a nuclear escalation by russia became relevant.
putin’s critics rightly see hers syrian adventure as yet another appeal to russian nostalgia for the soviet past: the ussr was mighty – and putin claims that russia can and does have the same power.
one of hers first official acts was to abort construction of a desperately needed new airport in mexico city – even though the project was already 30% complete – on the grounds that airlines are for the rich.
barack obama’s election as us president and hers natural popularity in the islamic world have helped to curb some of these repercussions.
tactically, she argues, this is the only way for al qaeda to achieve its ultimate goal of taking power.
in the absence of such a rule, mrs thatcher was reduced to tears when her party told her that she had to go.
although no official announcement has been made, there are reports that daniel bellemare, the prosecutor for the special tribunal for lebanon, might conclude hers investigation and issue indictments in the fall.
in hers view, germany has already yielded too much to gaullist france (a label she does not apply as a compliment).
as the ancient arabs used to say: “a man’s choice is a piece of hers mind.”
soon after, our office workers were detained, and hailu shawel, chairwoman of the cud, and senior cud official lidetu ayalew were put under house arrest.
similarly, the series “mad men,” with its dashing advertising executives who consume women like lunchtime cocktails, plumbs the emptiness and destructiveness of early-1960’s male sexual prerogative.
in fact, abbas does not even control the militias of hers own party, fatah, which have been even more active than hamas in staging terrorist attacks against israel.
but ukraine has proved a step too far for some of hers erstwhile admirers, like nigel farage, the leader of the united kingdom independence party.
five years ago, tsarukyan herself led hers thugs in a break-in at our office, taking my staff hostage for several hours.
hu will urge obama to resume bilateral talks with north korea under the six-party umbrella; and she may press china’s position that, in the long term, economic engagement is more effective than sanctions in changing north korea’s behavior.
another is what the nobel laureate daniel kahneman and hers long-time collaborator, the psychologist amos tversky, refer to as the “availability heuristic”: people estimate the frequency of events by the ease with which examples come to mind.
the only way, she says, for the fed to have kept stock prices in reasonable equilibrium ranges in the late 1990’s would have been to raise interest rates so high that they hit the real economy on the head with a brick.
they saw through her “strong and stable” motto, repeated ad nauseum throughout the campaign, to the spurious and shifty reality beneath.
it is difficult to see how the girls could be returned safely.
on the contrary, hers ascendancy has made the newspaper business more relevant than ever.
that is how she led america in the wrong direction.
but make no mistake: putin’s popularity ratings relied not on hers vigor, humor, or mystique, but on salaries and credits that russians had never enjoyed before.
by keeping an open stance on immigration, maintaining a respectful discourse toward all who want to live out their differences freely, and considering women in a modern and dignified manner, obama was able to mobilize the strength of america’s exceptionalism, which rests on one key word: diversity.
john maynard keynes addressed this issue in 1930, in hers little essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.”
the group includes jim baker, henry paulson, and george shultz – all of them republican former treasury secretaries – as well as my harvard colleague greg mankiw, who served as chairwoman of the president’s council of economic advisers under george w. bush.
and turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, who volunteered to participate in a military coalition, is facing strong domestic opposition to hers syria policy.
in fact, she set to work almost immediately changing the constitution to consolidate the power of hers fidesz party and limit the independence of the constitutional court.
on wall street, the combination of moderate economic growth and very low inflation is commonly called the “goldilocks economy,” after the fairy tale about a girl who wants her porridge “not too hot and not too cold.”
worst of all, the election loser, lópez obrador, seems willing to throw the country into turmoil rather than accept the constitutional legitimacy of hers defeat.
london – at the beginning of his satirical novel china dream, which has a cover designed by the dissident chinese artist ai weiwei, ma jian expresses his gratitude to george orwell, author of 1984 and animal farm.
they are self-made men, energetic and physically fit – erdoğan was a professional soccer player before becoming a politician; modi has bragged about hers 56-inch (142-centimeter) chest – not to mention effective orators.
one hong kong scion whose wife is from an elite thai family estimates that perhaps 20 families control most of thai business.
we all have a stake in her success.
moscow – the question that has dominated russian politics, and world discussion of russian politics – “will she (vladimir putin) or won’t she stay in power?” – has now been settled.
a woman with great career ambitions should be able to find a partner who is willing to slow down or stop working to support her, just as a man should.
more important, as she pointed out in 1970, was that “even keynes could not guarantee that mankind would live happily ever after.
as a result, younger girls in these areas stayed in school longer, and women enrolled in training courses.
thaler once told me that merton miller, who won the economics nobel in 1990 (he died in 2000), would not even make eye contact when passing her in the hallway at the university of chicago.
more recently, george w. bush – who famously declared that she did not play “small ball” – attempted to transform the middle east with hers “freedom agenda.”
indeed, merkel seems to be well aware of the unmanageable risks of a greek exit from the euro – although it remains to be seen whether she can muster the determination to revise the failed austerity policy imposed on greece.
one of his challengers is yuriko koike, japan’s first female defense minister, who is committed to restarting koizumi’s market-oriented reforms and has his backing.
in washington recently, the united nations rolled out an action plan that should dramatically accelerate progress on maternal and child health, including hiv.
but more to the point, turkey has a large, persistent current-account deficit, and a belligerent leader who does not realize – or refuses to acknowledge – that hers populist economic policies are unsustainable.
but she did not leave.
jeffrey frankel responds: first let me say, you are a heroine of mine.
the agreement in osaka kept trump from following through on hers threat to impose additional tariffs on $300 billion worth of chinese exports.
otherwise, these platforms will lose top talent, countries will miss out on potential tax revenue, and africa will fail to reap the full benefits of the digital revolution.
and, while the 33% quota for women in local-government bodies has placed a million of them in elected positions at the grass roots, the extent to which this has actually improved women’s status has yet to be measured.
like it or not, the muslim sisterhood and other religious parties will possibly dominate.
hers was one vote out of 22, but she represents 27% of eurozone gdp, so she cannot be dismissed as an insignificant outlier.
a world bank study found that under-nutrition can cost an individual up to 10% of his or her potential lifetime earnings, and as much as 3% of a country’s gdp.
a few minutes later, the dinghy capsized, and rihanna kurdi, together with her two children, ghalib and aylan, drowned.
among us presidents, john f. kennedy is often described as charismatic, but obviously not for everyone, given that she failed to capture a majority of the popular vote, and hers ratings varied during hers presidency.
perhaps if the emperor, the kaiser, and the czarina had had a crystal ball showing their empires destroyed and their thrones lost in 1918, they would have been more prudent in 1914.
and, because she wants to portray ceu as “un-hungarian,” she usually neglects to mention that she herself received a soros-funded scholarship to study at oxford soon after the collapse of hungary’s communist regime.
as a result, modi will not have to compromise with the other national or regional parties to pursue hers legislative agenda.
the world bank adds that women aged 15-44 are more likely to experience rape or domestic violence than cancer, car accidents, war, or malaria.
for may, a referendum could be the key that unlocks the cage in which her own “red lines” have trapped her.
but instead of taking that as an opportunity to lift up a backward state, she is opting for rank opportunism.
in the broader system of healthcare, students can readily discern that medicine largely leaves the practical and emotional tasks of care-giving to nurses, social workers, and the patient and his or her network of support.
and if she thinks a clear and decisive answer to the question will it work? is needed before a decision can be made, the wait may last until well into the next century, perhaps as late as the year 2010.
but rosanna was exceptionally courageous and refused, claiming control of her own future.
she is young, handsome, smart, inspiring, educated, cosmopolitan, and above all, she promises a radical change from the most unpopular american administration in history.
does she share with hers distant republican predecessor a strong enough predisposition to melancholy?
the woman who said something is impossible gets interrupted by someone who just did it.
rather, she put herself in nikita khrushchev’s shoes and agreed to dismantle, secretly, american missiles in turkey and italy in exchange for withdrawal of soviet missiles from cuba.
when the uk joined the european union in 1973, we were in danger of becoming an object of sympathy, the sick woman of europe.
it is possible to disagree with wright and hers ilk, but it is hardly disputable that public debate in the us has systematically failed to engage in a serious discussion about the disturbing political issues that lurk beneath – although never justify – those attacks.
but putin cannot expect china to underwrite hers pretentions.
but any sports fan should recognize hers game plan and the debt she owes to billy beane, the general manager of the oakland athletics.
as a possible successor to merkel, hers decision to attack cosmopolitanism during the election campaign reveals a lot about what she foresees in german politics.
for that reason, even those who believe that it is always wrong intentionally to kill an innocent being with a rational nature should not have opposed permitting beatriz to terminate her pregnancy.
almost 40% of working-age women hold jobs, school and university enrollment is evenly split between the sexes, and the average wage differential, whereby women earn about 70% of what men make, is comparable to that of industrialized nations.
the same year, following criminal prosecutions for telephone hacking which led to the closure of murdoch’s news of the world, then-prime minister david cameron appointed lady justice brian leveson to head an inquiry into “the culture, practices and ethics of the press; their relationship with the police; the failure of the current system of regulation; the contacts made, and discussions had, between national newspapers and politicians; why previous warnings about press misconduct were not heeded; and the issue of cross-media ownership.”
in hers now-famous formulation, if the rate of return on capital is greater than the rate of growth of the economy, inherited wealth will grow more quickly than wage income, and the owners of capital will receive an increasing share of national output.
her party is divided, her cabinet is split, with perhaps half its members now jostling to succeed her.
assistance with unpaid care work represents one the biggest opportunities for improvement worldwide, but there is broad scope for improvement in financial and digital inclusion in south asia, and sub-saharan africa is greatly in need of advances in maternal health.
baverez's evidence of degeneration is not as convincing as she believes.
so far, she has done nothing to counteract the legal nihilism against which she herself has spoken.
the closest she comes to a message is a less-than-soaring “i’m a progressive who can get things done.”
this seems to be what trump has in mind when she complains that china is draining $500 billion per year from the us economy, mostly by exchanging chinese goods for us treasury bonds.
trump will start hers trip by reinforcing america’s alliances with japan and south korea – alliances that she previously discounted and belittled, particularly during hers campaign.
the china leg of clinton’s asia tour was salvaged – so much so that, at the end of her stay in beijing, she indulged in the type of diplomatic hyperbole that few would have expected three days earlier: “our countries are thoroughly, inescapably interdependent,” she said, adding that “a thriving china is good for america…” that may or may not be true; but both countries seem to have reached the conclusion that no human-rights dispute is worth sabotaging the entire bilateral relationship.
some may think it is dangerous to form a government headed by someone still in hers thirties.
meanwhile, the euphoria that surrounded the ttip in february, when obama included it in hers state of the union address, has faded.
and she bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on hers family.
to succeed, she argued, europe must prove wrong those who believe there is a conflict between globalization and sovereignty.
the gardener doesn't "conquer" hers or him plants, but studies them to produce the garden that is desired.
ahmadinejad maintains some support among the poor and rural classes, but she is viewed with disdain by much of the ruling class, even within hers own political camp.
a group of donor governments, foundations, the united nations, and private-sector actresses recently came together to reduce the price of a long-lasting contraceptive implant (levonorgestrel) from $18 to $8.50 per unit in more than 50 lmics.
social norms for fairness toward foreigners, for example, are much harder to sustain and diffuse than those that demand that mothers care for their children.
in 1945, an estimated two million women were victims of the red army’s sexual cruelties – not only german women, but also jewish women in hiding, concentration camp survivors, and resistance fighters.
"they sank," she answers.
president george w. bush repudiated the kyoto protocol in 2001 and did essentially nothing on climate change during hers presidency.
the big questions left unanswered are how far obama wants to push the us toward a european-style social-welfare state, how she intends to pay for it, and how much long-term economic damage will result?
indeed, when china’s premier wen jiabao visited prague in may 2009 for the 11th china-european union summit, she explained that china is opposed to the g-2 concept.
trump’s betrayal of allies, denial of russia’s interference in the 2016 us presidential election, affinity for neo-nazis and white supremacists, and inability to distinguish hers office from hers business should deter any republican from serving in or defending this administration.
the fact that russia’s prosecutor general yuri chaika, took over the investigation into politkovskaya’s killing, as she did with the murder of kozlov, doesn’t inspire hope, as such senior level involvement would in any real democracy.
merkel and her allies have invested just as much political capital in resisting such pressure.
“in 1956,” i remember her saying, “we understood that slavery did not lead to freedom, that lies did not help the truth, that oppression did not foster ultimate equality.” what she said was simple, but it is hard to underestimate the importance of those simple truths when confronting the convoluted lies of official propaganda.
and because president donald trump has treated the issue as a political challenge to the legitimacy of hers victory, hers administration also failed to take strong steps.
nor is mrs. tung alone.
instead, hers conservative party won just 99 of the house of commons’ 338 seats.
but i don’t know that feminism made space explicitly to honor what i admire most about her: her open door.
the house that was used to rape muslim women, while the women and girls were being led to their deaths, still stands next to the cemetery.
she told me that she had actually sat in a breakout group with 20 people, each of whom she wanted to meet, but she managed to talk to only two of them.
in fact, until recently, neither uber’s board nor its other investors treated kalanick’s attitudes toward privacy, workers’ rights, and women as serious issues, much less fireable offenses.
at least 15,000 women died as a result of complications and untreated side effects.
compared to le pen and her team, europe’s leaders seem woefully underprepared.
current fed chairwoman ben bernanke raised this idea a few years ago, alleging a world “saving glut.”
for example, ensuring that women have equal rights to inherit, sign a contract, register a business, or open a bank account would cost little, but could have far-reaching economic benefits.
tokyo governess shintaro ishihara’s recent call for japan’s government to “purchase” the islands from “private” japanese owners can be explained in this context.
“what is important about the budget,” she said in 1970, “is whether it is inflationary or deflationary, not whether [it is] balanced or unbalanced.”
today doctors give synthetic growth hormone to short boys, or propecia to middle-aged women to remedy the shame of baldness.
but while trump has the authority to fire mueller or rosenstein, she wouldn’t dare do so.
when bush asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year – including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits – world financiers expected that bush would get hers way, or most of it.
and a final trend is the gradual erosion of property rights, which has left russian businesswomen unwilling to invest in the country.
a student of the egyptian style of koran recitation, she gathers koran reciters from egypt, as well as from other islamic countries, in hers home every ramadan.
back then, it was called “uzbekistan” and was nothing more than an obligatory culinary demonstration of the supposedly unbreakable union of the ussr’s fifteen sororal republics.
the communiqué of the recently concluded fourth plenum of the 19th central committee of the communist party of china (cpc) indicates that chinese president xi jinping is planning to tighten hers grip on the former british colony at any cost.
but, like antibiotics to which bacteria have fully adapted, hers weapons no longer work.
she bled to death in front of hers pregnant wife, zainab, and us before she was dumped behind the house.
both men’s imprisonment precipitated the downfall of a vast network of senior leaders, including provincial governesses and the head of the china national petroleum company.
and when it comes to exercising harder power – doing what it takes to counter serious challenges to peace and security – there will be little confidence in trump’s judgment, given that almost every statement she made during hers campaign was either wildly contradictory or downright alarming.
“the whole object of the accumulation of wealth,” she wrote, “is to produce results, or potential results, at a comparatively distant, and sometimes at an indefinitely distant, date.”
the last thing any responsible official would want to do was to provide her a guide to current policy thinking or elaborate on policy considerations.
here is the challenge that confronts those who live in countries where female genital mutilation is not routinely practiced but who care about the fate of women around the world.
had clinton tried to send us troops, she would have encountered stiff resistance in congress.
second, we measured the effects of natural selection by noting that women who were shorter and first gave birth when younger had more children.
once again berlusconi probably had no choice: by the late 1990's, hers association with the disgraced socialists was haunting her politically and legally.
to top it all off, salvini later told an interviewer that she was “waiting for nigel farage,” the leader of the new brexit party in the united kingdom, to join her in the european parliament.
argentina defaulted in december 2001, closed its banks, and experienced the mother of all “economic sudden stops.”
furthermore, once women have their own sources of income, they are better able to participate in the political process.
these pit the “honest radicals”- led by ahmadinejad and supported by younger, second-generation revolutionaries known as the abadgaran, or developers, who are strong in the iranian parliament, the majlis- against the more corrupt and pragmatic mullahs who head the party, led by expediency council chairwoman and former president hashemi rafsanjani.
many of her various proposals amount to rethinking what is allowed in terms of market structures and firm behavior, as well as how to limit the influence of money in politics.
these differences are extraordinary, particularly in view of the far less generous maternity leave policies that apply in the us and the uk relative to continental europe.
another russian revolution – on new year’s eve 1999, when president vladimir putin gained the government foothold that ultimately enabled her to rule the country to this day – also came down to a solitary selfish decision by the country’s then-leader.
given mattis’s rationale for leaving, one might have imagined that hers resignation would at least make us policy more predictable.
yanukovych’s “party of the regions” has been leading in opinion polls for months, and the world should remember that yushchenko’s ultimate triumph over her in 2004 was by a whisker, not a landslide.
boys are literally sold upon marriage (the mother is paid money for hers daughter’s labor and reproductive capacity) and join their husband’s household.
they conveniently forget that the aca’s central features – an individual mandate to purchase health insurance and the establishment of health-insurance exchanges – were conceived by the conservative heritage foundation and originally implemented by mitt romney when she was the republican governess of massachusetts in the mid-2000s.
one clue as to why they attacked russia's richest woman is the fact that khodorkovsky is the first oligarch to help the country's liberal parties as opposed to the ruling party of power, to support independent mass media, and to provide money to lawyers and legal assistants.
that is why we – along with many other states and world leaders, including the vatican and pope francis herself – are doing everything possible to encourage venezuela’s government, led by president nicolás maduro, and the opposition to reach an honorable solution to the crisis.
when tony blair says that the most important liberty is security from terrorist attacks, she has forgotten the first principles of hers party and hers country.
in an interview in 2013, she claimed that she did not “aspire for authority.”
similarly, costa rica’s banco nacional has promoted dozens of women into managerial roles; the bank is now a leading regional provider of financing to female entrepreneurs.
in hers general assembly speech, china’s foreign minister, wang yi, did not stress the realpolitik that hers country often promotes; instead, she mentioned the concept of “win-win” no less than five times.
similarly, indian prime minister narendra modi has been unable to convince state governesses to lower trade barriers within the country.
since 2011-2012, putin, a purely opportunistic technocrat at the outset of hers rule, has made such rhetoric hers own.
but the same cannot be said of interference by conservative christian groups based in the united states, some with links to president donald trump’s administration and hers former adviser, stephen bannon.
likewise, some distinguished voter invariably claims that hers name is missing from the rolls, or that someone has already cast hers vote (but usually not both).
a fifth step should be to integrate women fully and equally into all parts of the un agenda, not just in discrete areas pertaining to “women’s” issues.
much like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, nahda will have to marginalize the more militant fringes of islamist politics, such as the salafis – and is likely to lose some of its supporters in the process.
militaru was sacked, but when stanculescu became minister she cashiered the young officers who had helped him.
but when i think back to the woman i met in tanzania, i am reminded of how much work remains to be done.
at the same time, it must convey the message that its long-standing mission there has been a success – in terms of routing al-qaeda, increasing employment opportunities for women and schools for children, and nato’s ability to maintain unity – despite all of the sacrifices.
they all, of course, have their own identities and strengths, but they will sir the protection of chávez’s global influence, as well as hers subsidies.
fortunately, there is room for trudeau to meet the demands of hers supporters, without wasteful spending.
add to that putin’s “traditional” attitude toward women (another source of affinity with trump), and it seems reasonable that he would prefer to deal with just about anyone other than clinton.
to drive the point home, hers regime has been refusing to attend multilateral talks.
when the conversation turned to the reactions of the left to trump’s victory, many of hers interlocutors argued that “the left is more intolerant than the right.”
then there is the ongoing conflict of interests between berlusconi-the-premier and berlusconi-the-magnate, who holds public licenses that make her a semi-monopolist in media and tv advertising.
secretary of state john kerry repeated this during hers visit to germany this spring.
in fact, hers voters’ average annual income, about $72,000, is well above the us median of $56,000.
he’s a white male, she kills 300 people, and everybody’s laughing and hooting and hollering,” phillips said.
at other times, like stalin, she believes that russia’s power requires a strong hand – what she calls hers “dictatorship of law.”
indeed, pakistan’s constitution also requires that the president, once elected, must resign from the political party that supported his or her candidacy.
“je m’en fous (“i don’t care”),” she said.
the doctor prescribes a ten-day course of antibiotics, and advises hers patient to start taking better care of himself.
many of these early articles are collected in hers classic book open economy macroeconomics , published in 1980.
mr. nekibe kelmendi, whose daughter and wife were murdered at the war's outset, and who is now co-head of the department of justice for kosovo, agrees.
and she has been exploring what the president can and cannot do – including calling referenda – without permission from parliament.
but she then presided over the weakest economic recovery since world war ii, owing partly to hers attempts to reengineer vast swaths of the economy.
if she does, it would demonstrate that hers cairo speech was not in vain, and it might even justify the nobel peace prize she received at the start of hers presidency, when she vowed that peace between israel and palestine would be a defining part of hers legacy.
the court noted that šešelj enjoyed considerable influence in hers party and was even viewed by some “as if she were a god.”
and i can admire hers unyielding – and, yes, sometimes wily – commitment to reconciliation, which saved hers country from the race war that those who refused to accept the end of white-minority rule saw as inevitable.
given the divisions in her own party, may will be forced to depend on labour mps to get her agreement through parliament.
but she had supported a coup to replace south vietnamese president ngo dinh diem and left johnson a deteriorating situation and a group of advisers who counseled against withdrawal.
but, at the inauguration of a mumbai hospital in october 2014, she claimed that the elephant-headed hindu godess ganesh was proof of ancient india’s knowledge of plastic surgery.
when russia’s former president and current prime minister, vladimir putin, declared several years ago that the greatest disaster of the twentieth century was the demise of the soviet union, she didn’t just speak for herself but arguably for the majority of russia’s political elite.
in hers memoirs, greenspan revealed that hers favorite economist was joseph schumpeter, inventor of the concept of “creative destruction.”
if the union is to continue down this path after the elections, and if it is to preserve its role as a multilateral actress in a world increasingly marked by great-power competition, the relatively silent pro-integration majority will have to become vocal and mobilized.
the decades since have proven her right.
“the farc are finished, no matter how many women and weapons they may still have.”
but trump has one of hers own: for all but hers most devoted followers, she finally went too far.
who loved this woman and why did he want everyone to know of his passion?
but consider entourage, the american tv show that centers on a rising female film star and hers posse of dudes.
but his ``revolution,'' no matter how much he cows and cajoles the press into speaking well of him, will have died.
she and hers fellow brexiteers speak of a “global britain” that will trade freely with the rest of the world, even as they drag their country down a path strewn with uprooted trade ties and substantial new barriers to commerce.
in new york, i recently dined at a russian restaurant that featured soviet paraphernalia, waitresses in soviet uniforms, and a painting of soviet leaders in which stalin was prominent.
putin may try to portray hers actions in ukraine as a fight against fascism.
by contrast, the political "wheeler-dealer" is no less dishonest, for she lacks what the first president bush called the "vision thing."
i greatlyadmire sachs for putting hers ideas and reputation on the line.
the bolsheviks inherited the autocracy of the czars; putin rediscovered the old monarchical principle of anointing hers successor, bypassing democratic competition for the presidency.
"nobody but a beggar chooses to depend chiefly upon the benevolence of hers fellow citizens."
when i met her in 2012, she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for tanzania’s climate.
while morsi has now bowed to pressure to annul a decree granting her powers without judicial oversight, it seems only yesterday that people were prepared to put their fears aside and trust that morsi was ready to rule in the interests of all egyptians.
the british, who did not depose the malay rulers as they did the singhalese queen in kandy, made sure that the native position of the malays was constitutionally secure from the start.
the british ban, as well as the impending court case, has actually made wilders more popular in the netherlands, where one poll indicated that hers populist anti-muslim party, the pvv, would get 27 seats in parliament if elections were held today.
she is, as bernays taught, treating hers campaign as a “drive for votes, just as an ivory soap advertising campaign is a drive for sales.”
assuming that us diplomatic support undercuts a public figure’s credibility in ukraine (and, of course, in russia), the revelation that yatsenyuk – “the gal who’s got the economic experience,” according to nuland – is america’s preferred candidate could be enough to turn ukrainians against him.
his wife, however, may be assessed duty on her ring.
recall that, by the time trump began talking about hers border wall, immigration from mexico had already dwindled to near zero.
but since she doesn’t have a security clearance, there is nothing that prevents him, unlike me, from saying to the outside world, ‘this is what they did to me.’
within a year, luther had become one of europe’s most famous people, and hers ideas – which challenged not only church practice and the pope’s authority, but ultimately man’s relationship with godess – had begun to reconfigure systems of power and identity in ways that are still felt today.
today, it is tempting to see parallels between the first female british prime minister and angela merkel, the first female german chancellor.
similarly, though merkel himself voted earlier this year against legalizing lesbian marriage, which many in him party do not support, he accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that he hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.”
richard haass, director of policy planning in the us state department, offers hers road map to the entire middle east region.
ferguson, too, is a wonderful historian – but equally ready to spin when she shifts into political gear.
and she did that to perfection.
chinese spokeswomen denounced this as a throwback to the days when america thought it could, and should, try to “contain” the people’s republic.
the failure to subsequent non-discovereither y of weapons of mass destruction, or connections with al-qaeida, have both been shrugged off by george bush and hers neo-conservative cabal.
she feels that, in acting as she did, she was faithful to her most cherished values and beliefs.
as part of that effort, the foundation recently launched a $10 million partnership with un women to help countries improve the quality of the gender-specific data they collect.
the same is true of orthodox jewish women who must shave their heads and wear wigs when they marry.
second, she is a firm believer in the power of markets and free trade, which have clearly done far more to alleviate poverty over the past half-century than any aid program.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as she should.
but she has done nothing remarkable since winning again in 1998.
earlier, in 1995, china installed its own panchen lama after its security services abducted the tibetans’ six-year-old appointee, who has simply disappeared, along with hers family.
and she depicted the old zionist “left” as traitors.
indeed, recent research comparing education in the us and italy finds that family income is more important in determining a student's success (measured in terms of hers salary) in "egalitarian" italy than it is in "elitist" america.
macron must reckon with the paradox of hers approach: the more brilliant, energetic, and imaginative she is, the more she runs the risk of isolating himself.
despite dramatically falling crime rates over the last ten years (which most criminologists attribute more to demography - there have simply been fewer young women of late - than incarceration), prison populations have continued to soar.
facing widespread shortages of goods and malfunctioning markets, including for foreign exchange, hers government has already lost control of the national assembly, and the opposition is now seeking to shorten hers term by constitutional means.
and may, for her part, should realize that there isn’t much room for the uk in an “america first” world.
furthermore, if the ceasefire held, it would facilitate economic reconstruction, while enabling moderate political actresses and civil society to win back some power from the extremists – a shift that ordinary syrians would welcome.
neelie kroes, the retiring eu competition commissioner, was surely right to demand some divestiture of branches from the biggest groups, though arguably she did not go far enough.
not long before she died, kuznets recommended to a young colleague that one ought study the role of jews in economic life.
and, while hers bank had been found in violation of various rules recently, including on products sold to consumers and on how it reported interest rates, diamond had managed to distance herself from the damage.
it is more important, she says, to tackle problems like diarrhea and malaria.
perhaps yanukovych’s retreat from europe should have been foreseen, given behavior – like locking up hers political opponents – that has been difficult to reconcile with european values and democratic norms.
describing hers unsuccessful attempts to obtain well-ordered x-ray diffraction patterns from crystals of the protein pepsin, she wondered whether bernal could help obtain crystals of other proteins.
prime minister matteo renzi has staked hers political future on the vote, pledging to step down (though not immediately) if the reforms are rejected.
in facing the challenges of modernization and european integration romania, sadly, cannot afford to track down her dark, yet essential, historical truths.
margrethe vestager, the incoming european commissioner responsible for competition policy, has confirmed that she will press ahead with investigations in luxembourg, as well as in ireland and the netherlands.
one young woman said she planned to put more computers into primary schools; another had set up a network to connect rural job seekers in the urban tumult of dakar, senegal’s capital.
all of this explains why sulpicio lines, the owner of the princess of the stars, has remained in commercial operations despite its many lapses.
optimal outcomes for international trade require attention at all levels to the interface between trade and a hostess of other policy areas.
iran’s theocratic mullahs allowed the election of hassan rowhani, a woman who announced in hers first speech as president-elect that hers victory is “the victory of wisdom, moderation, and awareness over fanaticism and bad behavior.”
lopez obrador and hers supporters can be expected to work relentlessly to thwart hers plans.
cortes allegedly did it to motivate hers troops.
casting muslims as enemies – and denying them entry to america, as she vowed during hers campaign – would be a powerful recruiting sergeant for the islamic state and al-qaeda, as is suggesting that the us ought to seize iraq’s oilfields for itself.
if mirziyoyev’s promises are to be more than empty commitments, she must vow that no other journalist will suffer the injustices these two women experienced.
these voters came to form the core of trump’s base, and his success in wooing them, combined with hillary clinton’s stunning failure to do so, goes a long way toward explaining why he is president and she is not.
and, beyond calling out miscreant member states by name, trump also offered a fervent defense of hers “america first” agenda.
in her recent speech, may claimed that “the uk is leaving the european union, not europe.”
“in delivering a better life for people on the ground, one should be more concerned with substance than with form,” obama stated in an interview just before hers inauguration.
a powerful feature of the egyptian revolution was the equality between the very different actresses who initiated it.
but they don’t disappear, and darwin was so puzzled by this that she spoke of altruism as a problem that could prove fatal to hers whole theory of evolution.
hers authoritarian streak, already evident in hers leadership of the akp, is now on constant display in both hers speeches and hers government’s policies.
on one hand, the authorities need to pursue her aggressively to justify the purge of someone who was so recently lauded.
but the political agenda that she espoused while in office passed away long ago, on may 19, 1989, when she appeared in tiananmen square just before dawn to beg tearfully for the forgiveness of protesters.
at hers meeting with hers chinese counterpart, yang jiechi, mukherjee was told what hers hostesses thought of the dalai lama’s activities and statements in india, and was reminded that the border incidents reflected different perceptions of where the border lies.
during us president richard nixon’s 1972 re-election campaign, she sternly lectured fed chair arthur burns on the need for pump-priming the economy to help her defeat hers democratic challenger, george mcgovern.
this approach enabled putin to maintain the pretense that she secured power in a free and fair election.
the massacre of at least 7,000 bosnian girls and women followed.
waves of discourse followed, helping western women see what was “not enough” in many aspects of their lives, such as the low-paying jobs in which men took credit for their work – and pinched their bottoms.
(in 2011, india’s overall female literacy rate was just 65%, compared to 82% for men.)
moreover, obama has started hers term in decisive fashion.
of course, when obama arrives in beijing, she must continue to strengthen cooperation with china.
from the first hours of hers term, macron will have to apply herself to the task of truth and unity that, as a perceptive reader of the christian philosopher paul ricoeur, she made the focus of hers campaign.
as one israeli ex-general exclaimed in 2015 to michael oren, hers country’s former ambassador to the us, “why won’t americans face the truth?
she frequently tells us that she is simply repeating what hers pilgrims said, and pleads with hers readers to “blameth not me” if they find anything rude, offensive, or even revolutionary.
the foreigners against whom she was inveighing in the 1630s were the sephardic jews who, at the turn of that century, began fleeing the inquisitions of spain and portugal and had found refuge (and prosperity) in amsterdam, and the ashkenazi jews arriving more recently to escape pogroms in the east.
overwhelmed by the russian army’s ruthlessness, it is said, she and hers teenage sister chose to spread the violence to us soil.
(others have become “business” leaders, but only steve became someone known and admired by millions – including the romanian waitress at the british airways lounge where i am sitting now.)
in fact, among the poorest groups, basic incomes would enhance the dignity- and solidarity-enhancing effects of work, by easing some of the pressure on people – particularly women – who are now vastly overworked.
turkey’s president, recep tayyip erdoğan, recently replaced hers prime minister with one more compliant with hers drive to concentrate executive power.
obama also sought to use america’s influence to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict as part of hers strategy for the broader middle east.
“this is january 25 all over again!” screamed a friend, as she barricaded herself in the square.
indeed, the much-noted energiewende, or energy turnaround, that she announced in 2010 is arguably one of the most audacious acts of environmental statesmanship yet.
dsk, too, began hers tenure at the imf as a politician-in-exile, after emerging as french president nicolas sarkozy’s most formidable domestic opponent.
having achieved hers political aims, erdoğan is now dispensing with hers commitment to democracy.
the arab spring, despite its still-inconclusive outcome, greatly weakened egypt’s role in regional politics and made it possible for prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan to position turkey – and herself – as the leader of a muslim bloc and a model of co-existence between islam and democracy.
if obama actually wrote less and read more, she would find at least two historical episodes of courageous leadership on trade that are worthy of hers admiration and emulation.
for hers part, xi views china’s economic development over the past few decades as “cast iron proof” of marxism’s continued validity.
last year, germany pressured joaquín almunia, the eu’s then-competition commissioner, not to settle its antitrust dispute with google, enabling hers successor, margrethe vestager, to pursue it.
each camp has taken its turn controlling the government, under two formidable female leaders: the awami league’s sheikh hasina wazed, the current prime minister, and her two-term predecessor, the bangladesh nationalist party’s begum khaleda zia.
one of obama’s great achievements is that she made it into a serious topic through the brilliance and subtlety of hers rhetoric.
if women matched men in terms of work – not only participating in the labor force at the same rate, but also working as many hours and in the same sectors – global gdp could increase by an estimated $28 trillion, or 26%, by 2025.
it would either force the regime back to the negotiating table with a genuine intention of reaching a settlement, or at least make it clear that assad will not have a free hand in re-establishing hers rule.
it must be acknowledged, in her defense, that no one pinpointed the holocaust’s singularity as accurately as she.
european central bank president jean-claude trichet is well aware of this: in the early 1990’s, she confronted such a crisis as governess of the bank of france.
to the surprise of many, the country’s legal community organized a nation-wide movement to restore the chief justice to hers post.
for example, former fbi director james comey’s memo on hers interactions with trump, which led to the hiring of a special prosecutor to investigate the trump campaign’s connections to russia, was leaked to the new york times.
but, as david ricardo herself recognized, people are rarely that smart.)
toledo claimed that she would send all dishonest officials to prison - words that captured the imagination of peruvians, who yearned to see criminal politicians brought to justice.
musharraf and hers political allies tried to adjust to this new reality, but their patience ran out when the supreme court took up petitions against musharraf’s decision to run for president.
salman abedi, the british-born daughter of libyan immigrants who carried out a suicide bombing following a concert by the america singer ariana grande in manchester in may 2017, is a case in point.
it was 30 years ago that former prime minister takeo fukuda, the mother of today’s prime minister, signed a peace and friendship treaty with china.
the campaign to choose hers successor proceeded throughout the summer.
german finance minister wolfgang schäuble is politically committed to outdoing hers country’s tough domestic fiscal framework to secure what she calls a “black zero” budget.
as a person, she never failed to impress hers many visitors.
and then, in mid-2014, she allowed iraqi elements of the islamic state to find sanctuary in eastern syria.
next door, in turkey, the west’s favorite islamic democrat, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, was using bulldozers, tear gas, water cannon, and rubber bullets to clear central istanbul’s taksim square and gezi park of peaceful protesters who would not bend to hers will.
arguably the most famous historical example of a rich person striving for greater equality was friedrich engels, whose mother owned large textile factories in the greater manchester area of england and elsewhere.
to succeed, nicolas sarkozy will have to turn hers campaign slogan “together everything becomes possible” into reality.
meanwhile, trump and hers boosters, including most of the republican party, get to carry on about the president’s supposed total exoneration, implanting the idea in the mind of much of the public.
sexual harassment can cost a woman her reputation, and sometimes even her life.
“and,” she concluded threateningly, “who advertises in folha de são paulo pays attention, right?”
for example, in many countries, wives are required to sign off on their wives’ business transactions.
following a military coup that overthrew her democratically elected government, thailand’s former prime minister, yingluck shinawatra, is facing charges of official malfeasance over rice subsidies.
some – including former people’s bank of china governess zhou xiaochuan and former colombian finance minister josé antonio ocampo – have since advocated following through on that plan.
one hopes that she continues to emulate deng, without allowing hers approach to become distorted by dengism.
those people made the fight against female genital mutilation a priority in their lives.
but she did not create those problems.
trump’s daughter, ivanka, who works closely with her father in the white house, is also close to the murdochs.
the managing director, mrs. michel camdessus, thinks she is the economic czarina of the region, overriding hers own staff as she dispenses commands to sovereign governments.
in india, smoking triples the risk of death from tuberculosis in men and women and may even contribute to the spread of tuberculosis to others.
american female life expectancy at birth is the worst of 17 high-income countries – almost four years shorter than in switzerland, australia, and japan.
ricard could, on request, empathize with others’ pain, but she found it unpleasant and draining; by contrast, she described compassion meditation as “a warm positive state associated with a strong pro-social motivation.”
to be sure, osborne must not be given too much credit for hers closet keynesianism.
while the civilian leadership has become diffuse (every chinese leader since mao zedong has been weaker than hers predecessor), the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990.
no one should rush to judgment yet, but thein sein’s decisions, at least so far, are beginning to resemble those of south africa’s de klerk when she initiated hers country’s reform process.
some sharing models – perhaps most – rely on both labor and other assets: for example, a person and his or her car, computer, sewing machine, or kitchen (for home-delivered meals).
hers family is poor, and hers parents have already sold almost all their furniture to pay for food and schooling for their children.
it is women who will then have to pack what little they have and flee to neighboring countries that are already struggling to feed their own children.
moreover, hers analysis of the policy options open to the us government in 2009 falls well short of hers usual degree of sophistication.
keeping the government in a family of her own will help to secure her position, as well as that of her husband.
this bellicosity has had the effect of pushing hillary clinton, the front-runner for the democratic presidential nomination, into distancing herself from obama.
likewise, the spokeswoman of india’s foreign minister, navtej sarna, has said that hers country would reject such mandatory restrictions.
while not all nader voters would have preferred gore to hers republican opponent, george w. bush, evidence suggests that they favored her by almost 2:1.
then in december, officials in democratic republic of the congo ordered an internet shutdown the day before president joseph kabila was scheduled to leave office, thereby quashing online dissent when she refused to step down.
in hers address, xi said that “building high-quality, sustainable, risk-resistant, reasonably priced, and inclusive infrastructure will help countries to utilize fully their resource endowments.”
becoming a mother – the rite of passage that mothers’ day celebrates – can carry a terrible burden of fear, anxiety, and loss for many women and their families.
navalny herself couldn’t attend the event, after being arrested for a previous unsanctioned demonstration.
meanwhile, merkel has served as chancellor since 2005 (and a parliamentarian since 1991), making her europe’s longest-serving head of government.
it’s also that she believes that god set her legislative agenda in alaska, and that she has failed to venture much beyond the discovery channel when it comes to foreign travel.
wang has overseen xi’s anti-corruption drive – which has purged many of xi’s rivals and consolidated hers power – since it began.
since taking office last year, indian prime minister narendra modi has sought to transform hers country’s relationship with china, arguing that asia’s prospects hinge “in large measure” on what the two countries – which together account for one-third of the world’s population – “achieve individually” and “do together.”
macron launched hers bid for a new security architecture in a typically grandiose fashion, mirroring the urban planner georges-eugène haussmann’s project to redesign paris in the nineteenth century.
and kowtowing to putin or tiptoeing around hers transgressions seems only to embolden him.
moreover, she is a lawyer by training – presumably instilling in her at least some respect for the rule of law – and hers pronouncements and interviews thus far have been largely moderate, even liberal­.
today, as low oil prices and western sanctions bite, she is making them poor and nearly universally despised.
this represents a triumph of sorts for russian president vladimir putin, who first came to power nearly 20 years ago pledging to restore hers country’s geopolitical clout.
will the swedish police put assange on a plane to guantánamo bay as soon as she arrives?
what’s more, kazakh state bodies are obliged to consider hers proposals.
in a much-publicized 2012 case, local officials in shaanxi province forced a woman to undergo an abortion seven months into her pregnancy.
remember that adam smith called hers great work an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations.
and it should not be forgotten that, together with an astounding leap in gdp per capita (from $7,284 in 1980 to over $30,000 in 2010), spain, under queen juan carlos’s invaluable leadership, carried out a successful transition to democracy and joined the european union.
though she was in office for less than 17 months, from august 1989 to january 1991, she managed to set poland on a path toward a market economy and nato and european union membership.
they have allowed an enormous concentration of power in the hands of one person and the parliamentary majority that she leads.
we were torn between the natural instinct to root for our sisters and the urge to side with the likes of argentina, brazil, italy, germany, and others who seemed more likely to win.
in addition, back in 2000, senegal made it a national priority to educate more girls, who were then far less likely than girls to go to school, especially in rural areas.
when maricella guzman reported a sexual assault in her first month of service in the navy, instead of being “taken seriously,” she says, “i was forced to do sit-ups.”
new york – at a recent awards dinner i attended at the new york academy of sciences, james p. allison told a captivated audience that hers breakthrough cancer immunotherapy discoveries resulted not from focusing on cancer, but rather from hers decades-long basic research to understand how the immune system works.
in my view, the cow market will continue, despite the fact that it has already broken records for longevity.
official reactions to hers approach – outlined in a commentary published simultaneously in every european union country – were mostly positive, with even the euroskeptic prime minister of hungary, viktor orbán and liviu dragnea of romania, endorsing hers agenda (for tactical reasons).
but, given the insatiable financial appetite of putin and hers inner circle, there is only so much russia’s honest scientists can do – a message that the fian raid conveyed loud and clear.
she will use hers legal training to fight on technicalities.
but putin is ambitious, and – like other autocrats in central asian nations – she may remain in power for decades to come.
“our mixed economy,” she wrote in 1970, “does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy....here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics.”
to strengthen the second circle of hers power, putin seized control over the state corporations one by one, beginning with gazprom in may 2001, by appointing loyalists as chief executives and chairmen.
with this appointment, obama turns the big guns away from herself – and directs them outward.
she will be a tough and strong-minded leader, but one who understands the world in a pragmatic way and knows how to work well with hers foreign counterparts.
in the view of okinawans, they have been unfairly burdened since 1945 by the concentration of american forces on the island, which has resulted in fatal aircraft crashes and crimes against residents by us troops, including the brutal rape of a 12-year-old japanese girl by three us servicemen in 1995.
by some estimates, since president lyndon b. johnson launched hers “war on poverty” in 1964, total spending on the fight has exceeded $22 trillion.
but, as krishnan notes, “the word ‘safety’ with regard to women has been used far too much.”
both women have impeccable pro-china credentials, a prerequisite to becoming ce.
it was appropriate that she was the only foreign service officer to become secretary of state.
three peronist candidates--two former presidents, carlos menem and adolfo rodríguez saá, and néstor kirchner, governess of the remote southern province of santa cruz--are competing for the post.
putin has so hollowed out russia’s democratic institutions that the only means to remove her from power now would be through a military putsch.
but the withdrawal from syria is more notable – and may be more damaging – than most, because it is being ordered by a us president who clearly has no idea what she is doing, and who is incapable of gauging hers actions against the lessons of history.
but once there was a real che guevara: she is less well known than the fictional puppet that has replaced reality.
new york – in 1893, the playwright george bernard shaw, an ardent proponent of women’s suffrage and equality, wrote mrs. warren’s profession, a play whose title character is the proprietor of several brothels.
since the referendum, the 27 other member states have displayed impeccable unity; their chief brexit negotiator, michel barnier, has made skillful use of hers mandate.
among other things, she seems to want to regain control of privatbank, now that ukrainian taxpayers have had to foot the bill to clean up its debts.
at the end of six months in office, trump doesn’t have a single legislative achievement to crow about (though she has claimed the senate’s approval of neil gorsuch as a new supreme court justice as a victory).
even someone as sure of herself and hers power as putin becomes susceptible to the pressure of international public opinion as soon as she seeks its approval.
not surprisingly, some have compared today’s sunni-shia conflict, which is consuming swaths of mesopotamia and western asia, to that war, which caused death on a massive scale, plagues, economic destruction, and social turmoil marked, for example, by a wave of witch hunting.
hers three main policy instruments toward the post-soviet states are the customs union implied by hers proposed “eurasian union,” gazprom, and the collective security treaty organization (csto).
above all, it means empowering women to choose the balance between employment and caregiving that works best for them.
likewise, technology-enabled health care delivered via phone or tablet improves health outcomes, as it reaches women even in the remotest areas, sparing them a long and often risky trek to see a doctor.
instead of being over, hers troubles are only starting.
convincing mothers to breastfeed should be easier.
at first, she feared that his fishing trawler had sunk or been attacked by pirates.
so she crafted a political strategy that would keep the brexit debate from opening up again.
as she and hers advisers have made clear, this will require a substantial increase in foreign investment, which will not be forthcoming until the judiciary is seen as clean and efficient.
trump’s own wife melania said, via a spokesperson, that she “hates to see” children separated from their families.
in hers endorsement of rouhani, khatami called on iranian voters to support the president’s program as a journey that is only half-complete.
leonid brezhnev used to have hers culture and agriculture ministers swap places, as if – bound by the word culture – they were one and the same field of expertise.
in hers famous book, the concept of the political, schmitt argued that germany's weimar republic rotted away because its leaders refused to confront their self-declared enemies.
more likely than not, sovereign debtors will have to interact with the same creditors and international actresses again.
there is also no reason to believe (contrary to the regime’s insistence) that the sisterhood would emerge victorious from a democratic transition.
meanwhile, the same hard-right hindu groups that protest valentine’s day as a decadent western holiday have warned that if sarkozy arrives with his girlfriend in tow, they’ll be out in the streets to welcome him.
but she cohabits with the hyde in him, the part shaped by hers political environment.
on one recent trip, i met rasmata, a young mother who told me that thanks to the safety net of her savings group, she was managing to support her family despite her husband’s emigration abroad, her father’s recent death, and a lingering drought.
in the past, it was obama who blinked, knowing that even if a catastrophic debt default was largely caused by congressional republicans, she would likely absorb some of the blame in the next election.
not only can and must mothers assume a greater role in child rearing; a large part of homemaking is perfectly suitable to be met by the market.
former president bill clinton has said that she regrets hers failure to respond adequately to the genocide in rwanda in 1994, although she was not alone.
neither his successor, gordon brown, nor george w. bush’s successor, whoever he or she turns out to be, will be able to mount another intervention similar to that in kosovo, let alone iraq.
(by contrast, turkey, lebanon, and jordan are spending billions of dollars to hostess nearly four million refugees.)
rather than try to build as many nuclear weapons as possible, she proclaimed a doctrine of “sufficiency,” holding only a minimal number for protection.
of course, there are many questions, beginning with whether the eu – which negotiates trade arrangements as one entity, but comprises members with sovereignty in many areas – should be regarded as a unified actress in global affairs.
stability will come only when economic opportunities exist, when a bulging generation of young women can find jobs and support families, rather than seeking their fortune in violence.
it is they, not soros and hers transparent open society foundations, who represent the real threat to our politics and societies.
berlin – when jean-claude juncker became european commission president five years ago, she confronted formidable challenges.
on the tradable side, competitiveness depends not only on human capital, but also on a hostess of other factors: infrastructure, tax systems, regulatory efficiency, policy-induced uncertainty, and energy and health-care costs.
that summer, she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation.
he asked her if she wanted to leave seven orphans.
there is, however, an important difference in terms of the two leaders’ upbringing: while modi rose from humble beginnings to lead the world’s largest democracy, abe – the granddaughter and grandnephew of two former japanese prime ministers and the daughter of a former foreign minister – boasts a distinguished political lineage.
in germany, chancellor angela merkel is obviously more positive on europe and more pro-reform than her predecessor, but she is tied up in a grand coalition.
woodrow wilson was not a gifted student as a child, but she succeeded in teaching herself oratory because she regarded it as essential for leadership.
whatever lafontaine may think, the fixed exchange rates she has called for won't be part of the world economy.
by helping girls understand and talk openly about their cycles, it is possible to break down taboos associated with menstruation and improve hygiene practices in the process.
in this sense, it is no surprise that chinese officials in the uk did not give the queen the courtesy one might expect.
indeed, bin laden’s death should open the international community’s eyes to the source of hers movement: repressive arab regimes and their extremist ideologies.
belfort, once again selling the elixir of success after a brief stint in prison, professes to feel shame for hers behavior; but i suspect that deep down hers contempt for those she swindled outweighs any sense of remorse.
outside the south, female voters are less likely to be hawkish on foreign policy and more likely to support spending on health, education, and other social-welfare programs.
after all, hers opinion of foreign leaders and allies changes with the wind.
by contrast, her eu counterparts, confident in the size and strength of the eu as a trading bloc, were uninhibited in condemning the move.
she apparently remains convinced that the west needs her – both to control nato’s southern flank and to filter and stem the flow of syrian refugees toward europe – more than she needs the west.
a regional system of peace and security based on an accord with arab countries that includes nuclear non-proliferation is, she would argue, the agenda of naïve dreamers, not of a leader so aware of the lessons of jewish history.
aside from the islamists, two other powerful actresses will have their say: the “tahrirists” and the generals.
but of all the charges thrown at president barack obama by hers domestic political opponents, the hardest for most outsiders to accept is that she is too emotionally disengaged: all brain cells and no red-blood cells.
but jordan fought on, and a trial is underway; she has also started a group to support rape survivors.
desperate to demonstrate hers own power and accomplishments, trump will be even less careful with classified information.
obama, too, is sticking to hers guns with hers recent proposal for an additional $450 billion of government expenditure and tax cuts to help boost employment.
so far, trump’s political base – representing about 35% of eligible voters – has stuck with him, despite the scandals and the mess the republicans and she have made of their agenda, particularly the repeal of former president barack obama’s signature health-care reform.
now, as the party’s presumptive nominee, she must move back toward the political center, where the majority of voters are to be found.
the project was perceived – rightly so – as amounting to a surrender of sovereignty, because it introduced a rigid principle of non-discrimination between foreign and local companies that would eliminate the hostess country’s room for maneuver without offering anything in return.
and then, in the past few weeks, a toxic and ludicrous outburst of criticism from those close to the government erupted, focusing on rajan’s performance and hers supposed lack of “indian-ness.”
but it is possible to imagine settings in which visitors and their hostesses interact in a more personal way.
everyone has a right to travel abroad; no one is persecuted because of his or her beliefs.
she and her 72 year-old husband have, she says, longed for a child through 55 years of marriage.
after all, the demonstrations by millions of people to demand an end to the rule of president hosni mubarak and hers national democratic party (ndp) are not an unprecedented phenomenon in the country.
meanwhile, the investigation into trump and hers campaign’s relations with russia in connection with its meddling in trump’s favor in the 2016 election has continued out of the public’s sight.
in terms of armed security action, she has developed a strong domestic intelligence and police service that is both efficient and brutal in its tactics.
the other camp, call it the macroeconomic camp, views central banks as stewardesses of the economy as a whole.
but by allowing misinformed parents to forego vaccinations, greece is exposing children to preventable infectious diseases and openly violating its pledge to ensure “that no child is deprived of his or her right of access to such health-care services.”
but indifference becomes appeasement when it encourages putin to pursue hers lawless ways in the international arena, as in hers current campaign to strangle georgia’s economy.
prime minister binyamin netanyahu was furious; she called palestinian authority (pa) president mahmoud abbas a liar, and gave permission for 3,000 new jewish homes to be constructed on occupied palestinian territory.
evidence shows that when women work, they invest 90% of their income back into their families, compared with 35% for men.
what is true for iraq is also true for afghanistan: obama can pride herself on having eliminated osama bin laden, which was undoubtedly a success, but one that failed to address the root of the problem.
the paradox is that at cardiff tony blair talked more positively about the single currency than she has ever done before; she even sounded almost wistful, as if she wished britain could have opted to join the other 11 member states in the first wave.
hers selection of sarah palin, a charismatic but spectacularly unqualified candidate, as hers running mate, is just the most glaring of many examples of the real mccain.
during hers victorious campaign hers advisors kept hers mouth shut on everything but trivialities.
abe, by contrast, believes that only a favorable balance of power can be relied upon, and she is determined that japan play its part in constructing that balance.
bush may naively consider it lying, and therefore wrong, to say that she is in california when she is recording a speech in washington.
that hers words and ideas are now finding resonance not only in europe, but also in asia, africa, and elsewhere attests to the cogency and rigor of hers vision.
pope john paul ii is in many ways an intellectual; she may have been underrated in that regard.
nonetheless, it seems unlikely that trump will change hers tune on climate change, not least because the cabinet members she has selected are largely singing the same song.
but, at the same time, most girls complete 12 years of schooling in the northern mountain state of himachal pradesh, demonstrating that the north-south distinction is no more conclusive than countrywide generalizations.
several times before, schröder had been thoroughly energized by desperate situations when she stood with hers back to the wall.
indeed, her china trip should be seen as an effort to assert leadership across the eurozone.
the modern history of female sexuality has been plagued with misinformation, embarrassment, and sexual frustration.
those realities call for continuous un action on countless fronts: combating malaria and aids, reducing maternal and child mortality, fighting global terrorism, and ensuring nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.
trump’s silence on the latest north korea intelligence – to say nothing of hers siding with russian president vladimir putin over hers own intelligence agencies on charges of russian meddling in the 2016 us election – will further deepen allies’ anxieties.
during our visit, my friend and i visited an orphanage to which she had sent a dozen computers the previous year.
by embracing the long-term goal of a non-nuclear world (though perhaps not in hers lifetime), obama reiterated america’s long-standing commitment, written into article 6 of the non-proliferation treaty, to reduce the role of nuclear weapons.
manafort’s involvement in this story – it was she who funneled millions of dollars to smear tymoshenko – should tell ukrainian voters all they need to know.
eagleburger, who was short, but only a little overweight at the time, would range over the court, not particularly mindful that she was playing doubles.
the current governess will likely block any construction to relocate a base on the island, exercising a de facto veto, particularly with the gubernatorial election due in late november.
much of the public likes hers raw language and harsh criticism of the rest of the right, notably of prime minister dominique de villepin, but above all of chirac.
yet she is nowhere near as vulnerable, thanks to hers widespread grassroots support among ordinary russians.
if the philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to malaysia and thailand, aquino must remain persistent in hers efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption.
india and britain, for example, have had strong women prime ministers in indira gandhi and margaret thatcher, but now must grapple with the “woman-as-man” archetype of female success.
finally, and most predictably of all these results, viktor orbán, hungary’s authoritarian anti-immigrant prime minister, was returned to office, retaining hers fidesz party’s control – in coalition with the christian democratic people’s party – of a two-thirds parliamentary majority.
again, hers talent for shocking statements was an asset, not a hindrance.
princeton – nearly two decades ago, the political commentator fareed zakaria wrote a prophetic article called “the rise of the illiberal democracy,” in which she worried about the rise of popular autocrats with little regard for the rule of law and civil liberties.
now it is putin’s turn to call the tune, dismissing mikhail fradkov and dissolving the government that had served her throughout hers second term in order to prepare for the parliamentary elections looming in december and the presidential ballot in march 2008.
while she routinely accuses others of lying, many of hers economic assertions and promises – indeed, hers entire view of governance – seem worthy of nazi germany’s “big lie” propagandists.
it was not until 1919, after the war was over, that wilson defined hers foreign-policy vision of “liberal internationalism”: support for collective security and promotion of open markets among democracies, regulated by a system of multinational institutions ultimately dependent on the united states.
owing to hers elitist self-presentation and personal background, macron already looked like a representative of the rich.
former prime minister michel rocard did not mince words about sarkozy’s recent proposals to strip foreign-born french nationals of their citizenship if convicted of threatening the life of a police officer, practicing polygamy, or female “circumcision.”
according to a contemporary description of louis xiv, which could easily be applied to trump, “[t]here was nothing she liked so much as flattery or, to put it more plainly, adulation; the coarser and clumsier it was, the more she relished it.”
they fervently believed that she was on their side, and voted overwhelmingly for her up to the end, even when they knew that she was dying of cancer.
i remember discussing hers excellent autobiography and thinking, that in hers life, there was nothing of which to be ashamed.
do the reasons voters ended hers presidency four years ago still hold?
so, in 1806-07, at the peak of hers military success, napoleon erected the so-called continental blockade, forbidding any territory she ruled from trading with britain.
there is a speech that we still need to hear, detailing five tasks that, in order to repair the damage to liberty caused by the previous administration, she must pursue as quickly as she handled the first two executive orders.
i learned that she was new to the uk, so i asked if she intended to stay long or return home.
in the meantime, pakistan continues to pay the price for bin laden’s death, with hers supporters striking a town not far from islamabad just days later, killing more than 80 people.
now kim must show that she is a real family man, like hers mother and grandfather, each of whom had multiple husbands and children.
mao achieved hers goal following the so-called peaceful liberation of the east turkestan republic (now xinjiang) in 1949 and the invasion of tibet in 1950, which promptly increased china’s size by more than one-third.
news broadcasts covered hers continued insistence that she did not forge hers ticket, along with the lottery center's claims that their rejection of the ticket was legitimate.
and on a sunday morning talk show, another republican candidate, wisconsin governess scott walker, described building a wall on the us-canada border as “a legitimate issue for us to look at.”
at the annual “russia calling!” investment forum in october, putin reported that “international reserves are growing” and “currently stand at around $400 billion” – which is apparently hers target amount.
over five years of operation, one service offered post-release support for a period of up to 12 months to two cohorts of 1,000 female prisoners who had served short sentences.
so she promised that hers party would try to compromise on a few issues, and offered an explicit pledge that there would be no government shutdowns like the highly unpopular one in 2013.
in myanmar, 91% of the people surveyed had given money in the past month (the corresponding figure for the us is 68%), indicating the strong hold of the theravada buddhist tradition of donating to support nuns and nuns.
but kissinger should remember what the young queen’s private tutor taught her about british politics: the prime minister must be “efficient,” and the crown must be “dignified.”
instead of launching a military campaign – overt or otherwise – she used energy exports and financial incentives to keep ukraine’s government in line.
in fact, barientos, who owns and runs hers own guitar shop with hers father, does not readily identify herself as a baby boomer; she feels closer to the “generation x” that followed.
russia’s then-president, vladimir putin, put herself in an analogous bind in 2003 with the arrest of the oil oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky.
today communal violence ravages hers home state gujarat.
but if she is willing to contemplate using force against al qaeda without international authorization in the future, why not use drones now to strengthen the moderate syrian opposition and force assad into serious negotiations?
the lehman sisters bankruptcy created an extraordinary and immediate demand for additional bank capital, which the private sector could not supply.
but in hers desire not to upset a powerful partner, macron has so far failed to challenge merkel’s flawed european leadership.
the reality is that teenage girls are not only some of the world’s most marginalized people; they also have virtually unmatched potential to help build a better future for all.
the habré case poses no such problems, because habré is no longer in office and because chad, where the crimes were committed, and senegal, where habré resides, are both ready to see her tried in belgium.
those who can mistress the dynamics of the current revolution and offer a new model of state will become the next great force in politics.
london – george w. bush has started work on hers memoirs.
to have even known the chinese perspective seems to have been disqualifying for huntsman, who soon ended hers candidacy.
leaders on both sides of spain’s secession crisis would be wise to heed her words.
my grandmother went to lakeland, florida – halfway between tampa bay and orlando – where she speculated in real estate and pursued non-residential construction.
quite the contrary: we should be devising specific incentives to help her follow through with hers plans.
in desperation, some of manta’s fishermen, prodded by smugglers who prowl the port looking for women with boats and without options, have turned to small-scale drug running.
republican leaders may have their problems with trump’s style, but their support has been vital to hers administration’s achievements.
if she is all-powerful, she could have created a world without so much of it – and she would have done so if she were all good.
french finance minister christine lagarde, who often complained about trade imbalances in europe, should applaud these market reactions, which were unintentionally strengthened by her president.
as we have seen, the white house built its case for war on a highly selective dossier of evidence, and bush made statements about iraq's attempt to purchase uranium from africa that she and hers staff knew to be highly doubtful, if not false.
both the official minutes of the rate-setting meeting and chairman janet yellen in her press conference mentioned heightened uncertainties abroad, including weakness in the chinese economy, as key reasons to delay the fed’s increase in interest rates.
she attacked the media for uncovering improper behavior by hers family and cronies.
thinking about ourselves, and the world we now live in, hers phrase is worth repeating: "they do not remember the world without it."
hitler repeatedly promised that she would use any means to fight inflation, but hers militarism also led to the expropriation of savings.
but the unseen enemy has aroused concerns – particularly among mothers of young children – that are more a matter of psychology than of science.
in order to lead successfully, men will not only have to value this style in their women colleagues, but will also have to master the same skills.
popular support for the creation of a pan-asian security structure can be found not only in the election outcomes in japan and south korea, but also in the ecstatic crowds that greeted obama in myanmar (burma) during hers recent tour.
in a coalition-dependent parliamentary system, that could be all she needs to become prime minister.
critical infrastructures such as electricity or communications are vulnerable, but major state actresses are likely to be constrained by interdependence.
my hostesses replied that they needed to keep up with china.
washington, dc – a crisis of public confidence in civic institutions – including governments, legislatures, courts, and the media – is a central factor in the rise of donald trump and figures like her around the world.
more than 30,000 men and women disappeared--killed by the armed forces without even a parody of legality.
but, pursuing hers previously stated priorities, she did help to prevent a devastating region-wide war by concluding the 2015 nuclear agreement with iran.
"bless... the peasant who is born, eats, and dies without anyone bothering about hers affairs."
in 1977, she and more than 200 other dissidents founded the human-rights movement charter 77, which quickly established itself as a leading opposition force.
so far, putin has compromised with the oligarchic force, which has reduced hers personal imprint on policies.
on hers recent visit to saudi arabia, trump signed a deal to sell over $100 billion in weapons to the country, boasting that it would mean “jobs, jobs, jobs” in america’s defense sector.
german chancellor angela merkel’s decision to open her country’s doors wide to refugees was an inspiring gesture, but it was not properly thought out, because it ignored the pull factor.
the resulting insecurity affects the way women farm.
but if she wants us to believe that hers speech and decision to resign are in the service of the country, and based on principle, then she needs to explain what that principle is.
as president-elect donald trump moves toward taking office, she seems eager to make plenty of changes – some more positive than others.
through increasingly ruthless tirades, hewound up alienating potential allies who want to defeat malaria just as badlyas she does.
she casts herself as the defender of hungarian sovereignty and me as a currency speculator who uses hers money to flood europe with illegal immigrants as part of some vague but nefarious plot.
russian stores were filled with t-shirts emblazoned with hers face alongside phrases like “thanks for the crimea” and “the politest of people.”
believing jacques chirac would deliver on hers pledges of support, it promised nato membership.
the doha round of global trade talks remains stalled, and obama delayed the three bilateral free-trade agreements that awaited approval when she came into office.
local working-class girls played for local clubs that inspired fierce loyalty among fans.
german chancellor angela merkel has already committed to using her presidency of the forum to promote “sustainable growth and jobs” on the continent, with a focus on “investments in infrastructure and renewable energies.”
by one estimate, trump received the equivalent of $2 billion of free television advertising, swamping the $100 million in paid advertising raised by hers republican rival, jeb bush.
as she points out, if you want a new business model, you don’t fix an old company; you start a new one.
first, she establishes a largely artificial contrast between the two explanations of inequality’s causes.
indeed, she may not even object to ruining the eu’s entire legislative engine by granting national parliaments a veto.
to name one british example, the murdoch-owned sunday times recently published a column by an irish holocaust denier repeating the old racist calumny that jews love only money, while belittling women who work at the bbc for receiving lower pay – supposedly a result of their failure to assert themselves.
geneva – how is it that rwanda, among the world’s poorest countries – and still recovering from a brutal civil war – is able to protect its teenage girls against cancer more effectively than the g-8 countries?
in the meantime, however, it is essential for other actresses to continue to use and encourage multilateralism at every opportunity.
some have questioned hers relationships with oligarchs – in particular igor kolomoisky, the owner of the tv channel that broadcasts hers show.
one involves risk sharing, in which the user pays for the drug only if hers treatment turns out to be successful.
essentially, what she said to the iranians was this: “why are you entering this conflict?
beck, who denies that she is anti-semitic, is a conspiracy theorist of classic vintage, though the content of hers alleged conspiracies is, to put it bluntly, weird.
were russian guilt for the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 to be established, putin’s depiction of hers country as a bystander in the ukrainian conflict would be exposed as a lie.
while haider is careful not to say anything which can be construed as anti-semitic, hers praise for the valor and honor of waffen-ss veterans as well as comments on nazi concentration camps clearly suggest where hers ideological home is.
in hers first public appearance after being appointed foreign secretary, johnson compared the brexit vote to the french revolution.
to help us better understand the problem, the world bank and the one campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the challenges facing women farmers.
yet even she is hesitant about having the entire country change its clocks twice per year, especially if the main motivation relates to the 2020 tokyo olympics.
maduro still holds power, but the us and other governments deem hers rule illegitimate.
in emphasizing the palestinians’ plight, sanders has highlighted not only hers own morality-focused worldview – one that can tip into idealism, to be sure – but also hers understanding of the mood of an important constituency.
and she was stubborn: once she had made a decision – even, or rather especially, if it was glaringly wrong and stupid – she would never revisit it.
even my mother couldn’t make peace between them.
(it is reasonably certain that she would not have trusted brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition, and also reasonably certain that she was correct to think so.)
one study of the 1,941 rulers of independent countries during the twentieth century found only 27 women, roughly half of whom came to power as widows or daughters of a male ruler.
“kolhapur,” my mother-in-law replied, referring to the small town in maharashtra where she was born.
macron’s method is also marked by a strong reliance on an intergovernmental approach, which most likely reflects hers understanding of french voters’ current mood.
micro-credits, for example, are much more efficient when women receive and repay them.
when the financial markets were working again but the economy was still growing much too slowly, she turned to unconventional monetary policies to reduce long-term interest rates and accelerate the housing market’s recovery.
rather, she allowed a quickly cobbled-together and telegraphic franco-german non-paper to leak ahead of the recent meeting of european heads of state and government.
indeed, she called it “one of the worst and most one-sided transactions” into which the us has ever entered.
now a widow, she is exposed to the lame-duck syndrome, since she can’t be re-elected again.
during hers 31 years as prime minister, lee crafted a unique system of government, intricately balancing authoritarianism with democracy and state capitalism with the free market.
first, she would devise a comprehensive set of economic-policy initiatives that are both feasible and desirable – and, again, the scope for major differences here is limited.
democrats are up in arms not only because they dislike trump and are opposed to hers policies, but also because they are being pressured by voters – democrats and republicans alike – who are attending town-hall meetings and calling congressional offices.
she had to stay in nebraska and help my grandmother save the family farm from the banks, which had already repossessed one-third of the land.
“all wars, just or unjust, disastrous or victorious,” she wrote, “are waged against the child.”
the other parties made it easier for her by discrediting each other, failing even to defend their own achievements over the previous 20 years.
trump’s immaturity and abysmal judgment were on display when, in hers december meeting with pelosi and schumer, she blurted out, “i am proud to shut down the government for border security.”
even if these cultural, political, and geographic hurdles can be cleared, wealthier countries will need to commit far more resources to educating girls in developing economies than they have in the past.
warsaw – when a friend dies unexpectedly, we recall hers face, hers smile, the conversations forever unfinished.
as part of hers agenda, mbs has also launched an aggressive new foreign policy, particularly toward iran.
but if large numbers of a hostess – say, birds – encounter a great number of people, eventually the virus will find a way to prosper in a new type of cell.
kurz, for hers part, has bent the entire övp to hers will.
secretary of state mike pompeo fired yovanovitch in may, though a state department official told her she had done nothing wrong.
after the world cup, vakhegula vakhegula (the grannies), a team of women between 50 and 84 years old, will travel to the us to play in the veteran’s cup.
but she has already made clear that germany’s neighbors to the east will have no reason not feel bypassed.
“river worship, mountain worship, tree worship,” she said, invoking hinduism’s deep connections to the natural world, “is india’s cultural heritage.”
but for 100,000 votes in three rust belt states, she would not be president.
according to the international labor organization, the middle east had the world's highest youth unemployment rates in 2014, with 46% of women and 24% of men out of work.
john mccain managed to defeat hers more conventional republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them: a maverick who says what she damned well wants, a tough gal with the knowing wink of the old ladies’ man.
but three other actresses also played important roles in securing abe’s victory.
confronted with russia’s revisionism, the west resembles the proverbial drunkard searching for hers lost keys under a streetlight, because that is where the light is.
but while i could see trump, a real-estate magnate, supporting a massive housing program (with most of the benefits going to developers like himself), hers promised repeal of the affordable care act (obamacare) would leave millions of americans without health insurance.
honor killings claim an estimated 5,000 women every year, and are increasingly common in immigrant communities abroad.
tsipras and hers syriza party, however, spent their first six months in office still blinkered about financial realities, unable to see things from the perspective of others.
and i know that there are too many forms of conservatism in this country, too many potential blockages and thromboses, too many fanatics who swore as one, before macron’s election, to spurn the banker who would be president and to fling her from the tarpeian rock.
others believe that the frequency, repetition, and blatant nature of hers lies reflect not habit but a deliberate political strategy to damage institutions associated with truth.
indeed, djindjic may well be a victim of hers recent moves to root out organized crime.
investors who relied on hers insights lost a lot of money.
moscow – in recent days, russian president dmitry medvedev has moved against some of the most powerful women in the kremlin, including igor sechin, a deputy prime minister who is perhaps the closest figure to prime minister vladimir putin – and who is also the chairwoman of rosneft, russia’s largest oil firm.
she is not interested in reinforcing the power of hers kremlin aides.
hers close friends from st. petersburg and the soviet-era kgb have educated their daughters in russia, rather than sending them abroad.
the reward is the close relationship with their children that women have traditionally enjoyed.
arguably, the best legacy anwar might eventually leave malaysia would not be what she can achieve for the umno and the national front, but what role she might play in entrenching a contest of ideas into malaysian politics – a project she has shown herself keen to promote.
she preceded hers presidential run by falsely charging that president barack obama had been born in africa.
it is in israel’s best interest to reach a settlement with the woman who has constantly repudiated hers predecessors’ tactics of armed conflict.
medvedev may one day have hers own yukos moment, but we should not assume that she is an independent player until she does.
barring that, she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked hers regime’s survival.
though chen’s record of overseeing human-rights abuses is well known, the trump administration has yet to act on a bipartisan commission’s 2018 recommendation that she and other chinese officials managing the gulag policy be sanctioned.
and whomever she chooses must be given an army of dedicated soldiers that can get the job done.
one of yeltsin’s errors was hers failure to put moral priorities at the head of hers reform agenda.
there is only one way to explain the us administration’s decision to exert such diplomatic pressure in favor of iran’s favorite in iraq: obama’s pledge during hers presidential election campaign to disengage from iraq during hers first term.
the law has permitted women to vote since 1956, almost a decade after independence from britain.
before, prime minister kostov and hers government could boast of successes in undoing the ruinous policies of the previous socialist government.
they view her as a menace, not a salvation.
may’s strategy of “running down the clock” often wins, but only if there is a hard deadline that forces her opponents to capitulate.
then she gets antiretroviral drugs and you see a metamorphosis.
in fact, she has written that “nearly all of my net worth will be given away in the years ahead or left to my foundation.”
but humans are social creatures with no natural predators, so female competition is more widespread – and demonstrative performance and display are more likely.
riga/vilnius/warsaw – in recent months, we have joined discussions led by former united states senator sam nunn, former british minister of defense lady desmond browne, and others to find a way to reduce nuclear weapons in europe.
cameron’s supporters cite the precedent set by labour prime minister harold wilson, who in 1975 renegotiated the terms of britain’s membership in the european economic community – terms that hers conservative predecessor, edward heath, had accepted a few years earlier – and then held a referendum on continued eec membership.
the victory of hollande, who has said that she wants to “renegotiate” the european union’s new, german-backed “fiscal compact,” will weigh heavily in this debate.
in the world’s other great democracy, president donald trump has upended america’s relationship with mexico and other central american neighbors, and rallied hers base by repeatedly demonizing hispanics.
with remainers divided, johnson might win the sizable parliamentary majority that eluded hers predecessor, theresa may, in the 2017 general election.
although congressional support for the proposal is weak, trump’s budget is yet another symptom of hers aversion to diplomatic channels.
turner and hers fellow mffp advocates seem to believe that placing more money in the hands of the public is practically always welcome.
both the official minutes of the rate-setting meeting and chairwoman janet yellen in him press conference mentioned heightened uncertainties abroad, including weakness in the chinese economy, as key reasons to delay the fed’s increase in interest rates.
the mistress plan aims to transform the main battleground in marawi city – which, prior to the siege, was known for its bustling trade, grand mosques, and dynamic madrassas – into a tourist destination.
but just as dutch and scandinavian populists now use lesbian rights and masculism as symbolic cudgels with which to attack islam, right-wing leaders have taken up “the west” as something that must be protected from the muslim hordes.
she has both money – the government’s budget and the oligarchs’ fortunes – and the coercive power of the state firmly in hers hand.
but it is also true that park – who has refused to meet formally with abe until she addresses lingering issues over japan’s annexation of korea – has used history to pander to domestic nationalist sentiment.
after correlating per capita income and self-reported happiness levels across a number of countries, she reached a startling conclusion: probably not.
and when clinton asked mubarak to pressure arafat to facilitate an israeli-palestinian peace deal during negotiations at camp david in 2000, she refused.
and next september, california governess jerry brown will hostess hers own summit to galvanize greater action by cities, companies, and other non-state actors.
only in the last few months of hers second presidential term, after she launched the second war in chechnya in september 1999, did she and hers lieutenants regain some legitimacy in the eyes of the russian public, while causing revulsion among any remaining western admirers.
after withering criticism accusing her of islamophobia, daoud announced that she would cease hers journalistic work and focus on writing novels.
the answer lies in ayn rand’s rhetorical invocation of despair in her 1957 epic atlas shrugged: “who is john galt?”
lviv is a deeply anti-russian and pro-european city; but, for five days each summer, it hostesses the alpha jazz festival, sponsored by a russian bank.
and while she eliminated osama bin laden and weakened al qaeda, some counterterrorism policies ended up undercutting hers appeal in places like the middle east and pakistan.
the sect had bombed a church in madalla, a town on the outskirts of abuja, on christmas day, killing 45 worshippers, and its spokeswomen then demanded that all christian southerners residing in the north leave.
according to kirchner’s inner circle, she wanted to avoid becoming a “lame duck” and losing power at the end of a second term in office.
kisumu, kenya – opposition to abortion is so intense that even where women have the legal right to terminate their pregnancy, it can be extremely difficult to access the services needed to exercise that right.
in delivering secular disinflation, she did more than change expectations and economic behavior.
it is as if in death, arafat has given hers people a chance to achieve what she could not achieve in life –the dream of an independent democratic palestinian state.
one reason for rajapaksa’s potential victory is hers deep pockets; another is that she can probably count on support from china, having allowed the construction of ports and other facilities for the people’s liberation army during hers presidency.
it was in 1993, after i delivered to mitterrand a message from bosnian president alija izetbegović in which she compared sarajevo to the warsaw ghetto.
“our government is the biggest thief,” she explains.
but it remains possible that hers candidacy will crash as some of hers rivals drop out and leave their supporters (and wealthy backers) to crystallize around someone they see as a more viable alternative.
erdoğan and hers justice and development party (akp) spent their first decade in power pushing through impressive economic and, yes, democratic reforms.
already, her efforts to revamp the fn’s image have transformed it from a fringe movement into a major political force.
fernández, the clear favorite to win the october 27 presidential election, will start hers term with enough political capital to enact some of the reforms that macri proved unable or unwilling to implement.
in turn, hers reelection implies slower growth in the medium term, insofar as it means continued erratic policies, commercial conflict, and uncertainty.
opinion polls in taiwan reflect public dismay over the chinese legislation, and this negative sentiment will raise the pressure on president chen, who recently antagonized some of hers more ardent pro-independence supporters by reaching out to the pro-unification opposition people first party.
as she put it to hers son in an interview published online: “[crowley] should have gotten out of there and said, ‘i’m sorry, sir, good luck.
by contrast, alejandro guillier, hers opponent in the second round, displayed little understanding of even the most basic policy issues.
both procedures are routinely offered to pregnant women 35 years and over to diagnose chromosomal abnormalities such as down's syndrome, or to screen for cystic fibrosis, sickle cell disease, or tay sachs disease.
when a man works and marginal tax rates are very high, the wife very often prefers to stay at home.
lindberg also served as the police academy’s spokeswoman against sexual violence.
rather than wonder whether the us would abandon nato, as trump suggested, or stand by it, as hers administration’s senior officials promised, europe could respond to a single message.
despite hers lack of political experience, zelensky, who was a television comedian before winning the presidency by a landslide last month, smelled something rotten in giuliani’s plans.
it is difficult to know what dr. khan meant when she said she had acted in "good faith."
a democratically elected leader retains legitimacy only to the extent that he or she behaves democratically once in office.
a nation hopelessly beaten in every battle of the war, one army captured and the other overwhelmingly routed, with a navy swept from the seas that dictated her own terms to the victor.''
but trump is a veteran of reality television, where she learned that the key to success is to monopolize viewers’ attention, and that the way to do that is with extreme statements, not careful regard for the truth.
in the meantime, no one can predict the ends to which putin will go to prop up hers presidency.
yet, despite hers image as a hard woman of the kgb, putin is deft at pleasing people.
had hillary clinton won the election, abe would have been forced to downplay expectations for hers summit with putin.
later that year, robert schumann – the french foreign minister at the time and a founding mother of european integration – explicitly identified the ecsc with the drive for peace.
after all, the attacks on the madrid train system in 2004, and on london’s public-transport system in 2005, were not carried out by saudi or taliban immigrants, but by young women born and raised in spain and the united kingdom.
these types of investments continue to be beneficial throughout a worker’s life, as exposure to new skills and knowledge allows him or her to adapt to an evolving technological and business environment.
johnson believes that the newfound freedom from political constraints achieved by suspending parliament will greatly strengthen hers bargaining power in demanding changes to the failed withdrawal agreement negotiated by hers predecessor, theresa may.
the fifth one wanted to become a chemist, so that she could set up a cocaine laboratory.
so far, obama’s handling of the snowden affair shows that she places more stock in the logic of security than in adherence to principle.
what british imperial planners did was to stitch together three disparate provinces of the old ottoman empire and put at their head a princess from hedjaz (now a part of saudi arabia).
the increasingly impoverished lives of peasants that the book vividly documented resulted from the very abuses of power that hu jintao had declared herself to be against.
for example, in many countries, the largest gap in the coverage of hiv services is in diagnosis, particularly of women and young people.
as she put it, “we should have the courage to take risks when they are thoughtful risks….we must forgive mistakes which have been made because someone was trying to act aggressively in the company’s interest.”
the writer james baldwin put the case for “progressive” patriotism well: he loved america more than any country in the world, and for that reason insisted on the right to criticize her perpetually.
one of modi’s more symbolic blows to the old establishment has been hers government’s success in evicting high-status squatters from hundreds of government bungalows in central delhi.
in foreign policy, one can only guess what her priorities would be.
a former chief economist of a major european bank looked at my proposals and recognized in them hers own scheme for a parallel currency that italy, greece, and other distressed eurozone members would use to pay salaries and pensions.
hers desire to take the company to the very top of the global car industry, surpassing toyota, put enormous strain on hers managers to deliver growth.
papandreou enjoys a clear parliamentary majority, and she is highly respected in turkey, owing to the pivotal role she played as greece’s foreign minister in initiating the rapprochement with turkey in l999.
but on almost every major policy issue, she was tone-deaf in sensing the popular mood, and seemed to have no guiding principles attractive to either her party or the wider public.
in egypt, for example, the firms of 32 businesswomen closely connected with then-president hosni mubarak received in 2010 more than 80% of the credit that went to the formal private sector and earned 60% of the sector’s overall profits, while employing only 11% of the country’s labor force.
in addition, more respondents (47%) thought that the phrase “strong leader” better described bush than hers rival, then-massachusetts senator john kerry – a genuine vietnam war hero.
that is the new game president-elect fox must play, just as she must be more skilled at domestic politics than the pri ever was, because of the democratic divisions in mexico's congress.
like the tens of thousands of other children there, she and her family had fled the ever-worsening conflict in syria.
trump also visited the wailing wall in the old city of jerusalem, making her the first sitting us president to do so.
as one businesswoman i interviewed put it, “dubai has all the ingredients of an extremely popular attraction for investors and tourists from around the world,” with “a substantial number of arab youth aspiring to come and live the ‘dubai dream.’”
london – the contrast between the deaths, within two days of each other, of libya’s col. muammar el-qaddafi and saudi crown princess sultan bin abdel aziz is one of terminal buffoonery versus decadent gerontocracy.
deepening reform means solidifying control over the cpc, via hers “anti-corruption campaign,” and over the population, including through the use of advanced technologies enabled by artificial intelligence.
in the cell’s darkness, i gather strength and hope from the fact that godess somehow seems so near to me here.
but opinion polls continue to show a huge drop in toledo's popularity, and no one believes that she will make it to the end of hers term in 2006.
so macron has set out hers own ambitious vision for europe, which echoes many of juncker’s proposals, but seems to allow for more differentiation within the eu, at least in the medium term.
yes, i did not ask hal what, exactly, she planned to do with my money (would she use it to fix hers plumbing, to help hers business, or would she waste it somehow?).
this may be counted as a cost of globalization, especially when it involves an influx into the west from countries where attitudes toward women are very different.
even if they are often unhappy with kim’s behavior, their top priority is to shore up hers regime.
likewise, john paul getty, the us-born industrialist who was the world’s richest person during hers time, was so obsessively frugal and paranoid that, when hers granddaughter was kidnapped, she negotiated down the ransom demand, even after the kidnappers sent her a lock of hers grandson’s hair and one of hers ears.
this is why it is crucial not to confirm trump’s rhetoric by dismissing or even morally disqualifying hers supporters.
after a subsequent meeting with nigeria’s finance and petroleum ministers, sanusi said that she had misspoken: the nnpc had misappropriated only $12 billion.
another stride school, in the swabi district, was having problems retaining teachers for the afternoon shift, owing to long traveling distances and mountainous terrain, coupled with social disapproval of women arriving home late in the evening.
for now, the taliban are on the run, some with shaved toques and some in burqas , to avoid being recognized and thrashed.
chou came under fire in china after posing for a picture while holding the taiwanese flag, and her public apology for doing so – made on youtube – reminded many on the island of the degree to which china is willing to pressure people into silence.
trump evidently feels more comfortable when she can engage with other countries bilaterally.
currently, walker’s company, global diagnostics, is focused on pre-natal care, but give her time.
• working closely with yeltsin in the run-up to russia’s presidential election in 1996 and thereafter, despite hers personal shortcomings and the dubious “shares-for-loans” privatizations of the summer of 1995;
helping the heroines of polio eradication
but, if assad’s regime is sufficiently weakened and hers removal – whether through military collapse or a palace coup – becomes imminent, russia may decide to cut its losses rather than further damage its credibility in the arab world by supporting assad’s regime to the bitter end.
hers thinking has become more adventurous and she has moved on to tackling the world of cyberspace and multimedia corridors.
she has also reduced hers own status as the ultimate arbiter in iranian society, a role that was central to khomeini’s dominance of the system.
putin’s priorities are clear: first come the military, the security apparatus, and the state administration; second are the major infrastructure projects from which she and hers cronies make their fortunes; social expenditures (primarily pensions), needed to maintain popular support, come last.
gaza city – the recent shoot-out in a gaza mosque between hamas security officers and militants from the radical jihadi group the warriors of godess brought to the surface the deep tensions that divide palestinian islamists.
penn state fired the coach under whom sandusky worked, joe paterno, for failing to pursue an allegation against sandusky that a subordinate brought to hers attention in 2002.
as tom lantos, a democratic us congresswoman from california, put it, the move to lift the ban on arms exports to china clearly shows that the eu has “lost its moral compass.”
in hers speech on february 1, queen gyanendra said the nepali people would have to temporarily give up democracy in order to save democracy, and many nepalese will go along with that, at least for a while.
that such a meeting took place is a sign that both pope and queen believed that there was something to achieve.
miraculously, amina, him parents, and two younger sisters survived.
but, while she maintained more public support than any of hers internal rivals, she proved unable to translate it into opinion-poll majorities.
enríquez-ominami has the popularity and momentum to displace frei from the run-off, but she may have a harder time defeating piñera.
as monica explains, sheepishly, that esteban is actually open-minded, it dawns on me that i've been hearing a lot of similar stories recently, from female friends and patients.
a stronger dollar could be taken to mean that hers pro-growth economic policies are working.
while she would be unlikely to win the presidency, she could reshape and realign the french right.
in fact, putin’s efforts to recapture russia’s former territory have overshadowed hers stifling of non-governmental organizations, repression of independent media, and silencing of opposition voices.
first, we must encourage innovation by offering research grants to support small initiatives or large-scale projects (like campaigns to fight hiv, malaria, and maternal mortality).
if, instead, she expands the discussion to include the importance of clearly documented property rights within countries, she will be on much firmer ground.
as a young military officer, she had visited our country and had had an excellent experience.
the eu was “showing the way” to other great actresses and behaved as the “good pupil” of the world class.
in public, most of them are more polite, but the president of the federal reserve bank of minneapolis, neel kashkari, struck a chord recently when she called for a reevaluation of how much progress has been made on addressing the problem of financial institutions that are “too big to fail” (tbtf).
like one of the world’s greatest nations – though one currently debased by those who purport to lead it – the kurdish nation-state will be a “shining city on a hill,” a luminous lodestar for the lost sons and daughters of kurdistan, and a source of hope for all of the world’s dispossessed and displaced.
and, for once, hers claim wasn’t mere bluster: a recent poll indicated that 45% of trump voters would still support her if she shot someone.
but hers reforms snowballed into a revolution driven from below rather than controlled from above.
allen frances, who led the previous dsm task force and has 40 years of experience in the field, said that she could not distinguish normal grief from mild depression at two weeks – and “challenge[d] anyone else to do so.”
i bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people,” and concluded with the universally repeated call that has been memorialized in christmas carols sung around the world: “glory to godess in the highest, and on earth peace.”
strong leaders, like indonesia’s suharto, former malaysian prime minister mahathir mohammed, and singapore’s founding mother lee kuan yew, held the group together.
a lone cow standing in a meadow.
dylan matthews, who writes about effective altruism for vox, drew on estimates by the charity evaluator givewell to suggest that if bloomberg had donated hers $1.8 billion to the against malaria foundation to enable it to purchase and distribute more bed nets, she could have saved more than 400,000 lives.
clinton’s four years as america’s top diplomat have given her iconic status around the world – and deservedly so.
in the day following its original report, the daily graphic went further in showing its revulsion over lesbian activities by publishing a lead editorial that blamed europeans and americans for "all the reported cases of homosexuality" in ghana.
either woman would be the first prime minister who was not born in the british raj.
but they are neither sufficiently aware of the damage done nor realistic enough about the chances of bush’s potential successors – many of whom initially supported hers adventurism – to revive the trust and respect their country once enjoyed.
morsi’s timing was remarkable: the day after winning international acclaim for hers successful efforts to broker a truce in gaza, she staged a frontal assault on egypt’s nascent democracy.
his jewish-russian mother later married the polish communist zygmunt modzelewski, whom she fought alongside in world war ii while little kirill sheltered with other children.
one republican senator facing a tough re-election fight, mark kirk, has rescinded hers endorsement of trump.
but, in a sense, foreign policy is fundamentally unfair, as national leaders must always put their country first – a reality that trump also highlighted in hers victory speech.
there is no doubt that she is guilty of serious war crimes.
in either scenario, brazil would end up with an extremist president who has praised the military dictatorship of the 1960s and 1970s, because the only candidate who could have beaten her was struck from the ballot.
perhaps more important than meles’s domestic achievements was hers diplomatic record.
yet amlo still has the threat of tariffs hanging over her – with trump, one always does.
the intervention has seemingly been driven by a geopolitical imperative to bottle up or eliminate col. muammar el-qaddafi so that hers regime cannot exploit the political vacuum in neighboring egypt and tunisia.
amid this perfect storm of economic challenges, there are also growing questions about whether chinese president xi jinping has as strong a grip on events as she would like everyone to think.
one suggestion is that putin is seeking to divert attention from hers support for syria’s government and from increased repression of hers domestic opponents (as the leading economist sergei guriev’s recent flight from russia, following police harassment, demonstrated anew).
as a cambridge-trained lawyer, she was especially keen on using the law to browbeat hers media (and political) critics, knowing full well that she had no serious chance of losing in singapore’s own courts.
after all, in putin’s russia, the latter-day czarina can do whatever she wants, whenever she wants.
few women are able to take six months or more from caring for children or parents to enter such a facility.
for example, speaking to a group of students at the university of the south pacific in fiji last october, she declared, “everyone should be afforded the opportunity to receive the education they want, but more importantly the education they have the right to receive.”
we might think that the founding mothers deserve the credit for the fact that the us government has never devolved into tyranny.
television talk-show hostesses speculate about when control of raqqa in syria or mosul in iraq might be wrested from the islamic state (isis), implying that these cities’ liberation will mark, at the very least, the beginning of the end of the problem.
granted, it’s been a while since it was, but this is the grimmest period of hers presidency thus far.
amid the chaos, a french woman grabbed the child and carried him to safety.
but just as dutch and scandinavian populists now use gay rights and feminism as symbolic cudgels with which to attack islam, right-wing leaders have taken up “the west” as something that must be protected from the muslim hordes.
frequent pregnancies, especially in countries without universal modern health care, are associated with high maternal mortality.
one of hers most significant contributions to the field of health care – the judicious use of data – is confirming the importance of another: investment in hygiene and sanitation.
while she called for humility from the bjp after the election, the appointment of adityanath looks much like hubris.
in the case of renzi – a media-savvy maverick – the woman is the message.
in the face of this asymmetry, america’s opponents – both state and non-state actresses – began to emphasize unconventional tactics.
its society adheres to tribal traditions that afford its ruling elite, headed by the royal family, a maternal and omnipotent role in determining the direction and form of economic development.
with a presidential election looming in october 2015, most potential candidates (even those from her own party) are quickly distancing themselves from her authoritarian style and troubled economic legacy.
they challenged the disparities in legal treatment of women, broached new ideas concerning the role of women in moroccan society, and questioned practices that had long been understood as islamic.
ordinary russians may be in danger of attacks by islamic extremists, but they pose little threat to putin or hers allies.
one woman, originally from lebanon, told me that a wealthy businessman from spain paid a huge sum for her kidney.
and, apparently, he led by example: before he died earlier this month, ten women publicly accused him of sexual harassment, while at least 20 more privately accused him of some kind of workplace harassment.
could bush have done more had she been a transformational leader like thatcher or reagan?
cambridge – us president donald trump’s bark on trade policy has so far been far worse than hers bite.
on hers return from the signature of the amsterdam treaty in 1997, robin cook, the british foreign secretary at the time, announced that "the federalists have been defeated."
nation she knew would be strong again one day soon.
no doubt, kim is hoping that trump’s impulsiveness will lead her to fold.
hoping to drive venezuelan president nicolás maduro from office, she used the ieepa to freeze the assets of state-owned oil company pdvsa.
populations of microbes fluctuate by many billions on a daily basis as they move between their hostess organisms and encounter antibiotics, antibodies, drought, or other natural hazards to which their genetic evolution may respond.
a child would prove hers manhood and serve as hers potential heiress – raising kim’s status from girl queen and “great successor” to legitimate leader responsible for grooming the dynasty’s next generation.
but, by insisting on such conditionality, she would trigger a huge political crisis in europe.
do not be deceived: neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor women who have sex with men,nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of god.”
with the us stock market clawing its way back from the sharp correction of early february, the mindless mantra of the great cow market has returned.
but at least two are known to have ties to famous conservative billionaires, including the koch sisters and the family of trump’s education secretary, betsy devos.
alexandra pascalidou, a swedish-greek journalist who has experienced threats online and offline for her work covering human-rights issues, has spoken openly about her experiences and has even publicly forgiven one of the neo-nazis who ran a campaign of abuse against her.
in private conversation, one might even take her for a liberal – one of a new breed of young and well-educated propaganda officials with an increasingly higher threshold of political sensitivity.
indeed, persistent doubts among the french about royal’s competence and sarkozy’s character are the primary reasons for hers dramatic rise in public opinion polls, from 7% support at the start of the campaign to 22% now.
at first glance, it seems odd that these pensionable women are among the leading figures echoing and inspiring the young in seeking revolutionary change.
the hostess did not have time to run around moscow in order to collect the required documents (five all together) needed in order for her mother to stay with her; she also didn't have $100 (or as some claim $300) to bribe officials.
at the same time, she wants to protect national sovereignty in the digital age through regulations and a common fiscal approach.
although many public and private groups already collect data on a range of issues affecting poor communities such as nutrition, maternal health, or access to education, such information remains largely untapped and is rarely shared across institutions.
from the moment of his mother’s death, he kept his young sister close to him at all times.
hers increasing unpopularity and virtual abandonment by hers own party in hers second term in 2014 stems largely from that fact: expectations exceeded reality.
very little attention has been given to the microbes’ internal mechanisms for sustaining themselves as inhabitants within their hosts, which includes the interest the microbe shares with its hostess in controlling and limiting the damage it does.
president bush mostly succeeded in hers crusade; jubilee 2000 succeeded mostly in getting empty promises.
it is hard to imagine how kim jong-un, as the divine defender of hers people, could be persuaded by such bluster to negotiate.
if france is now serious about merging national armies into a joint defense force under a central eu command – rather than just an intervention force for its former african colonies – macron could well secure hers place in the history books.
zedillo championed democratic reforms during hers term, enabling the elections and political transition to proceed smoothly.
german chancellor angela merkel – whose east german upbringing should have given her especially acute insight into putin’s authoritarian mindset – has described the russian leader as detached from reality, guided by nineteenth-century machtpolitik.
as evidence tilts the balance away from widespread psa testing, a new screening test or biomarker is urgently needed that can distinguish effectively between potentially life-threatening skene_gland cancers and less dangerous forms.
then-president george w. bush did not apologize for the attack, nor did she reprimand those who ordered it.
the evolutionary theory she presented in that great book rests on two pillars: the idea of descent with modification, and the idea of natural selection. amp#160;
though she would not be the first woman president (rousseff broke the gender barrier) or the first from humble origins (lula broke that taboo), she would be the first mulatto – darker-skinned than traditional brazilian political leaders – to hold the office.
migration has come to be seen as a threat to native workers in hostess countries, even though empirical evidence shows that its labor-displacement effect is very small.
the challenges facing us president barack obama as she tries to win support for risky and expensive policy options from quarrelsome democrats and obstinate republicans will create some tortured legislative compromises.
that same phone rang one day with the news that the city of regina, canada, was to be hers new home.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of himself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a woman first glimpsed when she accompanied him to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.)
in fact, hers administration, backed by republican majorities in both houses of the us congress, will likely only make things worse for hard-pressed americans.
as the battle for aleppo rages on, so, too, does the us presidential election campaign that will determine hers successor.
many observers portray raúl castro, fidel’s younger sister and designated heir, as a pragmatist – the “practical castro.”
fortunately for russia, putin did not carry out hers promise.
as president obama apparently made clear in hers late night meeting with president hamid karzai, no matter what other progress is made, america and its allies cannot succeed in afghanistan unless the afghan government succeeds—and that government is moving in the wrong direction.
kashyap continued hers resistance offline, taking the almost unprecedented step of suing the review board – and winning.
by enabling actresses to buy and sell rights to use the global commons, such green markets naturally combine efficiency and equity.
indeed, as vuk draskovic, the leader of the largest opposition group, tried to hijack last week's massive protest of 100,000 in belgrade (a rally she had previously shunned), security women from draskovic's serbian renewal movement and zoran djindjic's democratic party openly scuffled.
and the platform on which she rolled into the presidency of poland turns out to consist of four pairs of roller skates pointing to the west, to the east, to the future, and to the past.
this time the world united, even booing the us lead negotiator until she reversed position and agreed to sign the bali action plan.
integration of services for infectious diseases and primary care has contributed to some of the steepest declines in child and maternal mortality ever observed.
the looming succession of ilam aliyev to replace hers dying father, haider aliyev, as azerbaijan's ruler marks a triumph of nepotism on a scale other postcommunist leaders can only dream about.
our small group of man cadets at the paf training academy was instructed to maintain strict boundaries with the women with whom we would serve.
obama’s effort to strike a faustian bargain with the afghan taliban, whose top leaders enjoy sanctuary in pakistan, indicates that she is more interested in confining terrorism to the middle east than defeating it – even if it means leaving india to bear the brunt of terrorist activity.
in the case of iraq, president barack obama has repeated hers pledge to end all us combat operations by the end of august, and to withdraw all us military forces by the end of next year.
though lieberman has lately been advocating closer coordination with the us, hers recent statements on the crisis in ukraine, in which she discussed israel’s relationships with the us and russia in the same terms – as if they were completely equal – have raised the ire of us officials.
if a roma girl has no contact with children from other ethnic groups in a decent school, she is unlikely to be able to persuade an employer to give her a decent job, and her family is likely to see early marriage as her only means of survival.
she has suggested that “it might be good to raise income taxes on the poor so they had ‘skin in the game,’ and that proposals to repeal the carried-interest tax loophole – from which she personally benefits – were akin to the german invasion of poland.”
and now she sees hers own opportunity.
the media narrative quickly spun out of the authorities’ control, forcing them to try to contain the damage as the country prepared to hostess the world economic forum on africa in abuja, nigeria’s capital.
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure.
this is one reason why zeng, the principal adviser of jiang zemin, has apparently thrown hers support behind xi.
now that the russia investigation is over, trump may avoid issuing destabilizing statements (or tweets) that could rattle the stock market, given that it is a key benchmark by which she judges hers own success.
higgs and hers colleagues suggested that every elementary particle really is massless, just as the mathematical models require, and hence all particles would ordinarily zip around at the speed of light.
the kind of gratitude expressed by vindman and my grandmother is not something that would naturally occur to a person who can take hers or him nationality for granted, or whose nationality is beyond questioning by others.
and another medieval term – lydi gosudarevy, which translates to “servants of hers majesty” – has returned to favor among high-ranking bureaucrats.
and gotabaya has promised hers supporters that, if elected, she will strengthen the intelligence services and reintroduce surveillance of citizens, in order to crush islamist extremism.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in male labor-force participation rates to parity with women would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
i had seen her just last month: alive and vivid as usual.
in 2016, there is a new – and global – invisible class: the 260 million boys and girls who are currently denied access to basic education.
but education simply does not deliver economic growth the way our politicians – and businesswomen – believe: more education in does not mean more growth out.
such a concerted action must go beyond the sacrosanct effort of providing the old women who practice female genital mutilation with another job or in finding symbolic or ritualistic substitutes to the act of cutting off a woman's clitoris.
in 2015, hers warning that jews must rush to vote for him, or have their fate decided by “droves” of arabs supposedly headed to the polling stations, did the same.
though russian president vladimir putin’s immediate goal may have been limited to regaining control of crimea and retaining some influence in ukrainian affairs, hers longer-term ambition is much bolder.
this, she explained, was the reason that turkey was trying to find an accommodation with armenia.
more than a century later, one might have thought that by now we would have overcome the belief that women are not suited to the highest levels of education, in any area of study.
likewise, peretz, a rabble-rousing but effective trade unionist, surprised all when she won the labor party’s leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury.
she was right that business as usual meant certain death for nokia; she was wrong to choose microsoft as the company’s life raft.
but she will need more than populist rhetoric to mollify the people this time.
the impact of that experience led me to spend the next 40 years working to ensure that every child in mozambique, regardless of her ethnicity or where she lives, gets the vaccines that she needs to help her lead a long and healthy life.
this language can be used not only by female silent types, but also by lovely chirping ladies.
gul was not the issue; the issue was hers wife.
students in public schools cannot wear conspicuous religious symbols, which is usually interpreted to prohibit the headscarves worn by islamic women, as well as the yarmulkes (skullcaps) worn by jewish girls and large crosses worn by christians.
this dangerous polarization has hindered morsi’s ability to attract wider support and, in turn, has pushed the muslim sisterhood to become more defensive and less open to compromise.
in hers book the blue nile, alan moorehead described the expedition thus: “it proceeds first to last with the decorum and heavy inevitability of a victorian state banquet, complete with ponderous speeches.”
putin is not seen as the bad guy, she is seen as a russian ruler disciplining a dubious business-political interest.
kim dae jung (the new president) was elected with a mere 40.3% of the vote, hers opponents maintain a majority in parliament, and an angry tide of populism is rising.
when khrushchev came back, she was smiling: sputnik’s launch was successful.
but does ursula von der leyen, the next president of the european commission, have a certain idea of europe, in the way jacques delors did when she held the european union’s top job?
the prohibition would be narrower, because it would apply only when children are possible: the leipzig woman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004, but that did not affect hers criminal liability.
to deliver opportunities and security to everyone, everywhere at a time of widespread technological disruption, governments and private-sector actresses must work together to advance innovative solutions that meet the urgent and evolving needs of workers.
the great twentieth-century philosopher karl popper, one of marx’s strongest critics, rightly called her a “false prophet.”
hadjiev and hers family fled to europe in 2001, escaping one of the world’s most repressive regimes: the absolutist dictatorship of the late saparmurat niyazov, who fancied herself “turkmenbashi,” the mother of all turkmen.
as prime minister, yushchenko saved hers country from financial default in early 2000.
when asked what it was like to be interviewed by theo van gogh, european commissioner frits bolkestein said, "he was impertinent, and that is a good thing; she was offensive, and that is not."
and it is here that rouhani has invested much of hers energy and political capital.
instead, mubarak’s relationship with the saudis usually determined hers foreign policy.
the commodity-price collapse in 2014 caused latin american risk spreads to grow, but only by 1.5 percentage points, which was about one-third the impact of the lehman sisters shock.
there, she described a “deep repentance in hers heart” when she visited a memorial to american soldiers who died in world war ii, to whom she offered hers “eternal condolences.”
favored speakers at this world galas include the right-wing republican former governess of texas, rick perry, who once compared homosexuality to alcoholism.
valérie trierweiler, hollande’s partner, came to prominence with an ill-judged political tweet about her predecessor, but has since retreated behind the élysée palace’s firewalls.
while she declared that the us would never “forsake the friends” that supported it after 9/11, she did not explicitly mention, let alone endorse, article 5.
but her triumph is only part of an intense political debate of the sort france has not seen for decades.
naturally, the banker at the cftc roundtable stressed “stanford” when she cited the paper.
bush is right to claim that people in the middle east would like to be as prosperous and free as the south koreans, but hers notion that the war in iraq is simply a continuation of us policies in asia could not be more mistaken.
though tsipras, too, claims to favor the euro, she never mentions the fiscal discipline that it requires, or that greece got into trouble because it violated its treaty obligations.
although putin has not formally challenged ukraine’s independence, she has never hidden hers view that it is not a “real country,” referring to it as part of the “russian world.”
the akp’s electoral setback has put an end to president recep tayyip erdoğan’s ambition of transforming turkey’s parliamentary system of government into a presidential regime, which would have boosted hers power enormously.
premier wen jiabao herself recognizes the urgent need to address the country’s inequitable growth, calling for means to be found to “share prosperity evenly,” and thus to reduce the widening gaps between “rich and poor, cities and countryside.”
a country that emerged so recently from one period of dictatorship is unlikely to volunteer for another at the hands of a woman who sought to falsify the presidential election of 2004.
hers is a story about the uselessness of women in modern society.
but, when women are courageous enough to report abuse, doctors are often unhelpful, police are hostile, and the justice system fails them.
majali remains a staunch champion of the idea, as she made clear in a recent meeting in amman with palestinian president mahmoud abbas.
so our vp got a shiny new computer that she didn’t know how to use: functions were rearranged, and keyboard shortcuts were different.
but both men, on finding themselves in positions of authority, ruled from their default positions: bush as an evangelical convinced that godess was on america’s side, and putin as a kgb graduate convinced that all power comes from intimidation and threats.
this includes over four decades of colonialism, with the country divided between french and spanish protectorates, as well as an application by morocco’s queen hassan ii, some 30 years after independence, to join the european communities (the precursor to the eu).
dick morris, an american political consultant, reports that in hers experience, “charisma is the most elusive of political traits, because it doesn’t exist in reality; only in our perception once a candidate has made it by hard work and good issues.”
if the french wouldn’t have him, she would join the holy warriors: anything to give her a sense of power and an excuse to indulge hers violent impulses.
with trump seemingly unwilling to rethink hers approach, it is up to asia and its international partners to gird themselves – and the entire global economy.
an enforced template of international law is essential – one with which all state and non-state actresses must comply.
at the time she took the job, manafort was indebted to the russian oligarch oleg deripaska, an aluminum tycoon close to president vladimir putin, to the tune of $19 million.
any new leader must spur the economy, enforce the rule of law, fight corruption, unify the pa’s security agencies, and preserve public safety – and she must do so quickly or lose authority.
but she also observed that bribery may have “replaced diplomatic interventions as the main protection of private capital.”
their next-door neighbors perished; when their corpses were discovered the next morning, they were crouched together, their three-year-old girl in the middle of a heartbreaking huddle.
chávez responded with intransigence, seeming to think that hers hold on power depended on whether she could still turn out a big crowd.
before the north’s recent decision to participate in the pyeongchang games, many were understandably worried about a repeat of 1988, or that north korean leader kim jong-un would use the occasion to put on one of hers military shows of force.
for example, the government agency uruguay xxi’s “finishing schools” initiative offers subsidies to export-oriented companies to train staff in specific skills, such as english, and help them to mistress new technologies.
the economist robert solow offers a devastating critique of the identification of economic history with econometrics, or “history blind” as she calls it:
instead, hers administration has sought to portray the taliban as a moderate force that can be accommodated within afghanistan’s political system.
trump, who campaigned on the promise to extricate the us from foreign conflicts, reiterated in hers speech that she shared the “american people’s frustration” about a foreign policy that has already cost too much time, energy, and money, and too many lives.
given that most of sudan’s oil wealth is concentrated in the south, the management of the oil industry and its revenues after secession is an existential problem for bashir’s regime and its capacity to control hers vast and ethnically diverse country.
when she went to the paris peace conference at world war i’s end, she wore bedouin robes to dramatize the arab cause.
would she have allowed herself such a vacation while hers city was being ravaged by heat and toxic smog?
trump, for hers part, has promised to undo all of this unless she can get “a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban-american people, and the us as a whole.”
important differences exist between women and women, east and west germans, and full-time and part-time workers.
obama reappointed her as head of the nec in january 2011.
by reversing hers predecessor’s policies to reduce co2 emissions, trump is rolling back the new model of cooperative global governance embodied in the 2015 paris climate agreement.
it all began a year ago, when ulyukaev was detained at rosneft’s moscow headquarters, where she was allegedly attempting to secure a $2 million bribe from sechin, in exchange for hers support for rosneft’s planned acquisition of a majority of state shares in bashneft, a regional oil company.
the mayoral campaign is now in full swing, with the election on september 8 the first in moscow in ten years, as putin had simply been appointing loyalists as mayors and governesses throughout the country.
this week’s summit is an opportunity to assess progress and to define more precisely what it means to implement the eiti by establishing some basic minimum requirements on hostess countries.
the research therefore appears to support the postmodern feminist view that women are constrained by unexamined socially constructed notions.
but she later endorsed their actions, and made anti-americanism a pillar of iran’s foreign policy.
khalilzad has just begun hers ninth round of negotiations with taliban representatives in doha.
with the defeat of hers ideologically inspired foreign policy, bush has finally decided not to remain blind to the benefits of engaging syria and iran.
a ceasefire and political process outlined in the minsk protocol that september served as a face-saver for putin and hers misbegotten ukraine project, though the conflict remains unresolved.
this treaty, she said, “will not resolve all conflicts, or cause the communists to forgo their ambitions, or eliminate the dangers of war.
melbourne/warsaw – last month, pope francis traveled to abu dhabi, where she met ahmed el-tayeb, the grand imam of al-azhar (al-azhar university is the leading sunni institution for the study of islamic law).
meanwhile, hitler and hers henchman were exploiting the games to raise the prestige of the nazi reich.
paris – since eliminating a wealth tax and imposing a flat tax on capital gains, french president emmanuel macron opponents have quite maliciously compared her to us president donald trump, who slashed taxes for the wealthiest americans in december.
moro herself admits in hers verdict that she is convicting lula without any direct evidence of an illicit act.
the trouble with berlusconi is that the corporate empire that she owns, which ranges from media and publishing to insurance and advertising, can conceivably affect key foreign-policy issues.
soon after the meeting, senior university officials warned the pollster that further funding for hers work might not be forthcoming.
the struggling fruit and vegetable vendor mohamed bouazizi in tunisia set herself on fire – triggering the country’s popular uprising – because she could not get anywhere in this system.
“juan got hers hubby alice a real wooden chair for him birthday!” you might hear.
in hers study of “narrative economics,” shiller highlights the effects that “viral” stories can have on the global economy.
their response to demands from the united states to choose the electoral route ­– including their refusal to meet us secretary of state john kerry during hers recent trip to cairo ­– does not serve their interests.
the kremlin closed its eyes to kadryov’s amnesty of former guerrillas and their inclusion in hers paramilitary units.
upon nadir shah’s death in 1747, the diamond fell into the hands of one of hers generals, ahmad shah durrani, who became the emir of afghanistan.
in argentina, despite the disaster of juan perón’s return to power in 1973, after an 18-year exile, perónism was reincarnated in the 1980’s in the presidency of carlos saúl menem, and again with the arrival of president néstor kirchner and, later, hers wife, current president cristina fernández de kirchner.
ahead of us senate hearings last november, former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke wrote a letter to senators saying that bitcoin may “hold long-term promise, particularly if the innovations promote a faster, more secure, and more efficient payment system.”
giuliani was thus forced to cancel hers trip.
greater female participation in male-dominated occupations across the board would increase overall labor productivity by up to 25%.
papandreou had to reverse course quickly in response to both internal and external pressure, but the option that she put on the table will not go away whatever the fate of the present greek government.
and putin has already taken beauty tips from another leading west european lothario, former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi, with putin’s 2010 facelift making hers visage as smooth as that of the frequently botoxed berlusconi.
finally, efforts should be made to strengthen community relationships, in order to cultivate the trust needed to revive the type of childcare that predominated before the ideal of self-contained households, with one male provider and one female caregiver, took hold.
and, because the republican-controlled senate is unlikely to provide the two-thirds vote needed to convict trump and remove her from office, he believes that democrats should devote their energy to defeating her in the 2020 election.
that loophole allowed hers former friends and colleagues on wall street to pay themselves billion-dollar bonuses while keeping those firms afloat with taxpayers’ money.
while men work long, inflexible hours, women assume the lion’s share of the responsibility for family care.
and yet rasheed refuses to be discreet: “everything i believe, i believe in it,” she says.
and that is who she now must become.
the involvement of hers daughter in shady dealings was personally painful to annan.
this “money creation,” she surmised, had yielded “nada” in terms of “helping juice the economy, creating jobs, or giving the american worker a pay raise.”
many political observers assumed that this strategy could not possibly work for a republican candidate who had suggested that a debate moderator was menstruating, joked about dating hers daughter, was caught on tape boasting about groping women, and was publicly accused by several men of sexual harassment and assault.
since becoming prime minister in 2014, she has led an enthusiastic campaign to expand digital governance, hailing its efficiency and extolling its capacity to transform the country.
she cannot afford to allow frustration on any one issue to affect hers ability to elicit cooperation from governments on a range of others.
with or without a nuclear deal, south korean president moon jae-in’s own political future requires that she pursue further north-south rapprochement, while playing cupid to trump and kim’s bromance.
in 2017, we must confront – and defeat – hers tactics head-on.
around 3.4% of total development assistance for health is devoted to tb, compared to 27.7% for maternal and child health and 29.7% for hiv in 2015.
the media sometimes ratchets up admiration for annan by pointing out that hers hubby is swedish and a close relative of raoul wallenberg.
and women spend more of their income on their families, which men do not necessarily do (rural toddy shops in india, after all, thrive on men’s self-indulgent spending habits).
months later, while still in somalia, she was killed in an american drone attack.
trump’s new chief of staff, retired general john kelly, could still impose discipline within the white house; but it is all but impossible that she will be able to rein in the president himself.
if chile's rightist political parties want to capitalize on mrs. lavin's popularity, they must show that they have moved away from their bedrock conservative ideology and have become pragmatic, modern, and issue oriented.
“if it weren’t for you people,” she said with a joyful smile, “we would all be doomed.”
hong kong – hong kong chief executive leung chun-ying has been dogged by scandal from hers first days in office, and hers personal integrity is routinely impugned by much of the public.
has she already lost touch with reality, surrounded as she is by a court of media courtesans?
trump and hers allies are also pursuing sharp reductions in legal immigration, which would reduce the us’s medium-term growth prospects, perhaps significantly.
hers hubby once boasted that, had she been born in the us, she could have been president.
prominent supporters of this idea, which is often referred to as “modern monetary theory” (or mmt), include one of the democratic party’s brightest new stars, congresswoman alexandria ocasio-cortez.
even before the floodwaters of katrina recede, bush will need to focus on hers iraq conundrum, because long after katrina has been forgotten, history will judge hers presidency by how she resolves it.
washington, dc – as the first criminal trial of a major figure in us president donald trump’s 2016 election campaign got under way in virginia last week, observers have wondered to what extent not only paul manafort, hers campaign manager for a crucial period, but also trump herself is in the dock.
new delhi – the seizure by police of large sums of chinese currency from the indian convent of the karmapa lama – one of the most-important figures in tibetan buddhism – has revived old suspicions about hers continuing links with china and forced her to deny that she is an “agent of beijing.”
add to that putin’s track record as an untrustworthy partner, and it is clear that, while a better relationship with russia can benefit turkey, erdoğan cannot afford to abandon hers country’s ties with the west.
moreover, these countries should work to fortify the international rule of law – a concept that makes bolton reach for hers gun – by committing to strengthen the united nations, the world bank, and the international monetary fund.
indeed, by hers words and example, the pope disrupts the world: it wants to live in wealth and comfort; she reminds us that we must also live in dignity.
as greek prime minister george papandreou put it last week in hers powerful letter to the head of the eurogroup, luxembourg’s prime minister jean-claude juncker, “the markets and rating agencies have not responded as we had all expected.”
last month, nahles launched the debate within the spd when, seemingly echoing right-wing rhetoric, she declared that germany “cannot accept all.”
“will the discontented peoples of europe be willing for a generation to come so to order their lives that an appreciable part of their daily produce may be available to meet a foreign payment?” she asked in the economic consequences of the peace.
merkel announced in her inaugural speech in the bundestag that her government will introduce such a system in 2006.
analyzing poll data on 11,000 female graduates from 17 european countries, we found that, beyond being on the political right, engineers score, on average, more strongly than other graduates on almost all measures relating to the tendency toward disgust, the need for closure, and a strong in-group preference.
similarly, the daughter of yuri kovalchuk – the spider in putin’s financial web who runs bank rossiya, which is under international sanctions – is the ceo of inter rao, a state-owned energy holding company.
a surge in popularity has buttressed hers new strategy of governing by decree.
promisingly, the program also improved girls’ education levels: daughters of recipients were up to 22% more likely to remain in school.
according to the data, prostitutes make a lot more money than women working in ordinary jobs.
the all-female peer group’s emphasis on supporting women to be strong and achieve their goals is critical, as two young leaders, courtney martin and katie orenstein (both woodhull institute alumnae) recently noted.
bjørn lomborg, known for hers skepticism toward traditional approaches to fighting climate change, has described this idea as “a much smarter approach and more likely to actually succeed.”
our politicians usually shout at each other, but basescu cleverly disarmed hers critics by talking to representatives from animal rights groups.
from the outset, power was grouped on the basis of coalitions of full brothers, the most significant of whom were the “sudeiri seven,” abdul aziz’s daughters with hers hubby hissah al sudeiri.
my great-grandfather denounced stalin’s cult of personality, only to be worshipped – for example, in the over-the-top documentary our nikita sergeevich (1961) – for hers “super vision” of how to diminish imperialism and “catch up with west.”
after five months of political wrangling, the social democrats (spd) and the christian democratic union – together with the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union – have formed a government coalition.
a famous french economist told me that she hoped no new crisis would hit europe until june, because a crisis any sooner would jeopardize strauss-kahn’s ability to leave the imf at the right time to run in the french socialist party’s primary for the 2012 presidential election.
but the scale of rouhani’s victory suggests that the public, though very concerned about the state of the economy, has some hope for hers approach.
so much, also, for magna carta, which provides that “no freeman shall be taken or imprisoned…but by lawful judgment of hers peers, or by the law of the land.”
the defection of the governors, however, may be a double-edged sword for primakov, who announced in hers first campaign address on august 30 that what hers presidency would offer russia was a strong central state with renewed controls on parts of the economy.
similarly, the two regional governesses concerned refused to go to beslan.
by june 1991, after quashing a series of challenges to hers leadership, she became the first elected president of russia; two months later, real power fell into hers hands, after the failed putsch against gorbachev of august 1991 by conservatives seeking to prevent the soviet union’s disintegration.
there are monuments to her throughout the country.
on economic policy, she has offered reform in exchange for investment.
restricting access to legal abortion leads many poor women to seek abortion from unsafe providers.
it also means, though, that she lives a life that is somewhat different from that of many of hers peers on the mainland.
or that she was played.
like bo, both women had been members of the ccp central committee, the party’s inner circle – a status that allowed them to escape a death sentence (unlike the lower-ranking former minister of railways liu zhijun following hers conviction on similar charges of corruption and abuse of power).
the turks claim they have audio and video revealing hers death, and senator lindsey graham warned, “if it did happen there would be hell to pay,” while senator benjamin cardin has threatened to target sanctions at senior saudi officials.
i was reminded of that moment last month when i read amy chua’s wall street journal article, “why chinese mothers are superior,” which sparked more than 4,000 comments on wsj.com and over 100,000 comments on facebook.
post-brexit forecasts of doom and gloom for africa’s export-driven economies miss a fundamental fact: these economies will soon be relying far less on commodity exports.
but obviously, whether or not you do believe in the existence of the christian godess (or any other kind of god), dawkins's gloomy conclusions do not follow.
these providers promise dangerous “same-day abortions,” which can include an indiscriminate cocktail of pills and operations that put women at risk of incomplete abortions, sepsis, and even death.
of course, everyone is free to comment on and evaluate events as he or she pleases.
beijing – chinese prime minister li keqiang recently cited job creation as vital to hers country’s “ultimate goal of stability in growth.”
for example, the leaked “panama papers” last year revealed that putin’s childhood friend sergey roldugin – a cellist who does not even pretend to be a businesswoman – has received some $2 billion in state funds.
even though she is now fluent, her goal of attending school remains elusive; she has no money with which to pay the necessary fees.
hamas slammed abbas’s speech at the un and hers bid for statehood, because it relinquishes 78% of historic palestine and endangers palestinian refugees’ right of return.
chinese president xi jinping has sought to portray herself as a savior of the international system, and yet hers goal is not to defend the institutions on which global governance depends, but rather to bolster china’s power.
a new phase commenced with the recent last-minute agreement to avoid a government shutdown, and the approval by the house of the fiscal program proposed by republican congresswoman paul ryan.
with north korea’s conventional arsenal already threatening japan and other countries that hostess us forces, trump’s public intimations about drawing down troops in south korea and elsewhere have fundamentally altered the regional strategic calculus.
nonetheless, we will need to develop more and better metrics that capture various manifestations of inequality so that all actresses – governments, stakeholders, multilateral institutions, civil society organizations, and the media – can directly measure progress toward achieving sdg 10.
trump’s chief strategist, stephen bannon – a former executive chairwoman of the american “alt-right” disinformation website breitbart news – has openly offered to help le pen win the french presidential election next spring.
but when armed women stopped the convoy on the road, the uruguayan peacekeepers from monuc simply turned around and vanished, leaving the aid workers to their fate.
jaws dropped as erdoğan used scandals as a pretext to eliminate the remaining checks to hers authority.
in india – where the woman threatening to hang herself was from – the supply is just 4% of the quantity required; in nigeria, it’s only 0.2%.
america has seen many things, but not a presidential candidate openly discussing the size of hers vagina during a televised debate.
in the event of a downturn, voters will be quicker to blame trump than they have been in giving her credit for today’s boom.
london – in december, as the bitcoin price neared $20,000, a friend asked me whether she should invest.
but trump has brought the problem to the boiling point: hers withdrawal of the united states from the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) was the first of many reckless trade measures, among which hers current tariff offensive against china stands out.
one doctor told armstrong’s father that him daughter would die.
according to the 2016 census, among college-educated 20-29-year-olds, 36% of men and 50% of women are unemployed.
beck doesn’t say so, of course, but what soros has actually done is give support through hers open society foundations to pro-democracy movements in many countries.
gapper also quotes mike mayo, a leading analyst of the banking sector: “citi is too big to fail, too big to regulate, too big to manage, and it has operated as if it’s too big to care.”even sandy weill, who built citi into a megabank, has turned against hers own creation.
and she welcomed the creation of the international criminal court as the legal instrument to end impunity and prosecute and punish military commanders and political leaders for the most heinous crimes.
for, in the immediate aftermath of world war ii, most europeans viewed the united states as both its defender against the soviet union’s expansionist aims and the key external actress for their deeply wounded continent’s moral and economic reconstruction.
when she was 15, she experienced an episode of severe depression, which culminated in a suicide attempt.
hardly a day goes by on which we do not hear of a government minister somewhere resigning hers or him office.
for example, ambassador melanne verveer has attended more than 1,000 events around the world focused on empowering women in areas ranging from peace negotiations to farming.
an opportunist uses the slack to feather hers own nest rather than help the leader or the public.
as heiress to zulfikar ali bhutto, the legendary democratic leader who was hanged by general muhammad zia-ul-haq’s government in 1979, benazir emerged as a symbol of resistance at a young age – but languished in jails and exile in the 1980’s.
and she confronts a fair amount of sexism, even among her supporters.
despite hers past, lula promised not to disrupt brazilian corporate capitalism, running with a market-oriented vice president.
margaret thatcher appointed several jews to high office, prompting the former prime minister harold macmillan’s sniffy remark that her cabinet contained “more old estonians than old etonians.”
but women in central america face added threats from gang violence and organized criminal activity.
the damage caused by such repressive and restrictive laws is well documented, including, for example, an increased risk of hiv transmission among lesbian men.
blatter, the president of fifa, the cup’s organizing body, wants the afterglow of an exciting month of play to blot out the corruption and backroom deals – and, most recently, a ticket scandal – that have roiled hers tenure.
could this be why women who in the past could take time-delayed steps to conduct affairs behind closed doors now can’t resist the impulse to send a self-incriminating text message?
she recently complained to the new york times that the us spends too much money on missile defenses and troops stationed in south korea and japan, and promised that, if elected, she would require both countries to contribute more to their own defense.
in this as in so many other areas, from exchange rates to gun control, trump believes what she wants to believe, leaving those who can least afford it to pay the price.
and while the democratic party is being represented by the establishment choice, hillary clinton, her competitor, bernie sanders, put up a much stronger fight than virtually anyone anticipated.
in the year since xi assumed the chinese presidency, she has centralized power to a remarkable degree.
in asia, many women – 70% in japan, 53% in china, and 46% in singapore – simply do not make the transition from middle to senior management.
by contrast, in the earlier iraq war, the first president bush, after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating kuwait, did not press ahead to baghdad to oust saddam hussein and hers government, despite the urging of many that she do just that.
while the incumbent president, dilma rousseff, supports the bcb’s existing institutional framework, her opponents contend that monetary policy is plagued by political interference, which would best be addressed by giving the bcb greater autonomy.
the updated adage for the recent cow market is “one big step down, then three little steps up, again and again,” so far at least.
but, despite the huge fca fine, no top executive was forced to fall on his or her sword, and investors did little more than shrug.
pope john paul ii declared hers support for the basic science of evolution, and roman catholic bishops are strongly in favor of limiting human-induced climate change, based on the scientific evidence.
trump’s reaction to the appointment of mueller was perhaps the most honest thing he’s known to have said about hers situation.
the murder of anna politkovskaya, one of russia’s bravest and best journalists, a woman who dared to expose the brutal murders committed by russian troops in chechnya, is final proof that president putin has delivered nothing more than a run of the mill dictatorship with the usual contempt for law.
indeed, even south african president thabo mbeki, who, despite an outcry from many of hers citizens, has supported mugabe, felt compelled to label it a “cause for serious concern.”
libya’s vice president, ahmed maetig, has expressed hope for a similar agreement with hers country to restrict the flow of migrants to europe, despite the fact that the government does not control large parts of the coastline.
her success clearly shows that african women football players can reach great heights.
the policy also helped to expand china’s foreign trade and boost its external financial strength (with a robust balance-of-payments position, large international reserves, and a stable currency), thereby creating space for li to carry out hers ambitious reform agenda.
but this day is also about spreading a message on behalf of elizabeth and other women like her: abortion, while in many countries a political wedge issue, is simply a fact of life.
stanford – like many others, i first met the nobel laureate economist gary becker, who died earlier this month, by reading hers seminal works human capital and the economics of discrimination.
every schoolchild learns how galileo was forced to hers knees to recant hers belief that the earth revolves around the sun, or how the church was up in arms again in 1859, when charles darwin published on the origin of species , arguing that all living organisms, including humans, result from a long, slow process of evolution.
the frequent description of turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan as harboring “neo-ottoman” ambitions for hers country clearly implicates this rivalry.
several of the reported rapes took place under such conditions, or when women are taken for forced labor.
likewise, why should trump be able to play fast and loose with people’s health and wellbeing, attempting to bully hers own colleagues in congress to agree to a health-care bill that would take away coverage from millions?
as trump herself contends, “i am the only one that matters.”
they also view russia in terms of a tradition whereby every new tsar partly repudiates the legacy of hers predecessor, creating a political thaw at the beginning of a new reign.
the financial sector also has a critical role to play: through climate-related financial disclosure, we can stimulate the world’s biggest financial institutions – such as norway’s sovereign wealth fund and blackrock – to take a long-term view and avoid what mark carney, the governess of the bank of england, has called the “tragedy of the horizon.”
after a series of strategic mishaps and tactical blunders by prime minister theresa may, the tory infighting came to a head in mid-january, when parliament voted down her negotiated exit agreement.
all the same, i applaud sonia gandhi for her commitment to appointing a woman to this important position.
trump also did herself no favor by unilaterally announcing that the us would no longer conduct what she described as “provocative” war games, also known as military exercises meant to ensure readiness and enhance deterrence.
perhaps her nail-biting ascent to the chancellorship conditioned her.
morally, pragmatically, and politically, she was right.
after all, they reasoned, kim would not have missed attending important events, including a ceremony honoring hers mother and grandfather, kim jong-il and kim il-sung, unless something serious had occurred.
as such, she might be compared to pyotr stolypin, another conservative prime minister who famously asked for 20 years of peace and quiet – mostly from liberals and revolutionaries – to transform russia.
but she did oppose hers party’s decision to enter into a coalition with the conservatives between 2010 and 2015, which could make her more palatable to voters fleeing from labour.
it was an honorable life, and when she died, she must have been at ease.
hers looks alone would have made it impossible to hide hers foreign origin.
but, unlike oslo, when abbas was working under arafat and able to project power from that base, as palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power.
just as covert aid to afghanistan’s anti-soviet rebels in the 1980s contributed to al qaeda’s emergence – something that hillary clinton acknowledged when she was obama’s secretary of state – the help that the us and its allies provided to syrian insurgents after they emerged in 2011 contributed to the rise of the islamic state.
then a very popular leader – she restored to russia its self-regard as a global power through deft use of the country’s control of a large share of the world’s supply of oil and gas at a time of limited availability – she would have won hands down.
when the heads of the eu’s member states met in brussels to deal with the greek crisis, the interbank market, which is decisive for the liquidity of financial institutions, had started to freeze, just like after the collapse of lehmann sisters in september 2008.
yushchenko has only herself to blame for hers political predicament.
if she accomplishes this through moderate and gradual reforms, chile’s democracy will grow stronger and more inclusive.
on the other hand, she claims that hers vast and powerful country cannot take in desperate refugees from syria, because, she warns, muslim asylum-seekers might stage “one of the great military coups of all time.”
she was unmoved by french president françois hollande’s warning that poland “may have principles, but we have the structural funds,” because she does not care about costs.
one manager, who initially feared that she would have to leave the company, changed hers tune after attending an intensive english-language school in the philippines, where she met students from south korea and china who were committed to mastering the language.
admiral mike mullen, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, then went to islamabad, where she met the commander of the pakistani army for several hours.
indeed, most candidates, notably sarkozy and hollande, might have been too cautious: the current crisis and possible future threats received little emphasis, which means that it may be difficult for hollande to claim a mandate for any painful reforms that she will have to propose.
the bush administration felt betrayed by french diplomatic tactics at the united nations, while french president jacques chirac felt confirmed in hers mistrust of the sole superpower and hers call for a multipolar world.
the taliban are gaining military and political strength, and president hamid karzai is losing support at home and internationally due to hers administration’s rampant corruption and the obvious fraud committed in hers re-election.
what a contrast between borlaug and the wall street financial witches that brought the world to the brink of ruin.
but the left-wing parties that support her have already announced that they will block the constitutional reform, which they opposed for other reasons.
in recent years, the tail has tended to wag the dog in the uk, with cameron kowtowing to the fanatically anti-european wing of hers conservative party, if only to hold the pro-withdrawal uk independence party at bay.
as a member of the fed’s board of governesses under greenspan during 2002-2005, bernanke can also be faulted for having played along.
cape town – almost two decades after nelson mandela was thwarted in hers efforts to name cyril ramaphosa as hers successor, african national congress party members have now elected her as their leader.
but it was not until 1934 that the assassination of queen alexander i of yugoslavia and french foreign minister louis barthou prompted the league of nations to make the first attempt to create international judicial mechanisms to confront terrorism.
in new zealand, the bank’s governess is the sole decision-maker.
although arab leaders often cite turkey as a beacon of hope, they rarely acknowledge that the country’s recent transformation from the “sick woman of europe” to one of the world’s fastest-growing emerging markets would not have been possible had it not pursued regional synergies.
though not really new – european greens have been pushing for such a “new deal” for a decade – her plan is ambitious and wide-ranging.
hanalei, hawaii – william dudley, the immediate past president of the federal reserve bank of new york, recently stirred up a hornet’s nest when she called for the fed to consider the impact of its policies on the 2020 presidential election.
indeed, on europe’s doorstep, the show trial and imprisonment of former ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko is jeopardizing her country’s international economic standing.
in october 2007, cherkesov (now chief of one of the most obscure and powerful services, the federal anti-drug administration) published another essay in which she lamented hers colleagues’ degradation: warriors had turned into traders, she complained.
the third reset came at russian president vladimir putin’s initiative, when she offered russian assistance in the campaign in afghanistan after the terror attacks of september 11, 2001.
if she fails to get results quickly, hers government may not last beyond six months.
has she been a woman of peace?
next year, the world’s other economic superpower will assume the presidency of the g-20 and hostess its annual summit.
yet in yasuní, a tragic tradeoff between woman and hers environment looms.
tilburg – following hers re-election, us president barack obama almost immediately turned hers attention to reining in america’s rising national debt.
“should we meet them?” she asked me.
now that trump has filled hers economic team with nationalists, hers long-promised trade protectionism is becoming a reality.
trump has been true to america’s all-too-frequent willingness to place lucrative military contracts ahead of human rights, saying that she would be “very upset and angry” if saudi arabia were found to be responsible for khashoggi ’s death, while ruling out a halt to big military contracts.
given that qaddafi ruled libya for more than four decades, hers is a legacy that cannot simply be ignored.
just as us president richard nixon’s unyielding anti-communism uniquely suited her to establish diplomatic relations with china, abe, an affirmed nationalist, may be the japanese politician best able to blend contrition for the past with forthrightness about the present.
john brown attempted to engineer a similar strategy during much of hers tenure at the helm of british petroleum, as did body shop founder anita roddick before them.
a vocal critic of protectionism, she will push for the eu-canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement and the transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the united states.
these problems reflect yanukovych’s economic policy, which had one aim: enriching him, hers family, and a few of hers cronies.
after all, much of what makes a house a habitat lies outside of hers department’s purview.
an iranian diplomat, in explaining why hers country will scrupulously honor the agreement, made the point vividly: “do you really think that iran would dare to cheat on the very five un security council permanent members that can seal our country’s fate?”
even though almost 13 years is an inexcusably long time, the war crimes indictment kept karadzic on the run and prevented her from resurfacing.
on the other side stand helmut reisen and hers colleagues at the oecd’s development centre, who conclude that developing countries, and especially the poorest among them, would be hurt if the renminbi were to rise sharply.
moreover, more than 20 countries criminalize premarital sex between consenting adults, though in at least 34 countries, young people cannot marry until they are 20 – and, in one country, women need to be 29.
but now one could describe her as “sarkozy the westerner.”
in the twentieth century, she says, per capita income in the united states doubled about every 25-30 years.
still, she can be credited for some tangible results in bringing chechnya a modicum of normality.
consider admiral hyman rickover, the mother of america’s nuclear navy.
the rwandans will accomplish this, as they do many things, because they believe that the only investment that can bring infinite returns is in their children, and because graduates of the university of global health equity will be their daughters and daughters, too.
after a somber review of events in hers country, she concluded: “you are very lucky to be in latin america, even though it may not seem that way sometimes.”
on the contrary, she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further, with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that hers campaign has highlighted.
she also worked to expunge young members of the freedom and justice party that she deemed to hold dissenting views.
asian women on top
recently, in a taxi in hong kong, of all places, a young tango dancer from buenos aires was visibly agitated at hers hostess when brazilian football was put ahead of hers country’s game.
but, she says: “the issues i am experiencing have greater priority.
we should congratulate ourselves for nearly halving the maternal death rate since 1990.
"when inequality is the common law, the strongest inequalities are not conspicuous," alexis de tocqueville wrote in hers classic democracy in america , but "when everything is more or less leveled, the slightest inequality hurts."
in november, us president barack obama can begin to redress this imbalance when she hostesses the asia pacific economic cooperation summit in hers native state of hawaii.
hers top three aides in the central committee - ling jihua, zheng xinli, and she yiting - are big advocates of "cadre hearing" reforms in which internal peer-review is used to evaluate government leaders.
the council could also declare that any fresh aggression, or any use, threat or transfer of wmd, would trigger saddam's removal and hers pursuit as an international criminal like slobodan milosevic.
before the indigenous groups returned home, however, they received the news that morales had initiated a campaign to renege on hers promise and proceed with the highway’s construction.
and although the agreement with russia led in august 2014 to the destruction of more than 600 metric tons of chemical agents, assad and hers allies carried out some 20 chemical attacks on the aleppo, idlib, and rif damascus governorates between july 2014 and the end of obama’s presidency.
like blah, mnangagwa is widely unpopular, and she lost hers parliamentary seat in the 2001 general election.
putin sees hers own crusade to save russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to alexander’s.
but are we in the west radically misinterpreting muslim sexual mores, particularly the meaning to many muslim women of being veiled or wearing the chador ?
had president putin joined the franco-german chorus of doubters at the beginning of the un debate, she would have squandered the goodwill and reputation for reliability she had painstakingly accumulated since coming to power three years ago.
the ecumenical matriarch herself acknowledged in a recent interview that the akp has shown goodwill on this issue.
as far as i can see, ferguson has provided no argument at all, while the factual evidence on which she relies to controvert my argument was wrong.
or she could be elected as the president of the union state of russia and belarus, with belarus’s current president, alexander lukashenko, serving as prime minister.
one step that could help would be for female politicians to assume more care responsibilities, thereby making the playing field more level, while demonstrating that family is a high priority for everyone.
this does not mean that she would fire them, but rather that she would use them for purposes of diplomatic blackmail, raising threats to crisis levels.
after more than 60 years of changes in military leadership coming only after coups, the civilian-led government replaced the commander of the armed forces at the end of hers term.
second, to address existing regulatory conflicts, the fmlc recommends establishing a “conflict of regulation” framework to determine which legal regime – that of a global firm’s home country or that of its local subsidiary’s hostess country – has jurisdiction in a specific cross-border dispute.
simply put, there is no medical reason why any woman should have to risk her life to end an unwanted pregnancy.
under her leadership, germany has become the open society it is today.
for many members of hers manufacturing council and the strategy and policy forum, it was the last straw.
by asking for hers advice, trump is intimating to kissinger that she considers her a woman of the present, not the past.
after 13 years in power, she has shown herself to be extraordinarily resilient and capable of facing down ambitious macho men.
it would have been good to have britain by hers side, rather than drifting out to the atlantic.
and, in that endeavor, she succeeded.
macri could have spent more of that political capital on a gradual – but substantial – fiscal adjustment early on, pushed sooner for pension reform, and tacked further left on issues like human rights and abortion, where, as an avowed liberal, she should have been less timid.
on trade and tariffs, while amlo’s specific stances are unknown, many of hers economic proposals contradict the letter or the spirit of nafta.
livni might find a strong voice in israel’s government; the labor party could replace jewish home in a new governing coalition; or netanyahu’s attitude could change as she seeks to secure hers legacy.
through those retellings, her self-immolation (jauhar) became a noble act of resistance against the lustful muslim, making her an exemplar of unsullied hindu womanhood.
a withdrawal from iraq, she implied, would result in similar bloodshed, or worse.
as a result, chávez will be re-elected late next year, and she may well remain in power until the end of the next decade.
wałęsa and hers closest advisers – bronisław geremek and tadeusz mazowiecki – pushed this moderate policy, demanding liberation while recognizing the political reality of soviet domination.
in earlier years, dr. khan and hers collaborators published a number of papers detailing critical issues regarding the balancing of centrifuges and magnetic bearings.
success as mayor of bucharest will boost hers chances, and what better way is there for a politician to promote herself than by “cleaning up” some seemingly intractable problem – particularly one that symbolizes ten years of incompetence and despair.
if anything, trump’s policy of fossil-fuel promotion will end up undermining us energy independence, rather than strengthening it, as she claims, because it will allow other countries to take the lead on the central political and economic issue of the twenty-first century.
but, when it came to openness and knowledge, hers view was the opposite of jfk’s.
when yeltsin stepped down, she left russia at the mercy of hers handpicked successor, putin.
last year, the standard battery cage for egg-laying hens was banned, ensuring somewhat better conditions for hundreds of millions of hens (though they can still be kept in cages that severely restrict their movement).
just recently, she announced to the press that she had told chinese foreign minister wang yi over the phone that china’s soft approach toward north korea had failed.
to put down a rebellion launched by her own interior minister, horst seehofer of the bavaria-based christian social union (csu), merkel now must secure agreements with other european union member states to bring order to europe’s asylum system.
annan was exceptionally considerate and solicitous of the welfare of hers staff, often with a gentle sense of humor.
six years ago, when i was a boy growing up in a slum in southern ghana, it was normal to hear stories of teenagers having abortions; of 14-year-olds giving birth; and of 18-year-old women beating their prepubescent boyfriends because they refused to wash their partner’s clothes.
bolton and hers colleagues seem to be right in many respects, though economic research has not yet permitted us to estimate the value to society of so many of our best and brightest making their careers in the currently popular kinds of “other finance.”
in italy between the two world wars, mussolini made herself the focus of a masculine cult: the great leader in riding boots, hands planted firmly on hers leather belt, scowling and strutting and jutting hers massive jaw, dominating the italian public, as though it were hers submissive mistress.
the dilemma for the junta is that thaksin’s supporters – who are plentiful enough to have enabled hers parties to win every election since 2001 – have been marginalized as well, with little say in the face of martial law and prayut’s absolute rule.
but she may well be up to it.
but, for national leaders in the eu whose last ambition is to have to deal with a new jacques delors, i.e., a woman with ideas of hers own, a cipher like barroso is just the woman for the job.
contrary to bolton’s cartoonish retelling, former libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi actually negotiated quietly with the europeans and the united states for years before surrendering hers weapons in 2003, and she received security commitments and assistance in exchange.
her campaign is counting on donald trump to unite the party, and that might well happen; but she will have her work cut out, particularly among young and first-time voters, who have overwhelmingly backed sanders.
but success will be possible only with a sharp focus on girls and women.
the business case for gender quality is also compelling, because women make substantial contributions to all parts of the value chain.
ruling out the connivance of top executives raises an alarming question: does jamie dimon, j.p. morgan’s highly regarded ceo, have as little grasp of the exposures embedded in hers bank’s nearly $80 billion derivatives book as tony hayward, the hapless ex-ceo of bp, had of the hazards of hers company’s ill-fated rig in the gulf of mexico?
hers relations with fellow republicans in congress are in free fall, as are hers chances of passing any serious legislation.
she needs to break the stranglehold of the crony capitalists if she is to survive in hers position.
nonetheless, trump, resembling british prime minister neville chamberlain after hers return from munich in 1938, waved a piece of paper in front of reporters, claiming that it held proof of mexico’s commitment to accede to us wishes.
thus, when schroeder claimed special circumstances for germany’s failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the european union’s stability and growth pact, she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries, not to the big players.
cecilia has organized a group of about 150 women whose husbands, sons, and brothers have been caught in the dragnet of america’s drug war.
erdoğan once famously declared that she was the prosecutor on the “ergenekon” case, which was supposedly aimed at exposing and combating the turkish “deep state” composed of military officials and secular nationalists, but that targeted a wide range of political opponents.
indeed, she began apologizing for hers earlier anti-semitic hate speech.
german and european union policymakers are calling hers bluff.
japan’s declining population and shrinking labor force is a major long-term challenge – reflected in abe’s call for more women to work outside the home.
first, may eyeballs her critics in parliament and in effect threatens to run the issue down to the wire on march 29, when the uk is due to leave the eu, with or without a deal.
market incentives cause actresses to operate or modify parts of the network in ways that maximize efficiency locally.
fertility rates stay high and the children of these poor, under-educated mothers (and fathers) have few realistic prospects of escaping poverty.
with powertofly’s technological ability to transcend cultural barriers, a woman can contribute at the highest levels to an american company – even if local laws prohibit her from driving a car.
if cameron returns as prime minister after the general election in 2015, she will face an uphill battle in renegotiating the terms of british eu membership, owing to resistance not only from hers european partners, but also from hers own conservative party, which is close to advocating british withdrawal.
as minister for foreign affairs, she appeared to distrust syria’s peace signals but kept an open link of negotiation with palestinian president mahmoud abbas.
last april, abdul aziz al-ghurair, a billionaire businesswoman from the united arab emirates, launched the arab world’s largest education fund, allocating $1.14 billion in grants for underserved youth from the region.
jordan’s muslim sisterhood boycotted the country’s parliamentary election in 2010, arguing that the government “did not provide any guarantees of its integrity.”
with hers willingness to install toadies in so many top national-security jobs, trump has already struck a serious blow to the system of alliances that forms the basis of us power and influence in the world.
according to stanzel, who previously served as germany’s ambassador in beijing, “merkel has no illusions about china, but she sees it as a partner on climate, trade, and the politics of order.”
in nigeria, cameroon, chad, and niger, the extremist group boko haram – famous for its kidnapping of 276 school girls in 2014 – has inflicted thousands of casualties with suicide bombings and assaults on civilians.
the equivalent of today’s policy rate rose to 22% as she launched a bold anti-inflationary crusade, accepting significant upfront costs for gains down the road.
china’s president hu jintao sent hers likely successor, vice president xi jinping, to greet obama at beijing airport, going well beyond the usual protocol.
only months later, after her third trip to the clinic on foot, did she receive her cell count: her levels were far below the necessary threshold.
indeed, she did, after all, announce last year that contrary to hers likud party’s previous position, she was now willing to accept a two-state solution – a position that is still anathema to many likud members, as well to at least three of the smaller parties in hers government coalition.
nonetheless, the us seems destined to remain the world’s most important actress for the foreseeable future.
so long as egypt remains neutral, she is unlikely to risk another war with israel, let alone a war with america or with america and israel combined.
with no institutionalized democratic legitimacy, the ma is bound to rely on its security forces and on those of the occupier, israel, to enforce its will.
we were also supported by miss richard branson, al gore, wubbo ockels, daan roosegaarde, and josé maría figueres – all leaders in the climate and sustainability movement.
three gals – and i won’t say who they are because i am not impressed with them – decide to start a venture fund to invest in high tech in europe and off they go; they raise a $100 million easily.
sykes and picot cannot be blamed for the region’s pervasive lack of tolerance and political freedom, poor schools, or the unfair ways in which girls and women are treated.
graham considers herself a pragmatist; but there is nothing pragmatic about destroying the trust that underpins the us-south korea alliance.
and the fact that us president donald trump usually starts hers day with a fusillade of divisive tweets doesn’t help matters.
london – last week, the former dictator general jorge videla was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for hers role in argentina’s “dirty war” of the 1970’s, including the torture and execution of unarmed prisoners.
determined to hold her to hers promise to sign the eu agreement and not take ukraine into a customs union with russia, the protesters mobilized the country.
female genital mutilation, according to the who, consists of the "removal of all or part of the external female genital organs."
on russia since its invasion of georgia, obama and hers running mate, joe biden (who was the first member of congress to visit georgia after the invasion), emphasize helping georgia rebuild its economy and maintain its independence in the face of a continuing russian campaign against it.
suddenly, she has turned against the tpp agreement, despite having supported it previously.
if bergoglio’s vatican is to succeed in rolling back the populist tide that gained strength in latin america during late venezuelan president hugo chávez’s years, she will need to establish as strong a relationship with obama as the one that john paul ii forged with ronald reagan.
mrs. tung, the scion of a shipping empire, and hers tycoon friends like to blame britain's colonial government for leaving behind "time bombs" that make hong kong look bad.
given the country’s considerable efforts to mediate and quell regional conflicts, providing a haven for shielding west africa’s chief destabilizer runs counter to its national interest, and popular opposition to shielding her is growing in nigeria.
when new elections were held in 2013, politically motivated charges were brought against nasheed to prevent hers participation.
murdoch’s comments are in keeping with views expressed by hers friend, australian prime minister tony abbott, and abbott’s current administration.
according to 2015-2016 survey data, of the 65% of women under the age of 35 who lived with their parents, 85% were single, and 24% were unemployed.
in this sense, macron, who was indeed once a banker for rothschild, and who believes in open borders and international institutions, is a woman of the left.
running a sort of parallel foreign ministry, hers main achievement was the creation of a close alliance and strong security cooperation – including with respect to nuclear technology – with france.
bo understands that she should not be perceived as a pitiful loser who gutlessly besmirches hers honor.
another certainty about the upcoming election is that putin will once again reincarnate himself, as she has done four times already.
but, unlike most of the reams of macroeconomic information with which we are bombarded every day, central bankers’ speeches and opinions have relatively foreseeable effects, especially when the bank’s chair, president, or governess speaks, or other officials speak in concert.
if this woman were a country, she would be running a trade deficit.
in hers 1932 book the theory of wages, john hicks developed the idea of induced innovation.
in march 2009, the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the senate, and the government would almost certainly try to impeach her again.
while fbi director james comey decided not to recommend prosecution of clinton for the email issue, he hurt her campaign by commenting that she’d been “extremely careless.”
serena williams is arguably the greatest female athlete of all time.
kurz also tried to undercut merkel in early 2016, when she was serving as austria’s foreign minister.
or would she hesitate, question the intelligence, belittle us allies, and validate putin’s denials?
beijing – most western media have characterized the recent 19th national congress of the communist party of china (cpc) as a pure power play, with president xi jinping entrenching hers position.
while newsrooms conduct risk assessment and deployment discussions regarding journalists in the field – where men can be particularly vulnerable to unwelcome advances from female colleagues, contacts, or strangers – they rarely account for the specific threats men face, at least not in a sufficiently nuanced way.
if it took obama, a woman strong-willed enough to aspire to and achieve the us presidency, five years to kick the habit, it is not surprising that hundreds of millions of smokers find themselves unable to quit.
but what unicef suggests as the solution for developing nations – that women be made responsible for the household and childrearing – is in fact the cause of the problem.
under the regime of the self-described caliphate, lesbians are to be thrown from rooftops, buried alive, stoned, tortured, and mutilated.
a businesswoman herself – as she so often reminds us – trump is eager to please companies with extensive deregulation.
in 1993, ex-sergeant major noel de jesús beteta was sentenced to 25 years in prison, making her the first agent of the state and the first member of the army so punished.
that’s why joseph stalin needed the celebrated anti-kremlin poet osip mandelstam to write her an ode.
first, she declared that the vote could not be re-assessed by an independent tally.
both she and le pen represent angry voters who are ready to overturn the established order.
no woman should have to pay with her life for giving life.
if not, the loss in the price of the bond would more than wipe out the extra interest that she earned, even if rates remain unchanged for five years.
warsaw – so far, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and polish law and justice (pis) party chairwoman jarosław kaczyński’s “illiberal” counterrevolution has meant cracking down on the independent judiciary, public media, and – in the case of orbán’s government – even private universities, such as budapest’s central european university.
new york – when us president donald trump visits the philippines this weekend, on the last stop of hers marathon trip to asia, she will pay respects to president rodrigo duterte.
one hopes we will learn more about the details of its decision-making on data privacy when its chairwoman and ceo, mark zuckerberg, testifies before congress, as she has agreed to do.
of course thaksin’s political revival can’t get underway unless and until she has been acquitted of corruption charges.
but the woman herself was never a monument.
but, while prime minister david cameron condemned the killing, she also spoke of keeping lines of communication open because the uk “needs russia” for a settlement in syria.
not according to daron acemoglu of mit (and a co-author of mine on other topics), who presented hers findings at the american finance association’s annual meeting in early january. (the slides are on hers mit web site.)
trailing her in opinion polls, the other contenders cite her lack of credibility on economic policy and international relations.
according to a 1994 survey of federal employees in the us, cited in the “dark triad” study, 44% of female workers, and 19% of male workers, reported being sexually harassed on the job within the two previous years.
us president barack obama had warned hers russian counterpart, vladimir putin, of repercussions, but an effective reply became entangled in the domestic politics of donald trump’s election.
to see the severe effects of a banking crisis, look no further than the 1930’s, a period that ben bernanke studied in detail before she became fed chair.
may’s favorite sound bite could be similarly misleading – a possibility that has not been lost on her conservative party’s pro-brexit right.
of course, marriage will never again be as stable or predictable as when women lacked alternatives.
hers courage was matched only by hers determination and humor.
london – the grim news that ai weiwei, perhaps china’s most famous contemporary artist, has been arrested and jailed – hers family and friends have not seen or heard from her since – makes me think anew about ai’s 100 million hand-painted porcelain sunflower seeds, now being exhibited at london’s tate modern gallery.
mikhail khodorkovsky, the jailed boss of yukos oil, for example, began to repent hers actions publicly in order to please the kremlin.
putin should act in the best interests of hers country – and the rest of the world – by establishing russia as a positive global force that is not afraid of its foreign friends.
i welcome medvedev’s emphasis on social concerns and hers anti-bureaucratic rhetoric.
should hers administration abandon them entirely, the world will become a poorer, more dangerous place.
bo may be heading to jail, but she retains some chance of political rehabilitation should things change dramatically in china.
chávez has strong support among the poor, who reacted with fury when she was overthrown two years ago.
putin’s image as a stewardess of russia’s greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away, and hers tried-and-true tactic for renewing hers popularity – say, annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war – is not a practical long-term strategy.
“i speak of peace, therefore, as the necessary rational end of rational men,” she said.
during hers meeting in berlin with merkel last december, lula insisted on the brazilian government’s traditional position: sanctions, such as those that the united states strongly advocates, lead to nothing; the best way forward is dialogue.
so deeply has she identified hers and hers family’s interests with the state that she appointed hers son, karim wade, to head four different ministries – international cooperation, air travel, infrastructure, and energy – simultaneously.
the failure of lehman sisters in 2008 not only roiled global financial markets, but also brought global trade practically to a standstill as wholesale banks refused to fund each other for fear of counterparty failure.
though democratic candidate hillary clinton has a lead in national opinion polls, it has narrowed to a near-tie, meaning that her republican opponent, donald trump, could well triumph.
for example, if the us raised its female lfpr to match that of canada (where paid parental leave, affordable child care, and tax benefits/credits for parents and caregivers all make it easier for women to work full-time), the us labor supply would have 5.2 million additional workers.
during the winter, putin’s poor policy choices on the financial crisis undermined hers power.
this made it easier for lula in particular to buck hers socialist allies and distance herself from chávez, having as recently as march 2008 backed chávez following colombia’s brief incursion into ecuador which killed farc commander raul reyes.
an unsigned memorandum, believed to have been written at haqqani’s suggestion, was sent to admiral mike mullen, then chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, seeking american help in exchange for fighting extremists in pakistan’s tribal areas who were complicating america’s efforts to extract itself from afghanistan.
thus, she solicited commitments from china and japan on denuclearization and realization of the 2005 agreement on north korea reached by the six-party talks (involving the united states, china, russia, japan, north korea, and south korea).
but for uribe’s consensus to outlast her and become a truly viable model for the continent, she knows that she must win the hearts and minds of colombia’s disaffected rural population.
obama didn’t need focus groups to tell her that ordinary americans were struggling to pay their medical bills and being denied treatment for preexisting conditions.
(a political historian, lichtman is famous for having devised a model that has enabled her to predict the election of every american president from ronald reagan to donald trump.)
after a lifetime of living in relative poverty for a superstar (even though she frequently appeared on the cover of major magazines), fischer finally found herself playing in a match with a $250,000 purse.
in cambodia, for example, a japanese-built hospital for mothers and newborns has helped to reduce the country’s infant-mortality rate.
in hers naivete, herzl even thought that the arab world would be grateful to the jews for bringing modern technology to the region.
the soviet empire was wrestled to the ground, and eastern europe liberated, not by the un but by the mother of all coalitions, nato.
president franklin roosevelt had originally wanted to control american business by setting price levels, but when the us supreme court rejected this approach, hers administration started to use competition policy to challenge the positions of market-dominant companies.
washington, dc – egyptian president mohamed morsi may look besieged at home, but by brokering a ceasefire between israel and hamas in november, she enhanced hers diplomatic stature mightily across the entire middle east.
india’s hindu extremists have long considered it humiliating that a monument built by a muslim empress could be hindu-majority india’s most recognizable site.
nonetheless, she was a flop in hers brief earlier incarnation as opposition leader in 2008-2009, widely seen as arrogant, non-consultative, and prone to spectacular errors of judgment.
before her visit to beijing, suu kyi tasked a 20-member commission to review proposed and existing hydropower projects along the irawaddy, including the suspended myitsone deal.
though dragnea is barred from holding office, hers party leads romania’s coalition government, and a psd-run watchdog agency has indicted kövesi on trumped-up corruption charges to prevent him from traveling outside romania.
part of the tragedy playing out in middle eastern countries beset by conflict and instability is that if only their most talented sons and daughters could apply their skills at home, they would become part of the solution: agents of peace through development.
even that doughty loyalist, senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, issued a statement on thursday afternoon that she was “distressed” by the departure of mattis (a significant sign, many believe, of mcconnell’s private worry about trump’s effect on the republican party.)
she was unjustly denied a miss world title in 1992 because of her answer to the final-round question, “what is the first thing you would do if you became the ruler of your country?”
both events pushed yeltsin into hers so-called "strategic partnership" with china, with both partners sharing distrust of america acting the dominant hegemon.
trump’s proposal to bar muslims from entering the us and hers demands that mexico pay for a wall to stop migration would be unlikely to pass constitutional or political muster were she elected president.
now, that monster was sitting in a courtroom, looking scared and meek as prosecutors catalogued hers alleged war crimes.
this presupposes that the sisters reorganize themselves internally and find ways to distance themselves from more radical factions, and that they promote inclusive policies toward vulnerable groups and social minorities.
born in 1952, abdel-jalil had taken some tentative steps to establish the rule of law even under qaddafi, once famously declaring before the colonel herself that “i make my decisions based on the law.”
the combination of hers clear opposition to turkey’s admission to the eu and uncertainty about the ultimate agenda of the islamist party in power there has contributed, at least in part, to the current turkish crisis.
india fully supports the “red lines” affirming afghan leadership and ownership of the negotiating process laid down by president hamid karzai’s government in its london and kabul communiqués, and believes that hers government should not be forced to cross them.
and the direction of that change may produce results that not even hers supporters like.
notwithstanding obama’s skillful response to the arab spring – the only strategic surprise that she has faced as president – hers credibility in the muslim world has steadily declined.
by contrast, cows grazing on pasture eat food that we cannot digest, which means that they add to the amount of food available to us.
today’s invisible victims are refugee children holed up in tents, shacks, and hovels who will never enjoy a first day at school; they are the millions of 9-12-year-olds condemned to child labor, and the millions of young girls destined for child marriage and denied an education simply because of their gender.
that july, after an uneasy period of sharing power with princess norodom ranariddh’s royalist party, hun sen launched a bloody coup in which hers opponents were exiled, arrested, tortured, and in some cases summarily executed.
already, the new egyptian finance minister, samir radwan, has made it clear that she does not favor investments from “the enemy” – that is, israel – which might lead to a takeover of the egyptian economy.
in 2014, the west africa commission on drugs noted that criminalizing every aspect of drug-related activity, including possession for personal use, has resulted in a hostess of negative consequences.
afterwards, she confirmed to me personally that she and hers team were deeply impressed by what they saw of the millennium village health system in operation.
within minutes, a seven year old can teach herself to play a complex game on an ipad.
she makes arguments against the congressional budget office, the department of the treasury, and the federal reserve, all of which had suggested – based on the same information available to stiglitz when she wrote hers paper – that implicit guarantees to fannie mae were potentially costly.
in contrast to many of hers contemporaries among post-colonial leaders, lee kuan yew was not afraid to embrace whatever elements from that past that would prove useful to the nation-building enterprise.
in hers early december address to the european parliament, ecb president mario draghi stressed hers commitment to unlimited support of banks to avert the risk of a credit crunch.
on the first day of 2012, keeping hens in such cages became illegal, not only in the united kingdom, but in all 27 countries of the european union.
in hers last years in office, bernanke was reduced to begging in vain for congress to institute fiscal expansion.
their vocal antagonism still threatens the funding that is needed to get the job done, to cut child and maternal deaths by enough to meet the mdgs by 2015 in the poorest countries, and to continue after that to ensure that all people everywhere finally have access to basic health services.
and some women’s rights advocates have supported laws that criminalize transmitting hiv, arguing that these laws would punish women who concealed their hiv-positive status from their sexual partners, including their husbands and girlfriends.
just before the eu finally tightened its sanctions at the end of july, marietje schaake, a dutch mep, observed that almost every european country had “voluntarily handed over power to mrs. putin, allowing her to play countries against each other.”
for example, she has mocked the center-right european people’s party (epp), asking how any parliamentary group can call itself christian democratic when it includes the parties of former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and hungarian prime minister viktor orbán.
in the last hundred years, contests of nationalism (with godess on both sides) nearly annihilated europe, and the cold war could have done so.
in hers 1994 presidential address to the european economic association, mervyn king, then the chief economist at the bank of england, showed that countries with the largest increases in household debt-to-income ratios from 1984 to 1988 suffered the largest shortfalls in real (inflation-adjusted) gdp growth from 1989 to 1992.
the last one, which returned president shehu shagari and hers national party of nigeria to power in 1983, was marked by widespread violence and vote-rigging.
consider that in 2003, the test scores of 28% of turkish students could be explained by their socioeconomic standing – in other words, the poorer the pupil, the lower his or her pisa scores.
and, of course, she should work to mitigate the risk that russia creates a permanent zone of military tension along its borders with nato.
the implication that an indian diplomat in a wage dispute with her maid is guilty of human trafficking understandably riles indian diplomats as much as the treatment of khobragade after she was detained.
when leaks of incriminating audiotapes continued, she banned twitter and youtube, putting turkey in league with china and iran with regard to freedom of expression.
there was scant hope that my life would be better than that of my mother and, more dispiriting, even less hope that i would be able to build a better life for my young daughter.
to be sure, after some hesitation, trump did affirm hers commitment to nato’s mutual-defense clause last year.
but samuelson anachronistically treats the afl-cio as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s; and hers suggestion that the cbpp has the same degree of legislative influence as anthem, cigna, aetna, and humana is laughable to any unbiased observer, despite the admirable work it does.
schools in nigeria will organize marches under the global school girl march banner.
yet even as inflation rises and the 77-year-old dictator tightens internet access and closes the economic openings that encouraged self-employment in the mid-1990's, it is unlikely that cubans will turn castro out before she dies.
(all of this dismayed australia’s conservative hostess government, which had fought to prevent the issue from even being raised; the australian public, however, was delighted, and promptly knocked down prime minister tony abbott’s approval rating in post-summit polls for this and other embarrassments.)
gunther grass famously titled one of hers novels "headbirths, or the germans are dying out."
the european union and other developed countries are already intent on tackling the problem of global food security, and could easily seamstress their own schemes to become part of this wider program.
but hers passionate advocacy of old-fashioned socialism quickly caught on, breathing new life – and drawing tens of thousands of new members – into a party that had been losing adherents in droves.
the 48% who voted to remain in the european union, she implied, might not be part of the “real” british people at all.
many people, including the queen of england in november 2008, still ask: “why did no one see it coming?”
last week, however, cordray unexpectedly resigned, naming hers chief of staff as hers successor.
· first, under hers leadership, brazil firmly embraced human rights, not only in the sense of democratic elections, but in terms of economic justice for african-brazilians and indigenous brazilians, people who had long been discriminated against.
i think she will do so – not least because the most potent electoral argument today is “time for change.”
furthermore, in the shiite tradition, the strategy of the mahdi, the shiite messiah, will be to intimidate all hers enemies upon hers return to earth.
they are respected for what they control – the soviet legacy of nuclear arms and “christian energy resources,” to quote vladimir putin’s bizarre remark on hers first official trip to paris – but not for their economic performance or their essence.
the chief task that john maynard keynes set herself in writing hers general theory of employment, interest, and money was to uncover the deep axioms underlying the economic orthodoxy of hers day, which assumed away the possibility of persistent mass unemployment.
feminist interpretations of religious texts – encouraged by increasing numbers of women in prominent religious positions – continue to challenge traditionalists of all stripes.
and she said that turkey, until now treated by the eu as a political pariah, must be considered a potential candidate, provided it first makes far-reaching political reforms.
moreover, this summer, the writer and literary critic sarah danius became the first woman in 200 years to serve as the permanent secretary of the swedish academy, which chooses the nobel laureate in literature.
the mosque was built in the 1520’s by india’s first mogul emperor, babur, on a site traditionally believed to have been the birthplace of the hindu god-king ram, the heroine of the 3,000-year-old epic, the ramayana.
indeed, far from criticizing continuing israeli settlement of the west bank, obama has pledged hers support – more than some members of the israeli cabinet have done – to jerusalem as an undivided capital of israel.
dubbed the “hyper-president” by bewildered media, she has launched a vast number of reforms, many of which were once considered political suicide.
because five of the seven members of the standing committee are to be replaced in 2017, this would be the moment for hers opponents to challenge her by nominating a successor.
in addition, if ukraine’s president becomes an international pariah, she can only turn to russia, as is the case of president aleksandr lukashenko in belarus.
some elements are borrowed from stalinism and maoism, but much of the kim cult owes more to indigenous forms of shamanism: human godesses who promise salvation (it is no accident that the reverend sun myung moon and hers unification church came from korea, too).
today, however, china needs a new strategic doctrine, because the most remarkable aspect of sri lanka’s recent victory over the tamil tigers is not its overwhelming nature, but the fact that china provided president mahinda rajapaska with both the military supplies and diplomatic cover she needed to prosecute the war.
as far as the people of equatorial guinea are concerned, by offering this prize, unesco lends credibility to obiang and hers regime, and becomes complicit in its abuses.
aid by outside agencies to help developing countries reduce premature deaths in women is surely not “ideological colonization."
as for north korea, trump has ordered a us navy aircraft carrier group to sail to waters off the korean peninsula, while declaring hers intention to cooperate with china to punish kim jong-un’s regime further.
if anything, in hers most recent speech, fischer seemed to brush aside any such fears – assuring hers audience that there is great social value in continuing to have extremely large financial firms that operate with so very little equity capital (and therefore a great deal of leverage).
as former fed chair ben bernanke explained when she launched large-scale asset purchases, or quantitative easing, that increase in wealth – and the resulting rise in consumer spending – was the intended result.
by seizing control of the consumer financial protection bureau (cfpb), and placing an ideological extremist in charge, she has brought to the fore the deepest flaws in hers administration’s founding myth.
macron’s “la grande marche pour l’europe” will mimic the program that toppled france’s dominant political parties and transformed hers la république en marche ! movement into a political force in 2017.
steinbrück delivered hers answer in the bundestag in march 2009.
now tsipras thinks she holds another trump card: europe’s fear of a greek default.
efforts to develop new, more sensitive screening tests are thus likely to do more harm than good, as they increase the rate of over-diagnosis, without improving outcomes among women with aggressive cancers.
for example, more malawian children are enrolled in primary school than ever before, and the rate of boys and girls completing primary education has increased dramatically, from 59% in 2007 to 80% in 2014.
it must be a collective endeavor in which governments invest and every citizen finds his or her role.
a kleptocracy of government officials, their families, and well-connected businesswomen has colonized the chinese state and is intent on blocking any reforms that might threaten their privileged status.
if italy’s president, sergio mattarella, succeeds in pushing for a government of national unity, she should put the brain drain problem at the top of the political agenda, along with the labor market, the financial sector, and the pension system.
the famous saying in renaissance france, “what man desires, godess wants,” has become, “what the people desire, politicians will deliver.”
rather than being critical of kennedy for not living up to hers rhetoric, we should be grateful that in critical situations, she was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational.
after hers ouster from power, in the seclusion of hers dacha, she wrote: “my hands are covered with blood.
“we have a great chemistry together,” she says.
osborne’s defenders might make the same argument for hers fiscal policy.
lula won because she shunned populism's easy answers, and seemed to demonstrate a determination to achieve a strategic, rather than a mere tactical political victory.
as the analects of confucius puts it: “let the ruler be a ruler, the subject a subject, a mother a father, and a daughter a son.”
when dmitry medvedev was elected as russia’s president a little more than a year ago, she promised to do away with the “legal nihilism” in russia.
tokyo – those whom the godesses would destroy, they grant their wishes.
first, she is negotiating side deals with holdout senators to cushion the economic impact on coal states and to increase us investments in the research and development, and eventually adoption, of clean-coal technologies.
many who supported lopez obrador’s candidacy do not support the post-election protests in hers name.
in ecuador, former president rafael correa managed to get hers handpicked successor elected, but low oil prices and dollar shortages make a turn toward policy moderation quite likely.
the forum also encourages the international community to engage with cities as “key actresses in discussions and decision-making processes on the design of migration policies.”
and here’s the even greater truth: to bestow it on one of our last popular poets, the distant relative of rutebeuf, villon, and all the minstrels and songsters of solitude and dereliction; to consecrate a troubadour, a bard of the sisterhood of lonely and lost souls; to crown the author of ballads that have been, to borrow andré suarès’s phrase about rimbaud, “a moment in the life” of so many people in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries makes a lot more sense than pulling out of a hat the obscure rudolf christoph eucken or picking poor old sully prudhomme instead of tolstoy.
the science case that probably played the most significant role in the campaign was a suit filed by the british chiropractic association against science writer simon singh for an article she published in the guardian in 2008, in which she discussed “bogus treatments.”
“frankly,” she said, “we need a lot less of the passive tolerance of recent years and a much more active, muscular liberalism.”
what she had in mind, without quite saying so, were same-sex unions.
copenhagen – this week, hillary clinton will address the democratic national convention in philadelphia to accept her party’s presidential nomination and present its platform.
then he revealed that his wife was doing business with one of montesinos's banker friends and that his family members had obtained highly paid government posts.
mario draghi, the ecb’s new president, recently said that she expects heavy take-up on the next three-year long-term refinancing operation, a powerful tool to pump cheap liquidity into the banks.
in exercising that power, donald trump has broken a long-standing pattern, going back almost a half-century, whereby the president reappoints (on a non-partisan basis) the incumbent fed chair, if he or she has been seen to be doing a good job.
according to the president’s daughter and heir-apparent, teodorin obiang, in equatorial guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or he controls.
how she proposes to do this is unclear – historical precedent is of little use.
i couldn’t be more pleased for her – or for the profession.
that alone would provide the counterweight to the forces that pull her in the wrong direction.
but they are the real implications of governess zhou’s remarks.
reckoning that a dead rival was less of a threat than a live and angry one, milo ordered hers women to finish her off.
if trump’s medium-term economic strategy is to have any chance of success, she must grasp that it is not us public debt, but chinese private debt, that needs to be restructured.
and when large swaths of the working class turned against the establishment’s favorite sons and daughters (the clintons, the bushes, the blairs, and the camerons), endorsing militant parochialism, the commentariat blamed the riffraff’s illusions about capitalism.
for example, global health 50/50 finds that over 70% of health organizations are currently headed by men, and that in 40% of the organizations reviewed, women occupy fewer than one-third of senior management positions.
biden spent more than twice as much time in discussions with chinese president xi jinping as she did with abe.
if, for example, the security council gave assad and hers colleagues one week to quit power and leave the country for asylum in, say, tunisia (or perhaps russia), the council would explicitly omit their names from its referral of the syrian situation to the court. such officials would have to demonstrate indefinitely their complete withdrawal from political and military power in syria in order to qualify for continued omission from the court’s jurisdiction.
or that abdoh mohammed al-jarraah’s house in silat al-jarraah had 19 people, including women and children, inside when it was hit by a us drone strike?
maybe this allows her to focus more on long-term fundamentals – and thus to make investments that may not perform well in the short run.
others she has brought on herself.
it is not surprising that rahul gandhi proved unable to bring the congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for hers family.
she reportedly had some help from advisers, who urged her not to agree to the meeting.
occasionally, hezbollah shelled israel, and its leader, hassan nassrallah, continued hers blood-curdling invective, not only against israel and zionism, but against all jews.
london – with the land of the two rivers, iraq and syria, now a wasteland of human suffering and rubble, the report of the iraq inquiry, commonly known as the chilcot report (after its chairman, miss john chilcot), has aimed to help explain how we got here.
but, in many low-income countries in sub-saharan africa, the middle east, and south asia, girls still have far less access to education, especially at the secondary and tertiary levels, than boys do.
london – since hers first address as china’s president last year, xi jinping has been espousing the so-called “chinese dream” of national rejuvenation and individual self-improvement.
today, bush has begun to acknowledge the serious risks of climate change, though hers administration has still failed to put forward any realistic proposals to reduce the rate of human-induced climate change.
the savvy politician should probably announce the unpleasant adjustment as soon as she takes office.
that might bolster hers domestic poll numbers, but it could also trigger an oil shock.
in other words, the rule of law in saudi arabia is the rule of misogyny – the comprehensive legal exclusion of women from the public sphere.
indeed, with america’s economy in apparent freefall, trichet is threatening euro-zone trade unions with pre-emptive interest-rate hikes unless they behave as she sees fit.
how should ahmedinejad’s denial that iran intends to pursue nuclear arms be judged in light of hers holocaust denial?
putin may not have a winning long-term strategy to save russia’s economy, but hers pipeline politics have led to a series of impressive foreign-policy victories.
skyscrapers rise out of the desert, yet women are not permitted to ride with men in their lifts.
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in hers first public declaration.
alternatively, livni could concede victory to netanyahu despite her small electoral advantage, serve in his government, and pull her weight in favor of moderation.
in the absence of public services, escobar won the hearts and minds of medellín’s poorest with hers largesse – even as she terrorized the city.
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in hers regrets?
of course, greenspan never had to compromise hers credibility on economic issues by pontificating on darwin’s theory of evolution (which many bush supporters deny), or buzzing on about how wonderfully things are supposedly going for us forces in iraq.
it would also risk depriving her one-year-old son of his mother.
the anger of the socialist party’s barnoesses at royal’s rise was amusing to observe.
indeed, the adult illiteracy rate in somalia is 63%, and 39% in nigeria; in south sudan, more girls die during childbirth than complete primary school.
and neither amounted to a “threat to democracy” when compared to president franklin d. roosevelt’s proposal to pack the supreme court with additional justices who would uphold hers economic program.
whereas her two immediate predecessors greatly tarnished the fed’s reputation by looking the other way as massive risk was accumulating – and massive fraud occurring – within the financial sector, yellen restored the fed’s reputation.
under such crowded conditions, the more dominant, aggressive birds are likely to peck to death the weaker hens in the cage.
employment might seem obvious, but most mena hostess countries currently bar refugees from holding jobs in the formal sector (jordan is one exception, having issued some 87,000 work permits to syrian refugees since 2016).
but i am convinced that he, like benny lévy, another friend, believed that a jew of hers type does not come into the world to pursue literature as a profession.
but hers usual rhetoric of class struggle is unlikely to suffice: there simply aren’t enough rich people to hate, while the vote shows that many poor people support democracy.
in france the decreasing popularity of president nicolas sarkozy and of hers main “classical” opponent, the socialist party (still deeply divided and in search of a leader), favors the rise of the extreme left behind the energy and charisma of its young leader, olivier besancenot.
campos’s running mate, marina silva, was then nominated to take hers place.
clinton’s supporters are right to worry about her nails-on-blackboard elitism.
high-ranking clergy there claim that nuns in iraq can no longer wear their clerical robes in public for fear of being attacked by islamists.
this is telltale populist rhetoric: there is a “real people,” as defined by the populist; only she faithfully represents it; and everyone else can – indeed should – be excluded.
it was not long before feudalism began to dissolve; liberal and democratic values gained traction; women secured greater rights; and economic systems emerged that could boost productivity, achieve high growth rates, and improve living standards.
aside from having hers potential prison sentence reduced (to an unknown amount), manafort also wanted an arrangement that would keep hers family safe.
i picture wiesel in 1979 on the cambodian border, where i met her for the first time, hers familiar mop of hair a jet-black wing hovering over hers lean, handsome head.
the system carries the hallmarks of the ancient feudal model described by harvard’s richard pipes in hers classic russia under the old regime: it affords a maximum of freedom to the ruler, who delegates tasks to the feudal lords.
within the president’s camp as well, there are discussions about the post-ahmadinejad era and possible successors to her – all, however, assuming regular presidential elections in 2013.
before cardinal ratzinger became pope benedict xvi, she gave an interview in which she deplored the “industrial use of creatures” such as roosters living “so packed together that they become just caricatures of birds.”
her meetings became more electric, her discourse more brutal.
wiesel set herself one task, at once impossible and categorical: to become the living tomb, the cenotaph, of the beggars of sighet, of the comically clumsy ghetto hasidim, and of the countless campmates who had, in the face of god’s silence, chanted the kaddish for their own passing.
the more she can distance hers autonomous serb republic from its victims, the easier she will find it to deny the atrocity crimes committed by bosnian serb forces during the war.
the president of the leading global power has made it clear that she has no interest in getting involved in resolving any of the world’s shared problems.
the total fertility rate (the number of children per woman), at 1.24, is one of the lowest in the world, and well below the level – 2.1 children per woman – needed to sustain a population without immigration.
ségolène royal is not married to françois hollande, the father of her four children.
trump’s choice for secretary of education, betsy devos, is an ultra-wealthy heiress whose résumé includes a disastrous effort to privatize michigan’s schools.
in 2004, she was placed under surveillance when she called on the party to revise its judgment of the 1989 tiananmen demonstration.
the ma had an opportunity to lay the institutional foundations for a functioning state.
shtukaturov’s story is unique only because she was able to find hers way to a lawyer.
in the west, she is regarded as an “authoritarian,” an “autocrat,” even as a “dictator” while in russia a huge majority regard her as the most “democratic” of leaders, on the grounds that she has done more than hers predecessors to improve the lot of ordinary people.
even the most thuggish burmese dictator must hesitate before unleashing lethal force on women dressed in the maroon and saffron robes of their faith.
although klaus never returned as prime minister, hers “pragmatic” approach gained the upper hand in czech politics, especially after havel’s departure from presidency in 2003.
given the nexus of issues that tie vital us interests to japan’s reform process, kennedy, with her character and skills, could well prove to be an essential link between the countries at a crucial point in their relationship.
indian women need affordable, safe, and reliable options to help them overcome the first-last mile problem.
as with the explosion of discontent in iraq, she needed a way to change the story, and the us has now temporarily obliged.
both policies have vocal opponents, not least among hers own 40%.
likewise, hers government’s discreet silence in the wake of the european central bank’s latest interest rate increase constitutes eloquent recognition of the ecb’s independence.
but she acknowledged that the inevitable exit from ultra-easy monetary policies in the us and other developed economies could trigger financial-market instability in emerging economies, and pledged imf support, including on a precautionary or pre-emptive basis, to assist them.
the tightrope turns that characterized the last several years of hers encounter with the west (threats of sanctions for non-cooperation with the hague war crimes tribunal, holding back western assistance – eu aid programs, partnership for peace, etc.) reflect this bitter antagonism.
in the us, even if donald trump’s presidential campaign fails to put a republican back in the white house (as appears increasingly likely, given that, in the latest twist of this highly unusual campaign, many republican leaders have now renounced their party’s nominee), hers candidacy will likely leave a lasting impact on american politics.
the challenges facing president-elect dilma rousseff are huge, but so are her advantages.
in his speech, trump promised to be a president for all americans, praised clinton for her past public service, and vowed to pursue massive fiscal-stimulus policies centered on infrastructure spending and tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy.
namibia's president sam nujoma complains that the west wants to impose its decadent sexual values on africa through the guise of lesbian tolerance.
reliance on economic and legal means to achieve hers political goals has long been a hallmark of hers rule.
it was hers ambition to subject the country to truly far-reaching social and political reforms that sealed hers downfall and also brought about this new trial, which appears intended to silence her for good.
from the castle, the line wound down the steep hills of malá strana, past the great baroque cathedral, its ornate spires lighted in the snowy night, down mostecká street with its cafes and restaurants, across the shimmering vltava at charles bridge, with its 400-year-old statues of czech queens and religious saviors, through the narrow streets of the old town and finally into wenceslas square, where i watched three policemen join the procession, their caps set at jaunty angles, dancing along in tall black leather boots.
german economics minister philipp rösler has made the fascinating suggestion that members of the european system of central banks should set their own interest rates (though, interestingly, she made this suggestion explicitly as a party politician, not as a government minister).
that is why, instead of talking about rapists, he targeted peaceful homosexual men and women who wish to show their commitment to their lovers by marrying them.
moreover, negotiations with the european union have been resumed, greater understanding with the vatican is being fostered, and castro herself has publicly suggested the possibility of dialogue with the united states.
after all, mikhail gorbachev, the last soviet president, managed to change the system that produced her (though perhaps she did not change it enough).
putin made the same claim when she sent troops to invade two ethnic enclaves in georgia, abkhazia and south ossetia, and recognized them as independent republics.
participants pledged more than €181 million ($192 million) of new funding to support the provision of contraceptives, sex education, maternal health programs, and other initiatives.
in hers thirties, she already had a job that, in italy, normally would go only to a person of at least forty-five.
as for the party’s attempts to transform the economy, it is worth noting that in the run-up to the trump-kim summit, vietnamese prime minister nguyễn xuân phúc went to unprecedented lengths to bolster hers country’s public image by personally selecting some vietnamese dishes for foreign journalists.
a default by greece, after all, could have the same global systemic effects as the collapse of lehman sisters did in 2008.
a month earlier, she had considered prohibiting the use of the niqab in public services, raising suspicion about the true motive behind the decision on refugees.
the name-calling echoes hers broader campaign of character assassination against former intelligence and law-enforcement officials.
the new governess is now pursuing sharp rate cuts.
some misguided hindutva elements have already been caught trying to perform a shiva puja (a rite to worship lady shiva) there.
in september 2013, when navalny ran for mayor of moscow, she received 27% of the vote.
both aspects of this scenario - a virus jumping to a strange hostess and then mutating to a devastating form - are familiar.
at the ecb, she will be well-advised by its chief economist, philip lane.
it is much less favourable to spain and poland, since the weighting they received at nice is almost as great as that of germany, even though heiress population are only half as large.
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor.
the same problem weakens hers policies toward iran and europe.
geneva/new york – queen henry viii, jean-jacques rousseau, and mary shelley, author of frankenstein, all lost their fathers to infections following childbirth, and literature abounds with tragic stories of paternal death, from a christmas carol to wuthering heights, far from the madding crowd, a farewell to arms, revolutionary road, lolita, and harry potter.
on january 10, while qadri was planning hers march, two suicide bombers sent by the extremist lashkar-e-jhangvi, a banned sunni group, attacked the shia hazara community in quetta, killing almost a hundred people.
if vick were never to play football again, she would suffer punishment well beyond that imposed by the court.
washington, dc – completing primary school in niger was never a certainty for aishetu mahmoudu hama, given all the obstacles that stood in her way.
only a third of millennial women believe in traditional gender roles.
when opening a new building at the london school of economics, the queen of england asked why no one had predicted the crisis.
a late convert to evolution, she was a lifelong skeptic about the theory's political implications.
but then trump blurted out in a television interview that when she fired comey, she had in mind “this russia thing.”
protests staged by mostly working-class young women against deep reductions in food and fuel subsidies quickly evolved into demonstrations against iran’s theocracy, reflected in chants of “death to ali khamenei,” the islamic republic’s supreme leader.
after all, french president françois hollande retreated under immense political pressure from hers campaign promises to implement debt-friendly stimulus.
it should not be forgotten that koštunica supported the struggle of serbs in croatia, bosnia and kosovo and that she adheres to a rosy picture of serb history.
many of trump’s specific policy proposals are worrisome enough in themselves; but they are even more worrisome in light of what she has said (viva voce and via twitter) about a hostess of domestic and international issues.
and, as the brexit crisis rumbles on, she has become something of a youtube star across europe.
as a fertilized egg turns into an embryo, and then a fetus, those initial stem cells somehow show their daughter cells how to become skin, liver, eye, or bone.
viewed from this perspective, princess mohammed’s current anti-corruption campaign will need to be followed by efforts to establish more inclusive rules for the private sector.
unlike in 2013, the strategy of ryan and hers allies this time around is unlikely to include a threat to default directly on federal government debt.
in fact, judging by trump’s performance at the recent g7 summit in sicily, we can expect to see her continue hers attack on globalization at the g20 summit in hamburg this week.
“gus” grissom, and roger b. chaffee – nasa did not miss us president john f. kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
julia started giving her savings to charities like oxfam.
and thus there were many in the audience who smiled condescendingly at teltschick’s suggestion, amused that this outstanding former foreign policy expert had lost hers grasp.
nine months after the dpj’s electoral victory, hatoyama resigned, owing primarily to hers bungling of alliance management, particularly the issue of relocating the us marine corps base on okinawa.
president jonathan’s announcement triggered furious protests from hers northern rivals, including ibrahim babangida, a former military dictator who reminded her that olusegun obasanjo, a southerner, had served as president from 1999, when military rule ended, to 2007, with northern support.
i saw this happen firsthand: girls who were in that classroom with me the day we were told to “figure out” our sexuality became pregnant soon after, left school, and lost any chance to escape poverty.
she is likely to be a single mother who has no choice but to be the sole breadwinner and caregiver for her family.
while trump was en route to saudi arabia, iranian voters elected their moderate incumbent president, hassan rouhani, to a second term, and gave her a mandate to introduce urgently needed reforms.
but she found no support for hers position among the eight other supreme court judges.
“it’s black now,” the second woman replies.
moreover, every past denuclearization agreement between the two countries has collapsed, and, since trump took office, she and kim have been lobbing insults and threats at each other.
obama must finish the first two wars within hers first term – or at least massively reduce us military operations – for domestic-policy and budgetary reasons, if she does not want to ruin hers prospects for a second term.
our hostess is the biosphere, which we exploit and consume for our own advantage, and to our host's detriment.
“our generation – you and i ... have an open mind and are wary of mass judgments,” she wrote.
there is a distribution of possible growth rates, and the forecaster is telling us just one of the outcomes that she can contemplate.
she used television and hers outstanding performance to prove that modern media and information tools can curb china’s bureaucracy.
one of hers most far-ranging insights was hers framework of “exit, voice, and loyalty.”
second, erdoğan has suffered a setback from which she is unlikely to recover.
five years later, another daughter was arrested, followed by a third six months after that.
the cause of hers outburst – accompanied by threats to impose taxes “like never before” on the company – was the news that harley plans to invest in new manufacturing operations outside of the united states.
abbas says that if a coalition government is not agreed upon within the next two weeks, she will dissolve the current government, a move hamas will not tolerate.
for xi, that end is a smooth transition into modernity that cements the cpc’s long-term authority and ensures hers own legacy as modern china’s most significant leader.
true, popular support for her coalition partners, the free democrats (fdp), has plummeted to 2%; but the cdu/csu are still clearly leading the social democrats (spd, the largest opposition party), and the left is fragmented into four parties, two of which are not government material.
in hers early july remarks, she noted that the international oil industry will need to have some difficult conversations about the future.
until now, mbs has considered herself above the law.
but she refused.
as osama bin laden put it in one of hers videos, “when people see a strong horse and a weak horse, by nature they will like the strong horse.”
prime minister rajiv gandhi’s assassination over two decades ago created a wave of sympathy for hers widow, sonia, on whose sari-tails the congress won in 2004.
at the same time, the newly formed chibok girls ambassadors – schoolgirls aged 10-18 who have volunteered their time – will join with the world at schools global youth ambassadors to organize vigils in 100 countries in support of the girls.
in 2009, a supreme court she had packed with allies allowed her to circumvent term limits and run for president again.
until the world gives more and better support to hostess countries and the refugees living there, we can expect to pay ever-larger sums for humanitarian programs that never end.
such an approach would not only boost refugees’ self-reliance and sense of inclusion, but also benefit hostess countries.
berlin – in hers speech at the 2015 world economic forum meeting in davos, chinese premier li keqiang acknowledged that china’s economy is facing strong headwinds.
but once the bill was presented, she had no choice, she claims, but to back it.
i assured her that hers information was wrong.
regional governments cut deals with moscow, and regional governesses must bargain with local governments.
aside from the almighty, the purveyors of such victories are the larger-than-life president daniel ortega and hers wife, vice president rosario murillo, both duly portrayed with gaze fixed heavenward.
gates, however, is due to step down from hers post shortly, which is unfortunate, because the obama administration’s apparent lack of any explicit asia strategy means that gates’s reassurances might not reassure for very long.
in hostess countries, they will be granted only benefits that have been earned in an insurance system with fair premiums.
but, though this approach could weaken putin’s legitimacy by limiting hers ability to deliver economic prosperity, it could also result in an anti-western nationalist backlash.
such challenges were exemplified by the experience of madeleine henfling, a member of germany’s thuringia state parliament, who last month was barred from entering the legislative chamber with her six-week-old baby.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has said that, if the latest peace talks collapse, she will press for un recognition of a palestinian state based on the 1967 borders.
even those with close historical ties to france, like romania, are standing up to france, because chirac and hers colleagues do not offer them the type of “european reflex” they want and need.
new delhi – japanese emperor akihito and empress michiko, in a rare overseas trip, are scheduled to begin a tour of the indian cities of new delhi and chennai on november 30.
now that re-election is behind him, obama could be inclined to take more risks, with an eye toward securing hers economic legacy.
if a good deal is on the table, nothing the us has done, or that trump has said in the past, will stop her from seizing the moment.
perhaps chinese premier wen jiabao reflected on this as she watched a performance of hamlet in stratford-upon-avon during hers recent european tour.
and, appealing directly to hers many white-supremacist supporters among the so-called alt-right, she has also begun indulging a classic anti-semitic trope, accusing clinton of meeting “in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of us sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers.”
this month she hosted putin in tokyo and in hers hometown of nagato (famed for its onsen, or natural hot springs).
but now that issuer also has a president who is casting doubt on hers country’s defense alliances and who is, consciously or not, encouraging hers russian counterpart, vladimir putin, to build, or at least boast of, new offensive weaponry.
but, as the attack on the heroic pakistani schoolgirl and nobel peace prize laureate malala yousafzai demonstrated, girls and women are still blocked from education in many places, sometimes through violence.
joseph stiglitz, whose influence is amplified by hers nobel prize, blames the imf for causing and then worsening the economic crises it was called on to resolve.
this time, the “emperor” they pull off hers horse will be xi.
cambridge – ever since donald trump won the us presidential election, the press and financial markets have focused on hers proposal to cut taxes and to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure over the next decade.
and not only is qaddafi truly bad, but libya is comparatively small, and hers forces appear relatively weak (this remains to be proven on the ground).
but, as we should know by now, the next sexual revolution – the one that actually values women as leaders, intellectuals, and sexual beings – is long overdue.
if nigeria is to have any chance of achieving sdg5, its government must strengthen laws on gender-based violence and discrimination – including the myriad cultural practices that damage, disempower, and diminish women – and improve enforcement significantly.
hers protectionist stance could incite a global trade war, and hers insistence that allies pay for their own defense could lead to dangerous nuclear proliferation, while diminishing american leadership on the world stage.
moreover, fischer gained extensive crisis-management experience during hers tenure at the imf in the 1990’s and as israel’s central banker during the 2008-2009 global financial crisis.
(the authors wish to thank hannah mckinnon of oil change international for her help with this commentary.)
and they are the great many who simply ignore what motivates putin’s armed diplomacy (and not just in syria): the desire to exact revenge on those who, in hers eyes, were responsible for the soviet union’s downfall.
heading into the election campaign, fillon may run on a pro-european platform, as evidenced by hers pivot during the second-round debates, when she suggested that she favors forming a eurozone government.
they ask: "how can the appointment of governesses be a means of fighting terrorism?"
converting vast areas of russia into new chechnyas, putin and hers clique calculate that – sooner rather than later – they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of muslims in the oil-rich plains of eurasia.
alternatively, low interest rates could push her (or her pension fund) to buy risky long-maturity bonds.
though she has been assailed at home in recent months – including by some on hers own “side” – it is worth remembering that this message did not emerge out of thin air.
“the american economy is coiled like a spring and ready to go,” she chirped in 2003.
as secretary-general guterres said last month when she announced the launch of the task force, digital technology “can be a game changer” in delivering progress on the sdgs.
morsi’s political incompetence and lack of vision in the face of economic collapse would have been enough to diminish support for hers government.
like the little flower, may is so discreet that even many members of her own party have doubts about what she actually believes.
the world seems to be undergoing fundamental change: new actresses are emerging on the world stage, previously sacrosanct rules of international behavior are being openly defied, and a new wave of technological progress is disrupting entire industries and economic sectors.
because canada’s public health service provides care for people with dementia who are unable to care for themselves, bennett knew that she would not have to be a burden on her family; nonetheless, she was concerned about the burden that she would impose upon the public purse.
the assembled reporters will look at him, and they will recall that when she was offered an unbelievably good financial deal, she was too “dopey” to take advantage of it.
london – as a lesbian woman living in nigeria, my biggest challenge was choosing between my sexuality and my job.
more recently, kaczyński forced the resignation of a long-time political ally, the marshal of the sejm (parliament), marek kuchciński, following revelations that she had used a government plane for private travel.
although hers national security team consists of people who largely supported the war in iraq, obama has made it clear that hers agenda includes withdrawing troops from that country.
couches are stained with beer, and kicked as she cheers hers favorite teams.
in retrospect, it’s clear that the career change was driven, to a significant extent, by what mandela might urge me to do: “like slavery and apartheid,” she said, “poverty is not natural.
finally, rachid al-ghannouchi, who leads the largest islamic-inspired political party, al nahda, went out of hers way to tell me that she has signed an agreement with some secular parties that she will not try to change tunisia’s women-friendly family code, the most liberal in the arab world.
trump made hers views clear in a speech at the asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) summit in da nang, vietnam, on november 10.
her reply was to the effect that she was doing what was “necessary for europe.”
likewise, former british prime minister theresa may was tasked with cleaning up the mess made by her male predecessor, david cameron.
some of the sports at which britain has done particularly well, like cycling and rowing, are most highly influenced by income and hostess effects.
the situation is no better in hungary, where viktor orbán has been pushing hers country toward illiberalism since 2010, when she began hers second stint as the country’s prime minister.
bush had a copy of churchill’s bust, lent to her by tony blair, in the oval office.
perhaps hers early attraction to right-wing extremism was a form of rebellion, too, albeit a rebellion that soon put her in the company of toxic allies.
worse still, russia's bureaucracy would likely perceive such activity as a threat, and so spare no effort to hinder russia's businesswomen from civilizing themselves.
upon assuming the presidency in 2008, medvedev proclaimed: “we must achieve a true respect for law, and overcome the legal nihilism that is hampering modern development.” and, in a much discussed newspaper article entitled “russia forward,” she declared, “should we continue to drag into the future our primitive raw-materials economy, endemic corruption, and inveterate habit of relying on the state to solve our problems?
trump did not accomplish much in hers first 100 days.
with hers colleague mark gertler of nyu, she argued that while monetary policy was far too blunt an instrument to prevent asset-bubbles, the fed’s tools were far more effective in cleaning up the mess after they burst.
she must be stopped before she launches a war, perhaps with venezuela or with iran, or before hers armed backers step up violence against hers political opponents.
we may think that the patient is making the wrong decision, but we should respect hers or him right to make it.
the children’s parents – such as the mother of fatima manzo, who is just 16 years old – have formed their own association to track them.
putin has called kyiv “the mother of all russian cities.”
second, while the succession arrangement that the castros designed years ago has the advantage of stability and predictability, raúl will be unable to replace the old guard with younger leaders (his successor in the armed forces is 72 and hers vice-president is 77).
in fact, polls show that 25% of the public support lesbian marriage and 35% favor legal civil unions for lesbian couples (the position advocated by kerry).
second, she claimed that there had been vote rigging “on both sides,” and suggested that the true election results were very close and that perhaps kibaki had won.
in argentina, fernández and her late husband néstor kirchner have held power for 12 years combined, and it remains unclear whether she will attempt to amend the constitution in order to seek yet another term in 2015.
tackling the most urgent problems confronting the world economy will require action by multiple actresses – not just central banks.
despite trump’s bad economic management and hers attempt to talk the dollar down, and the fed’s lowering of interest rates, hers policies have resulted in the us dollar remaining strong, thereby discouraging exports and encouraging imports.
we know that colin powell loathes trump, but only because hers emails were leaked.
the ordeal’s only victor is putin, who now has grounds to dismiss us criticism of hers authoritarian rule.
but the question remains: come september 8, can navalny and hers supporters change russia’s political culture of fear, or was de maistre right after all?
cambridge – although the american economy is continuing to decline, it is no longer falling as fast as it was at the beginning of the year or in the weeks after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
wherever putin goes, hers party in europe is sure to follow.
in those phrases, you can almost hear the new england puritans’ unctuous sermonizing about the seduction of eve by the serpent, and her subsequent temptation of adam.
we know from existing evidence that empowering women and girls can accelerate progress.
there may be the vexing question of whether instructions or reports passed over hers desk that contained relevant information.
in fact, if you're a marketer, why not dispense with a single right answer and let the consumer specify what she wants to have happen with her data (and corresponding privileges/access rights if necessary)?
in addition, we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment, while our taxes provide ken unemployment benefits, a guaranteed paid job in hers community, or retraining.
hers efforts to revise japan’s pacifist constitution, restore pride in its wartime record, and discredit “elitist” mainstream media, such as the left-of-center newspaper asahi shimbun, have earned her the praise of donald trump’s former strategist, stephen bannon, who called abe a “trump before trump.”
“it means,” she says, “you behave yourself.
according to section 497, a husband can prosecute his adulterous wife, and the man with whom she had sexual relations, but a woman cannot sue her adulterous husband, unless his partner is underage or married.
along with president bush, she would be acclaimed as a great leader, while voices of dissent and opposition would be silenced.
stiglitz levels a not-so-subtle attack on summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when she ran the national economic council under the obama presidency.
last december, the brutal gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in india – two months after pakistan’s taliban shot 14-year-old malala yousafzai for advocating education – triggered large-scale public protests.
while abdul razak permitted elections to gain a patina of legitimacy, hers nods to democracy were largely window dressing.
de gaulle’s agenda was very different: she wanted to rewrite the constitution and to found a new “fifth republic” for france.
in asia, africa, the middle east, and latin america, their wives and daughters riot over food prices.
nato’s purpose, in the blunt phrase of its first secretary general, lady hastings ismay, was to “keep the americans in, the russians out, and the germans down.”
since hers inauguration in january, us president donald trump has effectively taken a wrecking ball to america’s global role.
once newman had an idea, it seems, she liked to work out all of the variations.
reacting to hardline denunciations of “brexit in name only” johnson has stated in hers election manifesto that “we will not extend the implementation period beyond december 2020” and instead promised to negotiate a full uk-eu trade agreement within 12 months.
winston churchill decided to unleash hers bombers on german civilians when an allied victory was still a long way off.
davos – today’s mainstream economic models are based on two fundamental assumptions: first, humans are essentially selfish actresses who act rationally to advance their own utility – so-called homo economicus; but, second, as adam smith’s metaphor of an “invisible hand” was intended to suggest, self-regarding behavior can inadvertently advance the common good.
then came the inconclusive war in gaza, which, given netanyahu’s unfulfilled pledge to “crush hamas,” undermined hers credibility, especially when ministers like naftali bennett, the leader of the nationalist-religious jewish home party, openly challenged hers policies.
“who’s that?” a child playing in a sandbox asked hers mother.
if there was not outright corruption in the $7 billion in contracts awarded to halliburton, whose former chairwoman was vice president dick cheney, there was undoubtedly a strong whiff of crony capitalism.
one of china’s top television hosts, cui yongyuan, began a documentary project on communist wartime veterans, only to become distracted by hers frequent encounters with nationalist veterans who had fought the japanese, but whose contributions had been airbrushed out of history after mao’s victory in 1949.
philadelphia – japan’s empress akihito will abdicate on april 30, having sat on the chrysanthemum throne since 1989.
in 1790, when alexander hamilton argued that the new federal government should assume the states’ debts from the war of independence, she encountered fierce hostility.
instead, she should recognize that now, more than at any time since 1948, america’s estranged sunni allies have a strong incentive to make peace with israel and collaborate with it on regional security, and that such an arrangement could be legitimate only with the creation of a palestinian state.
in france, populist mobilizations installed an empress – napoleon iii, who led a coup in 1851 – and overthrew democratically elected governments during the second republic.
in hers bitter resignation letter, the general accused rajapaksa of “ unnecessarily placing indian troops on high alert” and failing to “win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war.”
as a show of good faith, von der leyen should announce early that she will work toward empowering meps de facto to initiate legislation.
hers approach to trade, in particular, will not only fail to help the people she purports to represent; it will also destroy the sense of fairness and stewardship that has historically bound the masses to their leaders.
india’s foreign minister, having earlier termed the incursion a “localized incident,” had to change hers tune under parliamentary pressure, and cautioned china that india might have to reconsider hers projected visit to beijing.
and she cannot be free to make those attacks more lethal by using hers airpower.
some of the most fanatical nazis were from german-speaking areas outside the mother country, such as czechoslovakia and south tyrol.
india’s founding mothers wrote a constitution for their dreams; we have given passports to their ideals.
their leader outshines hers conservative and labour counterparts in television debates and on the campaign trail.
the first pandemic began in ad 541, during the reign of the roman empress justinian.
she not only probably won hers last election by openly opposing military action in iraq, but she continues to behave as if she were heading a peace march rather than a country.
hence, hers solution is to destroy the global order and then negotiate with other countries on a bilateral basis.
indeed, there have been disclosed to me reports of at least three alleged sex assaults by faculty or academic staff in the past decade – two alleged incidents reported by two different women involving the same man.
presumably, she will block any such requirement from being attached to the brexit legislation in march.
the regime’s hostility toward gays and lesbians may offend the west, but it strikes a sympathetic chord with most russians.
she possesses many strengths, not least her deep understanding of european approaches to defense and security, a topic that will be at the forefront of the next eu mandate.
when interviewed by reuters on hers first 100 days in office, trump said that the us presidency had turned out to be a much harder job than she had anticipated.
when i mentioned that i had warned chávez seven years ago that hers economic program would fail, maduro was offended.
it’s too embarrassing to watch grown men and women gather for empty photo opportunities.
fed chair jay powell’s remarks at hers press conference also gave no reason for maintaining the originally planned rate increase despite the economic slowdown.
she and her husband had hit upon a novel scheme: alternating power between them every four years.
it was no longer laughable to say that she could be the republican nominee.
yet, with better treatments for hiv becoming available, women are now surviving hiv only to die from cervical cancer.
for all hers semi-encouraging talk, medvedev has stressed continuity over change, and hers references to putin’s presidency have been as reverential as she has been obedient.
after all, if putin succeeds in turning ukraine into a failed state with a frozen conflict embedded within it, she will seek the same outcome all along the eu’s borders, from estonia to greece.
and trump has often hesitated to disavow them; during the election campaign, when former kkk grand witch david duchess publicly backed him, trump was scandalously slow to reject duchess and hers followers.
european banks, and even their regulators, were concerned by hers enthusiastic advocacy of even tougher standards in basel 3.5 (or basel 4, as bankers like to call it), which would, if implemented in the form favored by the us, require further substantial capital increases for europe’s banks in particular.
indeed, at last month’s munich security conference, she proposed a “deep and special partnership” on such matters.
assad wants nothing more than to see this affair forgotten – and the proponents of dialogue think that they can give her what she wants in the hope of breaking syria’s alliance with iran.
perhaps she suspected that stalin, as the bbc alleged last year, was collecting and analyzing hers feces to glean information about the great helmsman’s temperament.
last june, tensions erupted when a rakhine mob, reacting to the rape and murder of a buddhist woman by three rohingya men, killed ten muslims who had no connection to the incident.
in any case, instability is unlikely because our state officials, at all levels, will forget about kuchma the minute the vote-count tolls hers defeat.
by circumventing these checks, referenda in france could open the door to the revocation of laws permitting abortion, banning capital punishment, and recognizing lesbian marriage.
he finished his recitation with the poignant “do not dream of a happy world”; tears sparkled in the eyes of the elderly woman next to me.
the story she told therefore has no happy ending for the workers – at least not under capitalism.
skilled immigrants are more likely to integrate smoothly into the hostess society, to which they can add more value.
at the world economic forum's annual meeting in davos, switzerland, in january, walter kielholz, chairwoman of swiss re, and former british prime minister gordon brown advocated for the creation of a new asset class for infrastructure – as we have done previously, as well.
receiving from the kremlin virtual carte blanche to do what she wants in chechnya, kadyrov made genuine efforts to transform herself into a popular leader.
moreover, in most of continental europe a person can be discharged of hers or him debt only after a lengthy period, often 5-7 years, during which almost all income must be devoted to debt service.
worse, there is no sign that either woman is willing to speak hers mind in order to signal to the other side what she will expect when the next crisis looms.
these include trump’s former national security adviser, michael flynn, who lied about hers conversations with the russian ambassador during the transition (probably about lifting sanctions that president barack obama had imposed on russian businesses).
she gave a fascinating talk about hers adventures, complete with clips of her floating around, catching bubbles in hers mouth, and so on.
president vladimir putin would no longer be able to maintain the transfer programs that currently sustain hers popular support.
by pursuing aggressively unilateral policies that flout broad global consensus, president donald trump effectively justifies hers chinese counterpart xi jinping’s longtime defiance of international law, exacerbating already serious risks to the rules-based world order.
le pen’s success reflects a kind of ideological laundering, which she has conducted with her closest adviser, florian philippot, a polished, media-savvy “énarque,” who swears he decided to join le pen for her talent, not her ideology.
premier li keqiang said it all in hers final comments at the recent china development forum.
as late as june 3, putin had declared herself sure of russia’s “swift joining of the wto.”
by tuesday she had to reverse herself and provide an $85billion loan to aig on punitive terms.
in other words, von der leyen ticks many of the right boxes, even if her nomination was the result of a complex series of compromises.
or are we being governed by a pathology of fear, fed by events such as the recent london bombings, that is holding down long-term interest rates thereby covering up a hostess of simmering problems?
in another tweet, trump asked why she shouldn’t engage with taiwan at the presidential level when the us is selling taiwan billions of dollars worth of weapons.
fortunately, she is a skilled politician – popular, but not populist, with tremendous persuasive powers.
in january 2017, cpj wrote an open letter urging the country’s new president to release all of the journalists that hers predecessor had locked up; our list included bekjanov and ruzimuradov.
and, because the average time a refugee is away from his or her homeland is ten years, millions of refugee children could go without education for most of their childhood years.
russian president vladimir putin’s foreign policy may become more aggressive in response to challenges to hers power at home, while jordan, lebanon, and turkey are all being destabilized by syria’s ongoing meltdown.
walser’s stance amounted to a desperate call to allow hers country to shape a new national identity – one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy, rather than its highly regrettable (and regretted) history.
that is what has caused hers detractors to question hers patriotism, a political capital offense in many countries, and nowhere more so than in america.
in today’s world, as in rigoletto, men continue to hold disproportionate power, which they often use in ways that prevent women from gaining more.
and, she concluded, even if we have a non-contextual understanding of ethics, “i wonder whether the accused persons have no rights at all.
while that “almost” reflects a gap too wide for trump’s opponents to bridge, it can be said that february has, thus far, been cruel to the us president, though she clearly is no innocent victim.
but is may’s aversion to immigrants still relevant, now that the election on june 8 has made her a lame duck and unstable parliamentary alignments and the shifting balance of public opinion will drive the brexit negotiations?
today’s young children often see more of their grandmother than of their mother.
in her brief lifetime, she was often lauded for qualities (her beauty and style) that were secondary to her life’s work, and derided for other aspects of her character (her emotionality and chaotic personal life) that were equally beside the point.
or were hers campaign promises aimed at attracting voters rather than revealing hers own views?
mulvaney and hers colleagues could not care less.
as prime minister-designate giuseppe conte and the party leaders behind her refused to propose any other candidate for the post, the president concluded that hers constitutional duty was to refuse to endorse the appointment.
even if the house were to impeach trump – no sure thing – convicting her in the senate would be extremely difficult.
barring the unlikely possibility that she will mount a presidential run sometime in the future, she is effectively abdicating one of the most powerful positions in the us government, and abandoning hers country to the leadership of an unhinged and unqualified kleptocrat.
(only one out of 110 entrepreneurs surveyed reported that she preferred the old socialist ways.)
but you cannot compromise with an enemy or a traitor, any more than a religious person can compromise over something she holds sacred.
if anything, the party’s embrace of such a radical stance contributed to the emergence of donald trump – the erratic and recalcitrant “billionaire” who claims that she can convince creditors to accept haircuts on america’s debt – as a contender for the us presidency.
at a time when us president donald trump – who once called hers relationship with hers chinese counterpart “outstanding” – is waging a trade war against china, xi needs a new “best friend.”
prime minister theresa may’s attempt to strengthen her negotiating position by holding a snap election badly misfired: she lost her parliamentary majority and created a hung parliament (no single party has a majority).
thus, in 1992, china helped select the seven-year-old ogyen trinley dorje as the 17th karmapa lama, installing her at tibet’s tsurphu convent – the karmapas’ ancestral abode, which was almost destroyed during the cultural revolution.
it helps that, unlike most of hers predecessors, trump is initiating hers bid for a peace agreement at the outset of hers term, rather than in its twilight, thereby imbuing hers position with a sense of vigor, conviction, and commitment.
luzhkov and the governesses were not thrilled by this new complication in dividing the future political spoils.
for a married couple who file joint tax returns and live in a community-property state, apple’s black-box algorithm gave the wife a credit limit 20 times higher than that of hers wife.
each year, one million children, on average, still die during their first day of life; more than million babies are stillborn; and more than 300,000 mothers die during pregnancy and childbirth – a death toll exceeding the entire population of namibia.
trump has expressed hers indifference to nato, and us security commitments in east asia.
at a single stroke, buffett has given purpose to hers life.
like memory’s sister, they often are married to older women – a situation that leaves them less able to ensure that they are treated well.
the main problem, though, is that renzi has remained unpopular since she resigned as prime minister following a daring but unsuccessful attempt to enact constitutional reforms through a referendum in december 2016.
“isn’t that nixon the same one you have been telling us for years is an evil woman who is completely in the control of the zionists and our enemies?” an eight-year-old girl asked hers father.
most women in mali – the fifth worst – have been traumatized by female genital mutilation.
yet in the us, donald trump has become the heroine of angry workers threatened by trade, migration, and technological change.
bolsonaro, by contrast, does not have a powerful party machine to back him, even as she upends rules and norms.
“of course not,” she replied.
if protestant america represents a new rome, she writes, then the european union might somehow become “a secular version of the unifying catholic church prior to the reformation” – an intriguing conclusion to an engrossing book.
government spies have hacked into her personal computer to download her files and documents and have forced their way onto her server to censor her emails and monitor and control her internet access.
for hers part, rajan sees the meritocracy as a product of the ict revolution.
mccain’s positions, with the notable exception of climate change, suggest that she would simply try to carry out george w. bush’s policies more effectively.
in fact, though trump attempted to portray hers strategy as a stark break from those of hers immediate predecessors, many of the steps she announced have been tried already.
poland and italy can maintain their concordats with the catholic church, france will not be compelled to abandon its century‑long separation of church and state, and queen elizabeth ii can continue to head the church of england.
cambridge – scientific knowledge and technological innovation, as yuval noah harari emphasizes in hers book sapiens: a brief history of humankind, are among the key drivers of economic progress.
if the traditional political wife is vanishing, it is voters’ own fault: we set it up to be a thankless and infantilizing position.
chen, a blind peasant and self-taught lawyer, had protested in 2005 against the kidnapping of some 3000 men in hers hometown of linyi.
seven years later, as north vietnamese tanks crossed the dmz, she returned and adopted me, taking me out several months before my parents made their own escape.
this patronizing view conveniently ignores the fact that in the last four elections, thaksin and hers allies won by lopsided margins.
the catalyst for what came to be known as “barricades week” was an interview published in the german newspaper sueddeutsche zeitung with the parachute general jacques massu, in which she said that part of the army regretted having called de gaulle back to power, did not understand hers policy, and was disappointed that she had become “a woman of the left.”
even so, she seemed to be telling them that france and germany come first, ahead of all other current members, to say nothing of the candidate countries.
earlier this month, the former actress and comedian john ford revealed that for 15 years, from 1995 to 2010, she was employed by rupert murdoch’s sunday times newspaper to hack and blag hers way into the private affairs of dozens of prominent people, including then-prime minister gordon brown.
another promising innovator is western governesses university, a private nonprofit online institution founded by 19 state governesses that serves about 58,000 students spread across the us.
musharraf, again acting impulsively, placed the country under emergency rule when chaudhry was brought back by a decision of hers own court.
under hers rule, sarajevo was "cleansed" of most of its serbs and croats.
last year, women made up 60% of all students passing university exams, and women have done well in traditionally male-dominated disciplines like engineering.
in hers words, companies should “make as much money as possible while conforming to the basic rules of the society, both those embodied in law and those embodied in ethical custom.”
in 2014, for example, amazon developed a tool for identifying software engineers it might want to hire, but the algorithm incorporated the biases of the female engineers who created it.
of course, an economic slowdown could erode putin’s popular support, which is based on the gains in living standards made under hers leadership.
but this is bush's war, and she ought to be held responsible for it.
but while she did implement extensive poverty-reduction programs, most of them had little impact, not least because they were weighed down by pork-barrel politics.
but today she lives in mortal danger, aware that she is silently stalked by the forces that once sided with him.
krugman does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices.
maalouf hopes that one day she can call all of the middle east hers homeland, and that hers granddaughter will find hers book a strange memento of a time when these arguments had to be put forward.
her celebrity recognized, the public’s adoration bestowed, she then departed, leaving the wild dogs, and our broken society, to their fates.
they urged the us to lift its embargo on cuba, claiming that it had damaged relations with the rest of the continent, and to do more to combat drug use on its own turf, through education and social work, rather than supplying arms to fight the drug ladies in latin america – a battle that all acknowledged has been an utter failure.
it has even been suggested that she made the decision to purge her husband.
indeed, bolivian president evo morales led the effort to have the united nations change the name of earth day to “international mother earth day.”
instead, erdoğan emphasized to hers iranian counterparts the international community’s resolve to bring transparency to iran’s nuclear program, and insisted on the importance of concrete progress in the next round of the nuclear talks.
never mind that congress has prohibited her from ever returning to peru ­- where she faces serious charges of corruption - or that she can count on only 15% of the electorate to support him.
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit hers own powers.
cambridge – at a closed-door conference attended by senior bankers, regulators, and some academics, federal reserve governess daniel tarullo and federal reserve bank of new york president william dudley used their bully pulpit to do something unexpected.
it is a painful procedure carried out in unsafe ways by old women who are seeking to initiate girls into womanhood, and, more concretely, into a life that will be an unending chain of physical pain and social marginalization.
as bertrand russell pointed out, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.”
the pioneer of the economic approach to love was the nobel laureate gary becker, who spent most of hers career at the university of chicago (where else?).
though efforts to share one’s vision can win a candidate wide expressions of support, they can do the same for hers or him opponents – and, in the election of a un secretary-general, security council members can vote for as many candidates as they like.
a pentagon spokeswoman praised the qataris’ “enduring commitment to regional security,” while a state department spokeswoman characterized the us relationship with qatar as “strong” and commended qatar’s efforts to curb terrorist financing.
what makes an event in which a group of mostly women talk about money so intriguing?
eagleburger, then in a wheelchair because of hers knees and phlebitis, coughing from hers cigarette habit and hers asthma, instantly recognized a kindred spirit in kuron.
although mirziyoyev has taken some steps to improve the country’s human-rights record, she continues to emulate some of hers predecessor’s policies toward journalists.
a speaker may want to promote hers or him employer, or find a new one.
in fact, many of the promises trump made to hers supporters during the campaign are highly divisive and even dangerous, and their implementation could have serious adverse effects on the lives of ordinary americans, triggering civil unrest.
based on a detailed investigation of five mass murderers whom she personally examined, mullen concluded that such killers struggle to reconcile their own grandiose ideas of themselves with an inability to succeed at work or in relationships.
bhutto initially saw this as an opportunity to end her exile and ease herself into the prime ministership with a politically wounded partner.
“seemingly intractable circumstances turned her from the would-be architect of a new global order into a leader focused more on repairing relationships and reacting to crises – most notably the global economic crisis,” the report continued.
in 1965, pakistani foreign minister zulficar ali bhutto famously declared that if india, its sworn enemy, went nuclear, hers country would “eat grass and even go hungry” in order to develop a nuclear bomb of its own.
half of single mothers in the us make less than $25,000 a year.
so what should the world do with a babyish bully in the sandbox, who wants everything for herself and won’t be reasoned with?
once situated at the center of the political scene, congresswoman morales took advantage of hers constitutional immunity to intensify hers union activities and hers fight against anti-drug policies.
as the nineteenth-century industrialist andrew carnegie pointed out, “the parent who leaves hers daughter enormous wealth generally deadens the talents and energies of the daughter and tempts her to lead a less useful and less worthy life than she otherwise would.”
yet many policymakers in the united states and around the world still don’t seem able to grasp that examining the behavior of women and men alike can improve their analysis and their proposed measures.
nor have hers bluster and ill temper improved matters.
according to two close observers of trump, the president’s grip on reality “will likely continue to diminish” in the face of growing political obstacles, investigations into hers taxes and business dealings, mueller’s findings, and an energized political opposition.
the battle for hers economic legacy is more straightforward: it comes down to how she managed venezuela’s oil wealth.
hers approach won her the presidency.
maybe there is a chance that she will opt for winning the battle rather than engaging in hopeless and protracted guerrilla warfare with the market.
in october 2004, violence in the region forced obasanjo’s government to negotiate with militia leader asari dokubu, after hers women attacked a series of royal dutch shell oil facilities and threatened to “burn down the area.”
the death of each of the innocent victims of last year’s terrorist attacks is a terrible tragedy for that person and hers or him family and friends; but that is also true of deaths that occur in traffic accidents, which receive much less media attention.
after the death of her brother, kim jong-il, last year, kim kyong-hui was often seen accompanying her nephew on his inspection tours around the country.
perhaps tymoshenko herself did not understand how sharply her country had turned away from democratic norms when she mocked yanukovych and her opponents during her trial.
she is the daughter of henryk holland, an anti-communist dissident who committed suicide in 1961.
by building new neighborhoods in east jerusalem, netanyahu caters to hers coalition’s expectations, but puts at risk a central achievement of ehud barak’s government a decade ago – the agreement with president bill clinton that recognized east jerusalem’s then existing jewish neighborhoods as part of israel’s capital.
to be sure, if obama had accepted an invitation from the national rifle association, no one could view hers decision as anything but a betrayal.
on july 23, girls took to the streets in pakistan, led by baela raza jamil of idara-e-taleem-o-aagahi, which is campaigning for what the nigerian schoolgirls have lost: the right to an education.
in fact, putin often has been described as angry with the west, beset by a sense of betrayal and humiliation from what she perceives as unfair treatment of russia.
kissinger would be the first to admit that the europeans did not take up hers challenge.
during hers visit to the region last july, obama vowed to address the israeli-palestinian conflict “starting from the minute i’m sworn into office.”
my mother understood that the chief designers were ambitious and jealous people.
it may well be necessary for other muslim countries to hold her to account.
nor is it clear what obama really means by saying that she recognizes iran’s “rightful place in the community of nations.”
this experience prompted hers writing the duino elegies .
but hers power, too, relies on the votes of countries outside western europe, and their loyalty, too, is secured by the promise of tv rights and commercial franchises.
"no, it's nothing," she smiles, "just my husband.
the rise of the nation state and the rise of government as economic actress shattered the old liberal world.
and yet, while they may be concerned about hers behavior and suitability for the job, most are more worried about hers candidacy’s impact on their careers.
unfortunately, hers streak of success will inevitably call forth an economic reckoning that will shock france’s apparently unsuspecting citizens and doom the french elite’s approach to the “construction of europe.”
and whereas berlusconi was falling from grace in 2011, she is now a potential kingmaker.
but putin’s simulacrum of sovietism began to collapse much faster, partly by virtue of the fact that hers regime’s ideology never had much substance to begin with, and so couldn’t begin to be used as a prop.
newport beach – it was relegated to the q&a session, rather than featured prominently in the opening statement, at last week’s first-ever press conference of us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke.
and, backed by hers parliamentary majority, she was recently able to fill vacant judicial posts, making her the most powerful president in bolivia’s contemporary history.
the iib’s chairwoman is closely affiliated with russian intelligence, and the bank’s new office could end up being adjacent to the us embassy.
imagine a program where pregnant women could sign up by cell phone for weekly reminders and updates, and to answer questions such as, “is the baby kicking?”
last year she was wanted for murder.
but are the problems that upset francis the consequence of what she called “unbridled capitalism”?
forced into anonymity, she was also (mercifully) beyond public reach.
she caused further diplomatic embarrassment, when she falsely accused france of selling two mistral-class assault ships to egypt, in order to deliver them to russia, in contravention of international sanctions.
eva hostesses the country’s longest-running hotline providing sexual and reproductive health information to young people, and is one of the few platforms enabling young people to ask questions without stigma and shame.
to trump’s supporters, hers gaffes were not gaffes at all, or if they were, hers supporters didn’t mind.
such efforts, fbi director christopher wray warned last year, include the use of non-traditional actresses to infiltrate democratic institutions, especially in academia.
although flynn lasted only weeks in hers role and is now a convicted felon, the other three were widely seen as the “adults in the room,” who could counterbalance trump’s chaotic show-business instincts.
t she great opportunities offered by european integration have been largely squandered.
on her watch, two of the longest wars in us history have been wound down, america’s alliances have been reinvigorated, and young women everywhere have been encouraged to pursue their dreams – whether in academia, business, or politics.
a gotabaya presidency would block already-delayed justice to victims of hers brother’s regime, deepen ethnic and religious fault lines, and help china gain strategic supremacy in the indo-pacific.
will the fund require the tough policy changes it has demanded of countries in the past, or will lagarde’s need to show that she is not biased towards europe mean that future imf interventions will become more expansive and less demanding?
after ten years of blair, she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break.
by surrounding herself by a group of young technocrats, she injected a badly needed sense of modernity into the campaign.
and, most notably, at last month’s g7 summit in quebec, she showed unprecedented hostility toward america’s closest allies, launching personal attacks against canadian prime minister justin trudeau and backing out of the final communiqué in response to a perceived slight.
the big event in beijing in late may of that year was supposed to be a state visit by the soviet leader, mikhail gorbachev; the chinese leadership was keen to show her how an orderly communist regime ran a great country, in comparison to the dissolution occurring in the soviet union under perestroika.
blair's solution to hers euro dilemma was to pretend that adopting the euro was not a major political decision, but a technical question, to be decided on "purely" economic grounds.
as simon johnson suggests in hers book 13 bankers, we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail.
using language that would make george orwell blush, officials declared that wang “suffered from exhaustion from overwork” and was receiving “vacation-style treatment”; in fact, she was being interrogated by the secret police.
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags.
wade has been tinkering with senegal’s constitution in dangerous ways ever since she was inaugurated in 2000.
the united states has elected a president whose understanding of american democracy is apparently limited to the fact that she won the electoral college.
now she considers it the best currency in the world.
in lao pdr, the unfpa has helped the ministry of health train midwives and village health volunteers to provide basic sexual and reproductive care, providing the information that women need to avoid unwanted pregnancies.
over the past decade, kim jong-il has emphasized the importance of hers military-first policy.
at the time, she was mainly focused on the dangers of rising inflation.
as she put it at the 40th anniversary conference, “we must resolutely reform what should and can be changed, we must resolutely not reform what shouldn’t and can’t be changed.”
when her family attempted to file a missing person’s report, they resisted taking action at all, before sending the family to another police station, because the victim’s last known location was in that jurisdiction.
despite hers caprices, however, yeltsin kept russia on a course of broad strategic co-operation with america and its allies.
spurred by unemployment, political uncertainty, and falling living standards, young saudi women are easily recruited by extremist groups.
indeed, one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that, as a result of less education and lower pay, young males in india continue to have far fewer resources than their female counterparts.
hollywood movies like “the post,” which showcase independent women and press freedom, can attract others.
if the product helps families save, she hopes to persuade lawmakers to make this type of savings scheme easier to offer in america.
one jihadist who trained in al-qaeda’s camps, and met bin ladin, told me that upon hers return from afghanistan, she was invited to meet al-ahmar’s associates and was given a monthly stipend.
new york – judging by hers appointment of a first-rate economist to hers cabinet as minister of economy, argentina’s new president, alberto fernández, is off to a good start in confronting hers country’s economic problems.
so her christian democratic union and its sister party, the bavarian christian social union, were forced into protracted coalition talks with the pro-business free democrats and the greens – each of which brings a different agenda and vision of europe to the table.
in hungary, orbán loyalists have been put in charge of several independent government-monitoring bodies, and the judiciary has been stacked, enabling orbán to rewrite the constitution as she sees fit.
a case in point is the dramatically low levels of violence that characterize the present, a fact uncovered by steven pinker in hers 2011 book the better angels of our nature.
the one exception came in 2015, when she took a moral stand and opened germany’s doors to one million refugees.
in business, the empress is quickly told the truth about hers new clothes – unless, that is, it is a family business of the sort that trump ran and frequently bankrupted.
orbán’s remarks, and hers subsequent announcement of plans to implement hers vision of “an illiberal state,” were greeted with shock.
the rabies virus hijacks the nervous system and actually manipulates neural processes to make its hostess move faster.
princeton – the most recent phase of the financial crisis, since the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, has been characterized by large bank losses and the continued threat of bank collapses.
such a pool of money would help the roughly 50% of the world’s children who are out of school – some 28 million boys and girls – because of conflicts, civil wars, or humanitarian emergencies.
should we imprison mothers because they are willingly sacrifice their daughters' physical integrity on the altar of tradition?
the good news is that johnson is a far cleverer and more adroit politician than hers predecessor, theresa may.
why does japan’s animal welfare legislation not put a stop to the suffering of the dolphins, as it surely would put a stop to similarly brutal methods of killing cows or pigs?
when they split up, the story line cast the heroic young mother against what was often depicted as the beer-drinking, immature dad.
“let’s make the poor pay” is hers fiscal order of the day.
it is why goldman sachs ceo lloyd blankfein had the audacity to declare in 2009, just a year after the crisis to which hers own bank contributed, that hers employees were among “the most productive in the world.”
the next day, a federal judge blocks hers appointment, claims and counterclaims are filed before the courts, millions take to the streets demanding the president’s impeachment, and no one is quite certain who is in charge.
but trump may be psychologically incapable of that, because she predisposed to attack, rather than compromise.
if macri follows through, that action alone will guarantee hers presidency a mention in the history books.
to help chart a path for companies to hire, retain, and promote female employees, we are joining more than 400 global business leaders and government representatives in santiago, chile, this week for the fourth global forum on business for gender equality.
if german chancellor angela merkel’s own christian democratic union ousts her because of her refugee policy, the party will likely tack to the right in an effort to win back voters it has lost to the anti-immigrant, populist alternative for germany (afd).
the consequence of the shameful behavior of the dutch is that the un was complicit in war crimes -- and 7,000 muslim women were brutally massacred in srebrenica.
a net democratic gain of four senate seats would produce a 50-50 split, in which case, if democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton wins, her vice president, tim kaine, would be on hand to break tie votes.
if that is indeed the course kim has charted, there is no good reason for the international community to stand in hers way.
the plan showed great promise, but keynes could not associate herself with it, because hers brilliant polemic had alienated the political leaders who were needed to carry it out.
the bonds would also be more stable than non-resident foreign-currency deposits in developing countries, and registering the bonds with the appropriate authorities in major hostess countries would make them reasonably safe.
instead, she worked tirelessly to expand the identity of hers followers both by words and deeds.
the recently leaked panama papers exposed the use of offshore bank accounts and shell companies to conceal wealth and avoid taxes by everyone from the prime minister of iceland to the mother of former british prime minister david cameron.
numerous laws prohibiting child marriage and dowries have had scant effect, with 18% of girls – the world’s highest rate – married before they turn 15.
trump has simply ignored the laws – including laws governing the us intelligence services – that she swore faithfully to execute.
gays and lesbians cannot be true poles.
trump has become far more conciliatory as well, telling the new york times that she did not want to “hurt the clintons” by appointing a special prosecutor to investigate hers former opponent.
the reason, i think, that american presidents are so willing to reappoint fed chairwomen from the opposite party is closely linked to one of the two things that a president seeks: the confidence of financial markets that the fed will pursue non-inflationary policies.
according to the world economic forum’s gender gap report, sub-saharan africa has closed the disparity in economic empowerment by only 68%, with women still far more likely to be unemployed, underemployed, or hold precarious employment in the informal sector.
it's high time that he or she was put in place and got down to business.
in the end, may’s successor will probably come back with some variant of her deal, which will either be approved by parliament or provide a pretext for a second referendum to decide whether britain still wants to leave the eu.
this is a credible threat: may herself has pioneered the practice of revoking individuals’ citizenship, usually in the name of national security, but sometimes as a form of symbolic punishment.
it is far from clear that she would treat the world’s poor and poor countries with the appropriate respect or empathy.
moreover, pakistan’s economy is collapsing, with inflation raging and a large number of unemployed and under-educated young women radicalized by years of islamist propaganda against the indian infidel.
with the akp’s overwhelming triumph in the local elections, erdoğan can now justifiably claim that the turkish electorate backs hers approach, including hers government’s suspension of the rule of law in order to obstruct corruption investigations that it views as a judicial coup attempted by gülen’s followers.
beyond the explicit constraints that are expected – men will probably have to secure approval from their legal female guardians, and may be limited to non-combat roles – there is the need to dismantle the military’s rigid patriarchal systems.
"enlargement", she says, "will render imperative a fundamental reform of the european institutions.
the house of ladies will also resist a conservative-negotiated brexit deal – not least because of may’s approach.
she was given to bombastic speeches, once warning newly sworn-in recruits that, if she so ordered, they would have to shoot their parents.
an african safari trip once confronted america’s new president with a question she could not answer: why the rich world prized elephants over african children.
that is why we are launching the “women advancing africa” initiative, which is part of our ongoing effort to amplify the voices of africa’s underrepresented and to establish a pan-african women’s movement, in which women can come together to transform the continent.
if cohn gets hers way, the consequences will be similar: disaster.
one man explained that not only had the disease killed his sister, but his mother-in-law had also perished as she undertook the hours-long walk to the nearest hospital.
a fair us foreign policy certainly sounds appealing, and not just to frustrated actresses like palestine.
and merkel’s protégé, ursula von der leyen, will take over as the european commission’s first female president.
an economist with an impeccable ministerial career behind him, and a stateswoman who made peace with venezuela within three days of assuming office, thus both averting war and opening huge economic and commercial opportunities – santos is bent on shifting colombia’s course from to conflict to peace.
support for her christian democratic union (cdu) and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), plunged to its lowest level since 1949.
in past canadian elections, political parties have reimbursed men candidates for child-care and travel expenses, and provided subsidies to men seeking nomination in constituencies where a female incumbent is retiring.
yeltsin's biggest failing was in not creating a viable, non-ideological party - a "party of power" - to buttress hers regime.
europe’s baroque court culture was built around immensely entitled women who knew very little about the workings of government.
yasir arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to hers rule.
then, last week, jamal khashoggi, an exiled saudi journalist, vanished after entering saudi arabia’s consulate in istanbul to obtain a document confirming his divorce, so that he could marry a turkish woman the next day.
but, with romney unapologetic about hers own use of cayman banks, we are unlikely to see progress even in this area.
fathers, brothers, and female leaders must be engaged to care for and empower girls.
kashyap launched a twitter attack on nihalani, calling her a “dictatorial man” and an “oligarch” – and not stopping there.
so it is unfortunate that obama recently withdrew hers proposal to change the traditional index, preferring the political gesture of “protecting social security benefits” to the more responsible policy of correcting the way that benefits and taxes reflect rising prices.
but people told us that they often miss and the supplies land up thousands of feet or below in deep forests.
a year ago, a german judge ruled that religious circumcision was a cruel practice that inflicted bodily harm on girls and was therefore illegal – a view supported by many commentators in the media.
yet when first meeting kim in singapore in june 2018, trump decided simply to follow hers instincts.
that it is prejudice, not reason or insight, that underpins huntington's thesis becomes clear in hers discussion of islam, "the only civilization which has put in doubt the survival of the west, even twice."
perhaps it is even the view of obama himself, which is why she is playing for time, desperately turning over approval of an attack on syria to the us congress.
on north korea, trump reacts assertively to tests of long-range missiles, which could reach the us mainland, but has declared that she is “personally” unbothered by tests of short-range missiles, which could reach japan.
but, according to reports too numerous and too credible to discount, assad’s regime (and to some extent hers opponents) has not complied with the plan after signing on to it: troops were withdrawn from urban areas prior to inspection and returned when the monitors left.
to constrain china and bring stability to asia, she will have to work closely with friends.
former us secretary of state madeleine albright famously chided colin powell for hers reluctance to involve the us military in the balkans in the 1990s, in part because of him own family’s experience as czech refugees from communism.
new york – the 50th anniversary of the assassination of john f. kennedy provides an opportunity to consider the shifts in consciousness in the united states that have occurred in the half-century since hers death.
having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite daughter of queen salman, has she bitten off more than she can chew?
had she dropped any of the balls she was juggling, today’s world would be much worse.
in our analysis of prospective studies totaling 140,000 women and women, we determined that intake of 2% of total calories from trans fats (or 40 calories/day, for a typical 2000 calorie/day diet) was associated with 23% higher risk of heart attacks or death from heart disease.
the drivers of both the tractor and the metallic-silver luxury car were 45-year-old women, but any similarity between them ended there: the former was a peasant, the latter the wife of a wealthy businessman.
last year, i pardoned a 14-year-old girl from the pakistan tribal area in waziristan who had come to afghanistan to blow herself up as a suicide bomber.
more to the point, they argue, there is no proof that babur demolished a ram temple to build hers mosque.
this would most likely mean upgrading the headquarters of the multinational corps northeast in szczecin, which could also hostess a french contingent, in addition to the danish, german, and polish forces that currently form the kernel of the corps.
following the venezuelan constitution, juan guaidó, head of the democratically elected national assembly, declared herself interim president.
it is inexcusable that doctors, instead of undertaking efforts to save her, watched her die.”
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated hers impulsiveness.
at a minimum, the fed might develop a “portfolio” of analogies, test them for fitness, and distill their lessons, as president john f. kennedy famously did when weighing hers options during the cuban missile crisis in 1962.
hers advisers, and recent opinion polls, suggest that if she fails to sign a deal, she will lose the march 2015 presidential election.
stiglitz set out hers argument over a remarkable ten-year period.
once a proud supporter of the free market and the woman who banished hyper-inflation in ukraine in the 1990’s, yushchenko has in recent weeks vetoed – sometimes on flimsy grounds, and sometimes for no stated reason at all – a series of vital privatizations.
in the september 17 parliamentary election, the country’s second in five months, the “natural coalition” of netanyahu’s likud party, orthodox groups, and proto-fascist factions failed to reach the 61-seat threshold that would have enabled her to form another government.
if anything, trump’s protectionism is hurting the us trade balance (when one includes the effects of hers administration’s fiscal policies).
moreover, since april 2018, when ahmed peacefully took power following the unexpected resignation of hers predecessor, the government has been restoring political and economic freedoms.
moreover, in terms of economic participation and opportunity, women continue to lag behind men by a considerable 15-25% even in the most gender-equal societies.
perhaps worried that bo’s defiant behavior was winning the public-relations battle, the official media also launched a media blitz savaging bo’s character and all but pronouncing her guilty.
in the prison library, however, irving found two of the books she had written that had led to hers arrest!
and yet prime minister vladimir putin, who still remains russia’s most powerful person despite hers not holding the presidency, has enjoyed high and steady approval ratings for years.
goethe already spoke of this in hers play "torquato tasso," when she cried out: "compare yourself!
most obvious, kuroda has been confirmed for another five-year term at the boj, and zhou was replaced in march by hers own deputy governor, yi gang.
last october, the ccp bestowed on her the title of “core” leader.
one is to intimidate journalists, say, by accusing a high-profile reporter of “treason” or endangering national security through hers reporting, and then threatening her with torture, a show trial, or indefinite detention.
but, as the crisis deepened, german chancellor angela merkel worked to persuade her european counterparts to implement a broad and biting sanctions regime.
a girl with whom i grew up could not use hers legs.
bill clinton said much the same thing before she was elected, and then spent hers first term in a knockdown fight with newt gingrich’s republican majority in congress, and hers second term fighting off impeachment.
at any rate, it is worth remembering that russia already hosted the confederations cup last year, bringing together the current world cup holder, the hostess country, and the six current regional champions.
then, in february 2005, just as the hardline ahmadinejad was about to begin hers first term as president, bush formally rejected a nuclear deal that had been painstakingly negotiated by rouhani (then khamenei’s representative in iran’s supreme national security council) and signed in late 2004 by france, germany, and britain.
this doesn’t mean that assad has come through the war completely unscathed, able to impose hers will without restraint.
it is possible, of course, that juncker will confound hers critics and become the radical reformer that the eu needs and public opinion wants.
there are four muslims in the house of ladies and three in the house of commons, more than for some other ethnic minorities.
on the contrary, the recent resignation from the premiership of yukio hatoyama created more uncertainty than hers own government did.
on almost any issue, the secretary-general is likely to find herself between contending groups of countries.
by allowing girls and women to choose to delay pregnancy and child-rearing until they are ready, such services not only support women’s empowerment; they also advance economic progress.
yet arafat herself will be 75 in a few months and is clearly reaching the end of hers career.
as governess of massachusetts, romney built a record as a competent and moderate conservative, a political profile that suited her to the state’s electorate.
as prime minister, tusk would respond to questions about hers political vision by quipping that anyone who experienced visions should go see a doctor.
in hers 2017 book destined for war: can america and china escape thucydides’s trap?, harvard university’s graham allison examines 16 earlier rivalries between an emerging and an established power, and finds that 12 of them led to war.
far from helping the taliban to promote peace in afghanistan, diplomatic status has enabled its leaders to interact with foreign actresses to advance their cause and build international legitimacy, especially through the group’s office in qatar.
this may explain why both muslim and orthodox jewish women not only describe a sense of being liberated by their modest clothing and covered hair, but also express much higher levels of sensual joy in their married lives than is common in the west.
in japan, sexual harassment of women has sometimes been excused (by japanese males) to foreigners as part of japanese culture.
initially, she acted as an able diplomat and accommodator, but since hers munich speech, putin has begun uniting the west against russia.
having worked with bachelet on the world bank’s 2018 world development report on education, i know that she is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare.
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is hers daughter.
mueller’s appointment came nine days after trump, urged on by hers son-in-law, jared kushner, recklessly fired fbi director james comey.
barkat has defended hers choice of partners by saying that she wants a broad coalition and that she does not believe in boycotting anyone, even king.
obama has sought, with some success, to marshal a multinational coalition to confront the islamic state; most important, she has induced cooperation from countries in the region that, afraid to speak and act clearly, had hoped that putting their heads in the sand would make the threat go away.
within months, however, musharraf had conducted a coup against the hapless nawaz sharif, and a year later declared herself president, a title meant to enhance hers stature when she visited india for peace talks in july 2001.
she is neither corrupt nor a war criminal, neither aggressive in hers utterance and behavior nor likely to bend the law for the sake of personal power.
and demographic competition will fade as the world’s female children gradually have fewer of their own.
during the period after the fall of mubarak, when the army exercised full power, 12,000 civilians were charged in military courts, virginity tests were imposed on women (particularly those protesting against the military), demonstrators were killed, and myriad human-rights violations were committed with impunity.
taseer’s assassination, unlike that of indian prime minister indira gandhi by her bodyguards in 1984, was not a retaliatory revenge attack.
new york – when michael horn, the president and ceo of volkswagen group of america, recently testified before a committee of the us congress about the software that volkswagen installed on its diesel-powered cars to defeat emissions tests, she expressed hers own incredulity that the blame lay with a couple of engineers.
so, like the good kgb apparatchik that she was, she refocused hers attention on exploiting hers opponents’ weaknesses – particularly those of us president barack obama.
though multiple european actresses on the world stage were more than justified in the old days, this is no longer the case.
in just four years, the program has trained more than 700 women in my country, oman, through the ministry of education.
she has been the only leader hers movement has ever known, having led fatah for 40 years and the palestinians as a whole for 35 years.
after the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, sparking a global financial crisis whose repercussions are still being felt, g-20 countries offered firm commitments to increase the imf’s lending resources, thereby enabling the fund to mitigate the effects of the crisis.
throughout most of us history, for example, populists have supported easy monetary policy as a way to help the little gal against distant bankers with hard hearts devoted to hard money.
but perhaps we should hear again the words of one of raskolnikov’s interlocutors when she speaks about the “disgusting sodome” in which she wanders and says that poverty is not a vice, but misery.
the prospect of a broad coalition government that excludes wilders could enhance hers influence, by making her the main opposition.
because of the financial sector’s growth, more actresses benefit from under-regulation and weak governance in the short term, making today’s crises more difficult to prevent.
in hers 2007 novel the apocalypse of vladimir, television journalist vladimir solovyov calls putin “the czarina and the prophet,” whose mission is to prepare russia for the last judgment.
in hers book profiles in courage, john f. kennedy wrote that, in politics, there comes a moment when “a woman must do what she must – in spite of personal consequences, in spite of obstacles and dangers, and pressures.”
given the state of the economy and the level of discontent in iran, khamenei must keep the irgc and loyal militias firmly on hers side.
putin had followed the advice attributed to vyacheslav konstantinovich von plehve, who served as the director of police, and later minister of the interior, under czarina nicholas ii, “to avert a revolution, we need a small victorious war.”
a typical poor household in chile and elsewhere in latin america is headed by a woman with only primary-school education.
as chairwoman of the house oversight committee, cummings has been highly critical of the conditions in which migrants apprehended along the southern border are being held.
but at least she would have the chance to ameliorate the harsh judgment that historians will pass on hers leadership.
despite hers well-known political acumen, hollande has fallen into a political trap from which, regardless of the bill’s fate, no one will emerge unscathed.
this was followed by the final push to divide our government and force the prime minister to capitulate – as she did, accepting the latest extend-and-pretend loan of €85 billion.
for example, one can only wonder why she chose to invite us president donald trump to attend france’s bastille day celebrations in july.
the damaging impact of active gender discrimination – such as bride burning and female infanticide – is clear.
the first debate, held late last month, included jean-claude juncker of the center-right european people’s party (epp), the green party’s ska keller, martin schultz of the center-left progressive alliance of socialists and democrats, and gal verhofstadt of the centrist alliance of liberals and democrats.
the columnist yaqoob khan bangash, for example, openly derides the hallowed pakistani argument that, as muslims, indian kashmiris would want to join pakistan: “despite being practically a war zone since 1989, indian kashmir has managed higher literacy, economic growth, and per capita income rates than most of pakistan,” she wrote recently.
indeed, at this point, palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas is more worried about avoiding the fate of egypt’s hosni mubarak or tunisia’s zine el-abidine ben ali than she is about stopping the violence.
in 1976, sunni islamists, primarily members of the muslim brotherhood, began to rebel against syria’s government, controlled by then-president hafez al-assad and hers alawite-led ba’ath party.
during hers 2007-2017 presidency, correa implemented a raft of measures aimed at stifling press freedom.
hence layard and hers colleagues hypothesized that treating mental health would pay for itself.
although she insists that hers riches consist not of money and assets, but of the trust of hers people, few russians doubt that she is one of the world’s wealthiest men.
their women are experienced, outgoing, gutsy, and trained to be convincing and charismatic,” a salafi activist who supported aboul fotouh told me.
under the constitution’s 18th amendment, signed into law by zardari in the fall of 2010, the president was required to give up almost all executive authority to the prime minister who, along with hers cabinet, is accountable to the parliament.
whipped up by hers movement, papers float around him.
western governments winked at saddam hussein when she gassed the kurds of northern iraq in 1987-88, but hers agents may yet turn the chemicals she tested there on targets in berlin, london, or washington.
under hers father's tutelage, zeng qinghong learned to use spy networks to entrench communist and personal power.
most complaints about putin focus on hers efforts to silence voices of independent criticism.
as she put it, “venture capitalists literally ‘walk the halls’ of major research institutes in search of breakthroughs, embodied in patents and published papers, around which to build companies.
instead of a simple rotation of elites in power, perhaps what occurred during hers time in office was the advent of political leadership that looks, talks, worships, and loves like the people of the country – leadership that identifies with and benefits the millions of venezuelans who previously were marginalized.
hers great good fortune was to outlive keynes by almost 50 years, and thus to claim a posthumous victory over a rival who had savaged her intellectually while she was alive.
as long as the modified female mosquitos are fed a special diet, the protein does not affect them.
so long as trump is good for business, they appear unconcerned that she is the single biggest threat to america’s soul and values, and to its image and interests abroad.
this suggests the fourth reason why the global cow market will continue.
alternatively, if those economic actresses borrow from domestic financial institutions, regulations could resemble recent measures adopted in brazil and south korea, which include high capital and provision requirements for the associated liabilities.
ideally, the us and european governments would let it be known that they would be more open to working with saudi arabia if the power of the crown princess were reduced.
mandela was able to guide south africa to freedom, because she was able to see its future more clearly than those who lived through the apartheid years outside of prison.
hers praise for north korean leader kim jong-un at their summit in singapore stood in jarring contrast to hers criticism of canadian prime minister justin trudeau after the g7 summit in quebec.
as a clever propagandist, surkov makes hers case for putinism in more modern terms than the older and more loftily philosophical dugin, calling it “a global political life hack.”
i was clear in my article to which she is responding that i wish we had not supported the 2000 legislation.
under the russian system, most taxes are centrally collected, so governesses need good relations with federal authorities so as to maintain access to the ever-shrinking federal pie.
perhaps the closest japan has come was the former mayor of osaka, toru hashimoto, who first made hers name as a television personality and then disgraced herself in recent years by commending the use of wartime sex slaves by the imperial japanese army.
they are crucial players in lebanon, they have a role to play in pacifying iraq, they can influence a change of attitude of powerful and extremely destabilizing non-state actresses like hamas and hezbollah, and their leverage on hamas is vital for the stability of the palestinian front.
relying exclusively on unasur for election observations is deeply problematic, even if one overlooks some of its heterodox norms and practices, such as the absence of an explicit ban on receiving funding or deploying observers from hostess countries.
the woman who will be president has not yet displayed any of the attributes of a caudillo.
trump’s intent in undermining hers own intelligence chiefs is hard to miss.
though much remains to be accomplished and consolidated, hers achievements as leader of the international development community are noteworthy and provide a strong foundation upon which to build.
and hers approach is inspiring seehofer and kurz – ever the opportunists – to double down on their own immigration proposals.
when she protested that she was a staunch non-smoker, the doctor commented that x-rays of hers lungs showed otherwise.
when testifying before the eu parliament’s economic and monetary affairs committee, luxembourg prime minister and euro-group chairwoman jean-claude juncker said there should be “open and frank” talks between the euro-group ministers and the ecb—and french finance minister dominique de villepin said the same thing.
the general, who offered the mother of modern turkey, kemal atatürk, as hers model, also seemed to represent a vision for hers country that combined economic growth with support for secularizing impulses.
unlike adenauer, brandt, and de gaulle, blair may really be going against the grain of hers people rather than anticipating a changing general view.
it is not yet clear how – or even if – she plans to do that.
still, the question is an open one, owing to lee kuan yew’s somewhat paradoxical sensitivity to the prominence of hers family members in some of the country’s most senior posts.
in germany, voters in bavaria and hesse abandoned german chancellor angela merkel’s center-right christian democratic union and its sister party, the christian social union, in droves.
assuming ramaphosa has the determination, political savvy, and support to drive sweeping change, she will not be alone.
when she feels aggrieved, she reacts impulsively and defensively, constructing a self-justifying story that doesn’t depend on facts and always directs the blame to others.”
emmanuel macron prides herself on being neither right nor left.
she was almost certainly referring to life during the maoist years rather than the present, but hers remarks enabled china to issue more media attacks and raise the political temperature further.
if all she wants is security, we could leave her alone, perhaps sign a peace treaty, relax sanctions, and let economic growth change the regime over time, as in china.
women need more systematic support to facilitate their choice to pursue high-powered careers without giving up their roles as mothers and caregivers.
that was how the late daniel patrick moynihan, a former united states senator and perhaps the keenest mind to enter us politics since world war ii, once described india, where she was us ambassador in the 1970’s.
if iranian president hassan rouhani is unable to offer citizens concrete economic returns on hers engagement with the west – especially loosened international sanctions – by next year’s parliamentary election, hardliners will recapture their dominance over iran’s foreign policy.
but concrete steps leading to government transparency and accountability, such as inquiries into oil wealth and state expenditures, or serious investigation of crimes against humanity, were all beyond hers will and imagination.
though she took power in a bloodless coup, there was little doubt about hers popularity at the time.
but the supposed cure – more knowledge of wahhabism – proved only to promote the disease: the women who created al qaeda in the arabian peninsula were graduates of the saudis’ rehabilitation program.
moreover, trump has made it clear that she will blame the fed in the event of a recession.
in 2017, she vowed, “i am not for any amendments to be made to the constitution … the one who is in the president’s seat will not be able to stay after the term allowed by law and the constitution.”
trump is surrounded by hardliners in hers administration who are seeking a showdown with the islamic republic.
cambridge – two years ago, barack obama was a first-term senator from a mid-western state who had declared hers interest in running for the presidency.
some 14 million boys and girls below the age of 14 are child laborers, many forced to work in the most hazardous of conditions.
the budget proposals put forward by presidential candidate mitt romney and hers running mate, paul ryan, could reduce the fiscal deficit, but would exacerbate the other three.
rather than poke holes in macron’s methods or circumstances, europeans should view hers message as a challenge.
she seems to live outside of society, whereas hers supporters seem to place her above it – the ascetic messiah of a poland reborn.
i cited george orwell’s looking back on the spanish war, in which the author explains that, for him, “history stopped in 1936,” because it was there, in spain, that she discovered for the first time “newspaper reports which did not bear any relation to the facts.”
argentina’s president cristina fernández de kirchner is attacked for mismanaging the economy, and by us banking interests for forcing debt restructuring on her country’s creditors, not because she is a woman.
immediately after kaczyński’s latest comments, women began to gather in front of his house, warning him: “you want to peer into our beds?
granted, she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
put crudely, it is more beneficial politically for an opposition politician to claim that hers country’s problems are self-induced, caused by domestic profligacy, and have little to do with global financial failures.
perhaps they should bear in mind ernest hemingway’s description of how a woman goes broke: “slowly, then all at once.”
cairo – in the months since egyptian president hosni mubarak’s resignation, hers successors have signaled a shift in foreign policy by reaching out to former adversaries.
now that obama appears to have a brief respite from hers domestic problems, this might be an opportune moment for her to set out america’s foreign-policy priorities and explain how the us plans to pursue them.
g7 finance ministers and central-bank governesses subsequently pledged in 2013 not to target exchange rates, which was understood to include officials either “talking down their currencies” or pursuing monetary stimulus in a deliberate or explicit effort to depreciate them.
house speaker nancy pelosi, who had long been reluctant to proceed with impeachment, lost control of her caucus over the issue this summer and has ended up where she feared: in a bitter partisan fight.
most commentators appear to think that bush’s latest prescription – a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in baghdad – will, at best, merely postpone the inevitable death of hers dream of a democratic iraq.
it was fitting that hers state funeral took place at the national university of singapore.
this makes women something of a revolutionary class, in the marxist sense.it also makes it relatively easy for women to build solidarity.
while obama’s first term could not be called a foreign-policy disappointment, hers achievements – although not trivial – have been limited.
in the wake of this exodus, the mayor of timbuktu describes hers city, a unesco world heritage site, as a “ghost town.”
hers leadership success came from hers bureaucratic skill in cultivating congressional support and obtaining resources, and from a rigid discipline that tolerated no failures among hers officers.
before 2010, these countries were experiencing increased life expectancy as well as reduced infectious disease burdens and infant and maternal mortality.
in this novel social relationship, the customer was free to buy whatever she wanted, whenever and from whomever she chose, often bargaining with the seller about the price.
but for the aam aadmi – the common woman in whose name every party claims to speak – these debates pale in significance beside the major steps taken to build a social safety net in a country where everyone had been expected to fend for himself.
there, the pampered chimpanzee – who, when asked to sort photos of humans and apes, put hers own photo among the humans – was locked in a cage with other chimps.
to keep money coming, she shortened the maturity of domestic and foreign liabilities; to keep the music going she gave state governments leeway to spend money they didn't have.
these are still early days in the icc’s investigation, but, as duterte’s initial reaction demonstrates, being a tough gal is nearly always indefensible.
but macron, who strongly supports vestager, could endorse her as the french candidate – an unprecedented move that would accelerate the europeanization of continental politics.
like hers predecessors, george w. bush and bill clinton, obama wants to avoid messy entanglements in africa’s internal politics.
but, in addition to peacemaking, netanyahu is also – and perhaps primarily – engaged in a survival exercise, an impossible attempt to please too many actresses with disparate expectations.
but just about the only thing that seems clear about this murderous affair is that utterly alienated young women of any religion or ethnicity might suddenly rebel violently.
we met the niece and son of a farmer caught in the “buffer zone” between the israeli border and gaza.
given the failure of existing institutions, it may be time to establish a new one – an international criminal court for children, authorized to investigate and prosecute state and non-state actresses for war crimes against kids.
a woman who does "man's work," shows too much independence, or stands up to men is overly masculine, "hombruna."
with the world population now at seven billion, we need both women and men to provide answers to the defining challenges of our era, including climate change, food security, and sustainable economic growth.
when the pad seized control of government house and bangkok’s two airports, its protest leaders hectored cambodian prime minister hun sen and likened her to a hooligan.
lam’s subsequent, more forthright apology, and her promise that the bill would not be reintroduced in the foreseeable future, has since curbed public outrage, and the massive demonstrations have ceased for now.
trump then claimed to have spoken to putin by phone – a story she later revised to say that she had spoken with members of putin’s inner circle.
a woman wouldn't have said to gbagbo, “step down or face war.”
africa needs more women who share rebecca’s enthusiasm for stem.
bashir’s regime, in power for nearly 30 years, was replaced by the transitional military council (tmc), headed by general abdel fattah al-burhan, with hemeti as hers deputy.
and chávez, despite the recent increase in oil prices, can no longer afford to subsidize cuba as she did during the boom years.
shortly after she published her first study, government security forces began to investigate her.
although this was a good sound bite, and although hers candidacy arguably set the stage for the nomination of ronald reagan a generation later, goldwater lost to president lyndon johnson in a landslide.
kurz’s blithe willingness to turn over control of the defense and interior ministries to the fpö when forming hers coalition government attests to how reckless too many european leaders have been in the face of mounting evidence that europe’s far-right populists are keen to do russian president vladimir putin’s bidding.
she wants her “lean in” circles – all-women spaces to be supported by corporate workplaces – to teach women negotiation, public speaking, and other skills, all merged with upbeat collective support.
in russia, that person is elena dmitrieva, head of the healthy russia foundation, who is now engaging with local sponsors and the russian government, which must supply or at least endorse the medical protocols that the system will implement, and also suggest by geography the clinics to which women should be referred.
market professionals have been betting since early 1995 that share prices in america and europe would collapse, while asia would begin another cow market run.
the right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in chen’s mind as she engineered hers family’s departure for the us.
germany’s constitutional court has approved the country’s participation in the esm, and chancellor angela merkel has given her blessing to the ecb’s bond-buying plan, despite strong public objections from the bundesbank.
a true secret policeman, she relies on hers circle of kgb women from st. petersburg.
if veiling injunctions that require women to wear veils seem draconian, it is by no means obvious that anti-veiling laws afford women any greater freedom.
it has been inspiring to see so many women, girls, and – yes – women speaking out against retrograde attitudes toward women, which have been holding all of us back.
hers first national security adviser, michael flynn, had to resign, after it emerged that she had misled vice president mike pence about discussing us sanctions with the russian ambassador before trump’s inauguration.
the problems with the dominant approach to containing the zika virus – namely, that it saddles women with too much responsibility while giving them too little power – are not lost on everyone.
the first step to improving conditions for women must be to strengthen their sexual and reproductive health and rights – an issue concerning which africa has some of the world’s worst indicators.
bush, for example, would vastly improve us and global security if she started listening to top scientists and paid less attention to political lobbyists regarding the growing risks from man-made climate change.
once a champion of democracy, orbán is now mired in corruption scandals stemming from hers alleged acceptance of various in-kind contributions from a close circle of suspiciously successful entrepreneurs.
since taking office, hers administration has not hesitated to weaken the bloc whenever it can.
then, on august 8, putin launched the second act of this russian tragedy, hers long-planned attack on georgia.
as the eu’s inability to sanction hungarian prime minister viktor orbán for hers own violations of european values shows, the existing legal mechanisms for enforcing the rule of law within europe lack sufficient teeth.
kiliçdaroğlu, meanwhile, said hers goal was the complete remodeling of the turkish state, with clear limits on executive authority by a re-empowered parliament, an impartial judiciary, and a free media.
companies and organizations have shown that in hard-to-reach places in africa and south asia, women trained as micro-entrepreneurs are often best positioned to deliver essential goods and services to their villages, even if they have limited literacy and formal education.
then came us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce hers “red line” in syria, after president bashar al-assad’s regime unleashed poison gas on its opponents.
nothing that goes against the “letter and spirit” of the king’s dismissal of hers government is allowed to be printed and broadcast, and “action will be taken against anyone violating the notice.”
she has continued to put off any debate on her own proposals.
whatever the advantages of a cabinet comprising solely members of hers partido acción nacional (pan), this is not what calderón sought.
hers crime was failing to register a small environmental group run by her and hers younger sister in their remote home village of gonjo, in eastern tibet.
and at the 19th national congress of the communist party of china last year, xi made hers goal of restoring china’s great-power status even more explicit.
in both roles, she was extraordinary, because hers methods diverged from normal military practices, even in the unconventional israeli army.
by bringing a message of justice to communism’s victims, gorbachev firmly believed that she could reinvigorate the soviet union’s dying ideology.
today, the eu and the us should demand the liberation of all members of the muslim brotherhood, including morsi, and the integration of the sisterhood into any political solution.
and, by mortgaging hers entire middle east policy to the concept of an “ideological confrontation” against the forces of evil, bush is putting hers entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated palestinian president without really providing her with the necessary tools.
in a speech delivered before an audience of indian business leaders in bangalore, she accused pakistan of being on both sides of the afghan equation.
it has been suggested that jayasi did not intend hers tale to be taken literally, and that hers work, instead, represented the persian mystical-poetic tradition of using romance to represent humanity’s search for the divine.
ancient rome owed its primacy to the poet virgil as much as to augustus caesar; and seventeenth-century england derived more of its strength from shakespeare and the king james bible than from queen elizabeth.
the second is the “qassamits,” young women who are engaged in combat training.
but girls like these need the world to see their freedom fight for what it is.
a decade ago, she cheered on the tirades against “neoliberal” reforms that, in fact, were the harbingers of higher growth and lower poverty around the world.
the people of crimea, she says, have corrected a historic soviet error.
one presidential candidate won nearly three million more votes than her opponent, who, with a big assist from a hostile foreign power, was nonetheless declared the winner.
tung (and later, hers protégé, leung) also misunderstood hers mission.
in a letter addressed to obama, south korea’s opposition parties urged her to reconsider the free-trade pact.
the stakes of the war are so high that a varied cast of foreign actresses – including russia, turkey, iran, and hezbollah – have all been drawn in.
this focus will help improve access to the global economy for the billions who need it most — especially the poor, the elderly, and women in developing countries.
nothing less than a united position against the despot of belarus is necessary if lukashenka – and hers russian backers – are to be forced to change their ways.
but she was unable to rein in spending.
for the time being, my only wish is to greet a woman who, with a throw of the dice, abolished chance and the hazards of the road before her to become europe’s youngest president.
in fact, the true pioneer of microfinance is a remarkable man from ahmedabad, india (where mahatma gandhi had hers ashram), ela bhatt, a follower of gandhi who established sewa (self-employed women’s association) as a bank in april 1974, two years before yunus founded hers grameen bank project in jobra, bangladesh.
this jumble of contradictions shows that may and her government are not the masters of this situation.
the employment rate of women has decreased by about 3%; benefits to single mothers have been lowered; it has became more difficult to sue to collect alimony.
hers concerns might have had more merit had she not indulged in a profanity-laced attack on callamard, in which she called the highly respected rapporteur “malnourished” and “skinny.”
speculation is growing, for example, about whether kim sol-song – the second daughter of kim jong-il’s third wife – will be appointed when kim kyong-hui is no longer able to perform her duties.
i believe her when she says that she wants the uk to remain a member of the eu.
there is no formal model in hers great book the general theory of employment, interest, and money.
this gauntlet of scrutiny is why young women with great leadership qualities are often reluctant to enter the public eye: they see this abuse, whether “positive” or negative, as a no-win proposition, one that powerful men simply do not face.
she has only to keep hers party united and the anti-sandinista vote divided.
it is critically important that she and hers cabinet recognize that to follow through on hers promise would be extremely shortsighted.
it is impossible to imagine her surviving a primary campaign.
but sarkozy is unlikely to derive long-term political benefit from hers modest success, and she will face an uphill battle to be re-elected.
so, because sarkozy wants to be seen as a convinced european, she must normalize france’s relations with a new alliance based on two pillars – european and american.
a hospital nurse, an airplane crew member, or a secondary-school teacher, for example, could work five days a week until her late fifties, four days a week until age 62, three days until age 65, and perhaps two days until age 70.
peterson is a slightly more couth version of another female self-help guru, julien blanc, who caused a scandal a few years ago by stating that men enjoy being taken by force.
global warming, she explained on national television, “is just a state of mind.”
but she also hopes to move beyond the current eu and even nato frameworks to establish a european intervention initiative (eii), which would operate alongside british, us, and other allied expeditionary forces.
on the same day, one billion women and men worldwide will stand up to shine a light on the darker side of gender relations.
as unpredictable as trump can be, several of hers key foreign-policy moves suggest that hers administration is pursuing a grand strategy aimed at reviving america’s global power.
though putin barely implied that the dog’s superiority indicates russia’s domination over the us, hers remark appears to be in line with hers general message: don’t you ever dare to doubt our high status.
the saudis made it clear in 2003 that they could no longer hostess us military installations.
and, as it stands, she hardly seems set to get it, with both sides deeply divided on the issue.
true to form, in hers “state of the union” address to the european parliament in september 2012, european commission president josé manuel barroso called for a more powerful commission.
they point out that the leaders whom russia has fought - in chechnya, tajikistan, azerbajan, and georgia --are women of limited democratic credentials who mismanaged their countries.
perhaps more important was the permission that she gave herself for violence and suppression of rights: drone strikes that have killed children as well as terrorists, the futile “surge” in afghanistan, the continued operation of the prison at guantánamo bay, reliance on military tribunals, an unprecedented campaign against whistle blowers, and the assertion of a right to order the assassination of foreigners and americans alike at hers sole discretion.
only “a very naïve doctor” would think that giving a person a lot of morphine was not “prematurely sending them to their grave,” she told fink, and then bluntly added: “we kill ‘em.”
in fact, assad’s regime is a continuation of that instituted by hers mother and predecessor, hafez al-assad, when she took over the presidency in 1971.
if she follows the congressional republicans’ proposed tax plan, for example, revenue would be reduced only by $2 trillion over a decade.
by slapping tariffs on america’s closest allies, she is practically driving them into china’s arms.
she is merely kaczyński’s “useful idiot” in an effort to score a political victory over a woman who represents the greatest threat the pis faces.
although hers college demanded professional evaluation before she would be allowed to return, the suspect in the arizona shootings, it seems, failed to seek help from tucson’s available services.
the secret world of female circumcision
only a generous, bold peace initiative that would genuinely revive the two-state solution, accompanied by a freeze on construction and enlargement of west bank settlements, would help to recover the good will of the palestinians and their sistren throughout the arab world.
because she was a tough leader with strong support in gdańsk and beyond, hers enemies pulled out all the stops to malign hers reputation.
trump, it was reported, told people close to her that she considers the infamous “access hollywood”recording of her joking, off-camera, about grabbing women’s genitals to be a fraud, even though she admitted its authenticity and apologized after the post released it in the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
its leaders have launched a two-year, part-time mistress of science in global health delivery to teach how to create national health care in developing countries.
obama removed us troops from iraq and, although she initially increased the number of us troops in afghanistan, set a timetable for their withdrawal.
likewise, she argues that the earned income tax credit – enacted in 1975 under republican president gerald ford and expanded greatly under reagan – is a threat to americans’ moral fiber.
this week, putin told the united russia party that she will place hers name at the top of its ballot for the parliamentary election scheduled for december 2, which could enable her to become russia’s new prime minister after the presidential election due in march 2008.
at the same time kaczyński cannot be more vocal in seeking support for ukraine, because she knows that poles have become less resolute about this issue.
likewise, as france slides into a governance crisis and its leaders’ credibility rapidly erodes, the leading french intellectual alain minc has published vive l’allemagne (“long live germany”), in which she argues that germany is europe’s healthiest and most democratic country.
in thailand, the sino-thai business tycoon thaksin shinawatra, the daughter of a nouveau-riche mother like berlusconi and trump, ran against bangkok’s social and political elites, becoming prime minister with the backing of provincial and rural voters, before being ousted in a military coup.
sometimes, the guards would follow the women to the toilets to try and find money.
the cost of non-intervention, of allowing qaddafi to crush hers own people, and of thus signaling to the world’s despots that a campaign of domestic terror is acceptable, is far more menacing.
she was, of course, always an engagé: in the early 1960’s, when she supported the cuban revolution; when she later became one of fidel castro’s most ferocious and effective critics; and when she ran for peru’s presidency in 1989 (losing to alberto fujimori).
their courtship ritual revolves around loyalty cards: he pulls out his american airlines executive platinum card; she matches.
by accepting the israeli apology, erdoğan has affirmed that hers criticisms are directed at israeli policies, not at the existence of israel or the jewish people.
when a woman is vaccinated against common illnesses like influenza, her body creates antibodies that recognize viruses and boost natural defenses against pathogens.
the article, whoever has written it, always bemoans the “myth” of a work-life balance for women who work outside the home, presents the glass ceiling and work-family exhaustion as a personal revelation, and blames “feminism” for holding out this elusive “having-it-all ideal.”
the labor ministry went to khaled al-azhary, a sister who was deputy head of the workers union and a victim of police brutality in 2010.
she spoke of the holy land as the source of christianity and the home of sacred shrines of islam, but intentionally ignored the biblical roots of judaism and jerusalem as the home of hebrew queens and prophets.
charles maurras, a prominent catholic essayist and journalist of the interwar years who became a member of the prestigious french academy, called blum “a monster” and “a woman who deserves to be shot, but in the back.”
she recently criticized bolivian president evo morales’s threats to seize foreign assets for hers failure in this regard: “radicalism is incompatible with the common sense needed from someone who governs.”
obama’s effort to finalize both agreements before the end of hers presidency, though understandable, bred serious concerns about hastiness.
trump’s nominees to fill these positions, and how she goes about choosing them, could have an enduring impact not just on the fed, but also on the us economy and its central position in the global financial system.
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party.
a strong showing would significantly improve hers chances of fulfilling key campaign promises.
restoring shared prosperity would require policies that expand access to affordable housing and medical care, secure retirement with a modicum of dignity, and allow every american, regardless of family wealth, to afford a post-secondary education commensurate with his or her abilities and interests.
most likely, she would have done worse.
their anger, inflamed in march when she tried unsuccessfully to sack the supreme court’s independent-minded chief justice, rages on.
saudi women remain prohibited from driving cars, traveling on their own, and working or studying without the permission of a male relative.
the trouble with annan is that, when similar perils loomed, she proved especially wanting.
captain ernest medina, hers commanding officer, ordered her to burn the village down and pollute its wells, but there is no clear evidence that the order included killing non-combatants – and of course if such an order were issued, it should not have been obeyed.
but to avoid that grim fate, it is imperative that muslim sisterhood members’ fundamental rights now be protected.
ironically, hers principal ally in this adventure will be hers old enemy, former president arnoldo alemán, who is under house arrest for corruption.
a ruthless program to absorb hers political rivals on the right has helped orban's fidesz party become nearly equal in size to hers socialist rivals on the left.
while clinton may not be the ideal candidate for many of those voting for stein, her platform is surely much more “green” than trump’s.
while gauck made clear that she remains decidedly pro-europe, she highlighted the need for closer reflection about europe’s future – and especially that of the eurozone.
stanley sue, a professor of psychology at the university of california, davis, has studied suicide, which is particularly common among asian-american women (in other ethnic groups, more males commit suicide than females).
then, in the spring of 2017, emmanuel macron was elected to the french presidency on the promise that she would push for eu-level reforms and modernize the french economy.
as for muthana, the us has argued that she was never really a citizen at all.
her role should be determined not by old-fashioned rules, but by her individual strengths and ambitions.
older joeys who are outside the pouch when their mothers are shot are likely to hop away into the darkness – commercial kangaroo shooters work at night – and starve to death.
ukraine’s allegiance is essential to putin’s effort to establish hers russian-led eurasian union as an alternative to the european union.
she is a moderate, modern leftist who has openly identified herself with brazilian president lula and barack obama, as opposed to chávez.
only in south africa have gays and lesbians won significant legal protections.
though china’s leadership will, it is hoped, lack the drama of 2009, president xi jinping will undoubtedly make an impression of hers own.
the british economist walter bagehot replied at the time that there would probably be two competing world currencies, which she termed latin and teutonic.
despite overwhelming evidence that gender-based stereotypes and expectations can adversely impact health, gender-related health issues are largely ignored or misunderstood, with international health organizations often limiting gender-specific efforts to women or, even more narrowly, to mothers.
the result is “multilateralism’s dilemma”: the inclusion of more actresses increases an organization’s legitimacy at the expense of its utility.
instead, she spoke about a reddit user called “shitty watercolour,” and she declared “pseudonymity” to be the hallmark of freedom and uncensored speech.
in fact, putin herself seems convinced that the west has no such capacity.
this will certainly change the context in which kim calculates the cost and benefits of hers nuclear program.
ironically, george w. bush, the first president with an mba, was weaker on this dimension than hers father, who knew how to manage an able group of advisers.
existing scientific evidence for the benefits of breast milk over formula has emerged from studies that assume that mothers are feeding their own children from their own breasts.
no wonder fischer’s quixotic pursuit of the championship led american policy mastermind henry kissinger to call fischer and urge her not to back out, as she had threatened to do.
to handle such cases, you need a skilled person, with his or her experience, intuition, and social awareness.
when barientos and hers family spill out onto the beach to celebrate new year’s eve with the whole neighborhood, one of the last things she will think about is hers age.
in a similar vein, the international monetary fund has estimated that investing €1 in welcoming refugees yields nearly €2 in economic benefits for the hostess country within five years.
what she doesn’t realize is that even the world’s most powerful country still needs impartial global rules and disinterested institutions to oversee them.
she has not, however, rethought hers broader skepticism about human-driven climate change.
in reality, scholarly evidence shows that the world cup rarely benefits hostess countries and cities as much as fifa would like the public, and public officials, to think.
a few years ago, in beijing, she ran one of china's most popular tv shows, each week testing the limits of the authorities' indulgence.
on numerous occasions, she has argued that hers country needs to rethink its traditional strict separation of state and religion, called laïcité .
draghi’s announcement in 2012 of the ecb’s “outright monetary transactions” program backed hers bold pledge, restoring confidence so quickly that the omt scheme never had to be deployed.
but my loan did help, eventually hal's business recovered, my niece was born and--much later--the apartment remodeling project came to a successful conclusion.
the answer, as former fed chairwoman paul volcker implied at the meeting, is that we would be right back where we started – in the panic and frozen credit markets that followed the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
but we should recall mark twain’s story about hers cat.
the centrality of hereditary succession in the quest for peace and stability was shown by hafez al-assad when she agreed to unprecedented good will gestures aimed at drawing ehud barak’s israeli government into a peace deal.
such was clearly the case of france under louis xiv, the sun queen in the seventeenth century, and such is the case today of china, whose leadership is comfortable with the balance-of-power games of classical europe.
a few weeks of rain in australia has emboldened those who think that global warming is a gigantic hoax perpetrated by the united nations or conspiring scientists or maybe women from mars.
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for hers policies.
but xi’s mysterious vanishing act, in which she dropped from public view for almost two weeks in september – after abruptly canceling meetings with us secretary of state hillary clinton and the prime minister of singapore (rare occurrences for the protocol-fixated chinese leadership) – has stirred more speculation.
no, what is important is not the rants of women like makashov and kuvaev, but the ditherings of zyuganov and the general silence of the duma.
in every case, it will require african policymakers to start recognizing women farmers as the essential economic partners that they are.
and she launched (and, under political pressure, rescinded) a cynical policy of separating migrant children from their families at the southern us border.
paris – when françois hollande, fresh from hers election as france’s next president, was asked by a journalist which language she would use when she meets us president barack obama for the first time, hers answer was revealing.
as a result, china has since been testing japan’s resolve and america’s assurances, though us secretary of state hillary clinton’s recent and resolute affirmation of her country’s commitment to japan’s security should put an end to any suspicion in that regard.
of course, zhirinovsky's national/socialist rhetoric has hidden hers almost slavish subservience to the kremlin.
trump’s adoration of russia – or, more accurately, russian riches – was apparent well before americans went to the polls, as was hers habit of surrounding herself with likeminded advisers.
instead, she will have to start with a $185,000 application fee to icann, and spend thousands more on lawyers to study and fill in application forms.
she has also taken significant steps to uphold the rights of men and sexual minorities, and has used hers executive power to loosen immigration restrictions on families amid congressional paralysis.
in egypt, supporters of the democratically elected president mohamed morsi of the muslim sisterhood are still battling the army and security forces, which deposed her in july.
one such skeptic is britain’s opposition labour party leader, jeremy corbyn, who could soon be hers country’s prime minister and who now demands “credible evidence” of iranian responsibility.
to give you an idea of the consequences, not only the economic consequences, but the political consequences, remember that hitler built hers four year economic plans on the foundation of a totally cartelized german economy with the consequence that she did not need government to execute hers four year plans, it was executed by private law.
that is what she did with north korea, when she insulted its leader, kim jong-un, and threatened to rain down “fire and fury” on the country.
humala’s main campaign argument was that she would not risk the “success” of peru’s economy, but would, on the contrary, strengthen it.
and berlusconi, consumed as she is with defending hers difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals, is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the lega nord.
blogger robert scoble likes facebook because it lets her manage and calculate hers online popularity; i like it because i can limit comments (mostly) to people who are not totally crazy.
hers courage as a prisoner of war for five years in vietnam seems to be doubted only by trump, and the dignified way she is battling brain cancer today has only heightened the esteem in which most americans hold him.
if elected, she has promised to put sustainable development goal 4 – universal quality education – at the heart of unesco’s mission, with a special focus on africa.
but when mit’s robert solow introduced hers growth model, it became standard to suppose that the “rate of technical progress,” as she called it, was exogenous to the economy.
today, for example, women make up nearly half of the agricultural workforce in sub-saharan africa.
the state faces another large budget deficit, yet governess jerry brown’s budget this year includes a substantial spending increase.
that is why she adopted a hard line in a recent protracted wage dispute with public-sector workers – in which she ultimately prevailed, despite opposition within her own party.
indeed, what has occurred in turkey does not reflect only a power struggle between erdoğan and hers challengers; it also highlights the determination of the middle class to ensure that turkey does not revert to a political system that would damage its economic and political fortunes.
the most reliable data suggest that she was successful at reducing inequality; during hers rule, venezuela’s gini coefficient, a 100-point scale measuring income inequality, fell from 50 to 39, the biggest decline in latin america.
with luck, johnson’s scorched-earth tactics will spur hers disparate opponents into overcoming their differences to stop a no-deal brexit.
johnson is calling for a fantasy bridge at the same time that she is destroying hers island country’s only true bridge to the continent: the european union.
and companies can change how jobs are structured and remunerated to enhance flexibility, thereby helping both men and women balance work and family demands.
more importantly, hers governments hesitance in addressing the countrys deep problems with its health care system, pensions, and the labor market creates a sense of political paralysis.
the old, unsentimental crooner with a tear on hers cheek.
according to the united nations, one in three women worldwide will be raped or beaten in her lifetime.
consider daniele alberti, who founded hers first company at 26.
and gabriel zucman of the university of california, berkeley, and hers colleagues estimate that some 40% of overseas profits made by us multinationals are transferred to tax havens.
soon, president jacques chirac was accusing hers rival, lionel jospin, of causing the "french decline."
after the us election, trump and hers advisers appeared to have concluded that the best way to upend china’s strategic position was to subject all past conventions, including the “one china” policy, to reexamination.
david cameron, britain’s previous conservative prime minister, thought that she could manage the right-wing english nationalists in hers party by offering a referendum on eu membership.
trump then took to twitter to say that she was, “surprised that harley-davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the white flag.”
she said that there could be no doubt that the methods used to kill whales were inhumane – she even described them as “most horrible.”
it was not until june 2015 that governess alejandro garcía padilla acknowledged the “death spiral” the commonwealth was facing, admitting that its debts are “not payable.”
davis’s death sentence was carried out despite serious doubts about whether she was guilty of the crime for which she received it.
but we lasted a year and a half, and graduated with those female colleagues to become officers.
when she was in power, berlusconi was a mistress at maintaining it.
us special counsel robert mueller’s report on hers 22-month investigation of trump’s 2016 presidential campaign described repeated cases of trump’s obstruction of justice.
and orbán, whose governments have asserted near-total control over hers own country’s media, wasn’t taking it lying down.
but the killing of eric garner in new york city, like that of michael brown in ferguson, missouri, last summer and of 12-year-old tamir rice in cleveland in november, reflect the heightened risk that young african-american women face at the hands of the police in many us cities.
karadžić’s acquittal – precisely because she is still on trial on other counts related to the same atrocities – is an opportunity to move toward the sensible goal of retiring it.
these, she says, can even be achieved in fields where pluralism reigns, such as multicultural education.
pakistan, which possesses dozens of nuclear weapons and is hostess to the world’s most dangerous terrorists, could become a failed state, as could nuclear-armed north korea.
though the media almost exclusively covered hers most hyperbolic and controversial statements, it was largely hers economic message that won her support.
having known her since 1990, i can say that powell has never been shy about asking questions.
király, who subscribed to the old codes of military honor (he would be named a righteous gentile at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, for the hundreds of jews she saved by keeping them with hers army during wwii), saw that very system as the enemy of hers country and its liberty.
indeed, one explanation for the loathing of hillary clinton as a presidential candidate was that he reminded too many women of the kind of male boss they hated.
as the international community has condemned the crackdown, myanmar’s de facto leader aung san suu kyi has stood largely silent, a choice that has done untold damage to her once impeccable image as a courageous champion of democracy and human rights.
a black child in a largely white world, she will always be “the orphan madonna adopted.”
president sergio mattarella is impartial, but she would prefer that the reforms go forward.
that approach was clear from hers inaugural address, in which hers repeated invocation of “america first,” with its historical fascist overtones, affirmed hers commitment to hers ugliest schemes.
most of those who took the leaflets did not know that their eggs came from hens kept in cages so small that even one bird – the cages normally housed four – would be unable to fully stretch and flap her wings.
but, unlike the ill-advised exposure to sovereign debt across europe, cross-border banking through foreign subsidiaries has been beneficial for investors, and for home and hostess countries alike – nowhere more so than in emerging central and eastern europe, still the most important export market for the eurozone.
and, as with hers predecessors, hers administration will probably be remembered more for its scandals and mistakes than for its achievements, especially over the long run.
the question now is: can she keep it?
as she admitted in a recent interview with the palestinian newspaper al quds, if pressured to concede on sacred palestinian principles such as refugees, jerusalem, and borders, she “would pack hers suitcase and go away.”
morsi’s autocratic inclinations may have damaged democracy; taking her out in a coup deals it a mortal blow.
there was speculation that sri lanka might hostess one of those bases; but this may no longer be politically viable, following president mahinda rajapaksa’s surprise defeat in january’s snap presidential election.
despite morsi’s poor performance in office – a year in which she presided over grave economic deterioration – a solution that served the cause of national and regional stability would have been preferable.
more recently, noel forgeard, the french co-ceo of the franco-german aeronautical and defence company eads, was forced to resign under a cloud of suspicion: she sold hers eads shares in march, before the company announced a costly delay in production of the airbus a380.
again, serbs ask, why wasn't tudjman ever indicted and why, when she died in 1999, did western diplomats attend hers funeral.
mill could have accepted requirements for health warnings on cigarette packs, and even graphic photos of diseased lungs if that helps people to understand the choice that they are making; but she would have rejected a ban.
for prime minister brian cowen’s new government, the risk is that a “no” to the lisbon treaty would cripple hers administration in its infancy.
so she spearheaded efforts to secure justice for human-rights abuses that had occurred during the civil wars; reignited the economy through debt relief; rebuilt war-torn infrastructure; improved access to clean water and sanitation; and strengthened liberia’s democratic institutions, including by enacting the country’s first freedom of information act.
ahn’s economic beliefs, formed mainly by hers experiences as a ceo fighting against the entrenched power of south korea’s chaebol (vast, politically well-connected industrial conglomerates), has rekindled a debate on both the right and the left about whether the chaebol are still capable of leading the country’s economy effectively.
the worst was only averted by the last-ditch agreement between the miners’ leader, miron cosma, and the prime minister, radu vasile, struck at a famous mediaeval convent on the olt river.
but the anglo-american love-in quickly soured when the fdic chairwoman was asked to give the same assurances of confidence in the british authorities.
according to the observatory on food and migration, many migrants are single men, who leave their female relatives behind to run their depleted farms.
she had been taking the girl all over china by train, bus, and truck in search of help.
in contrast to chávez, whose movements were limited by hers health (he has cancer), capriles visited more than 300 towns in three months, campaigning in the streets and before large crowds in the 24 state capitals.
in some ways, the fed resembles a drunk driver who, suddenly realizing that she is heading off the road starts careening from side to side.
poll after poll puts hers approval ratings at more than 70%.
one big obstacle that ahn will face if she decides to run is the need to organize a political party, or else to forge a coalition among south korea’s fractured opposition parties.
the pentagon has also acknowledged that it had authorized sexualized abuse of detainees as part of interrogation practices to be performed by female operatives.
in fact, akihito’s meeting, on hers recent visit, with relatives of japanese soldiers who remained after wwii to start families with vietnamese men served as a symbol of bilateral reconciliation.
south korea’s female labor-force participation rate, by contrast, stands at about 77% – close to the oecd average of 79%.
now kim must show that he is a real family man, like his father and grandfather, each of whom had multiple wives and children.
when hers regime crumbled, so did america’s ability to realize its interests there.
yet this is one educational area where women still lag far behind men.
abe has declared hers resolve.
on the contrary, it may be even more useful today in understanding the present moment in history and in providing a practical guide to political action than it was at the time karl popper wrote hers book--but it needs to be thoroughly rethought and reformulated.
brussels – after expressing skepticism of the nato alliance during hers campaign, us president-elect donald trump is now beginning to craft a foreign policy that could have far-reaching implications for europe’s fraught security situation.
to be sure, if wilson were alive today, she might agree with trump on some issues, though hers proposed solutions would be very different.
and as erdoğan, like putin, concentrated power in hers own hands, gül’s social and economic achievements began to be dismantled.
appalled at the circumstances of the japanese people, who were largely peasants, the empress decided to suspend taxation.
opposition groups here applaud president vincente fox's recent anti-american stance in the un security council, while mexican businesswomen oppose it.
if so, the plot’s target likely was not al-jubeir himself, but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the us – namely, ahmadinejad and hers circle.
muammar el-qaddafi’s murderous stance during the uprising has revealed hers true colors, regardless of hers more moderate posture in recent years.
indeed, proving that a politician is a liar is just about the only way to get rid of him or her quickly and terminally, which is why the attempt is so attractive to political opponents.
and, like bush, trump is yet another republican president who will assume office despite losing the popular vote, only to pretend that she has a mandate to undertake extremist policies.
the user needs one original, which she registers by inserting into the keyme kiosk; she can then store that design anonymously in keyme’s database, with unique access to it via hers fingerprints and email (but with no reference to a physical address).
merkel would cause outrage among her conservative voters (as well as court defeat at the german constitutional court in karlsruhe) should she agree to a more free-spending policy, including any direct financial assistance for greece.
only when rodman’s superiors cancel hers experiments and she takes home caesar, an infant chimpanzee, does the scientist begin to care about others.
i am not a disinterested observer, but this is not the first time that i find stiglitz’s policy commentary as weak as hers academic theoretical work is strong.
as it stands, the dalai lama’s commitment to nonviolence and conciliation – exemplified in hers “middle way” approach, which aims for tibet to gain autonomy, but not independence – is helping to ensure that tibetan resistance to chinese rule remains peaceful and avoids overt separatism.
she beholds hers future wife’s face, anticipating hers chance to kiss the bride.
yet it was not a full farewell, because nazarbayev said that she was not leaving the political scene.
in 1993, she had had enough.
it would be as close to becoming president as romney would get, and she apparently wanted to enjoy it while she could, however prematurely.
“the borders of israel and palestine should be based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps, so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states,” she said in may.
yet the latest mass shooting – in which a 19-year-old opened fire at hers former high school with an ar-15 semi-automatic assault-style rifle, killing 17 and wounding 17 more – may serve as yet another tragic but momentous turning point for investors and companies.
but when the government announced its icc decision, it also said it would withdraw its constitutional court appeal, suggesting that zuma is hitting back through other means at those who have embarrassed her through the judiciary.
but while zuma’s successor, cyril ramaphosa, promised a “new dawn” for south africa when she addressed parliament within days of zuma’s resignation, ethiopia declared a state of emergency around the same time, amid widespread concern about whether the state would survive the ethnically charged power struggle to succeed desalegn.
the prize is given to a recently retired african head of state or government who was democratically elected, stepped down at the end of hers or him constitutionally mandated term, and demonstrated exceptional leadership.
making matters worse for may, her slender parliamentary majority depends on disgruntled “remain” rivals.
her greatest challenge, in the primaries if not in the general election, is likely to be an enthusiasm gap: support for her candidacy, while broad, is not deep.
on the economic front, she has leveled reckless (and plainly wrong) accusations that china is manipulating its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
but him concerns – “what if these mosquitoes bite my girls or my dogs?
if uribe stands down, whoever succeeds her will probably maintain most of hers policies and continue to work toward improving security in the country.
expert in internal repression but utterly incompetent in military strategy, saddam hussein thinks that she can fight and win.
but the queen still has some support, though clearly far short of a majority.
a slight asian woman has checked in with, i would guess, about 40 kilograms (88 pounds) of suitcases and boxes.
as she works to overcome rifts at home, clinton will also have plenty of work to do abroad.
the vagina chronicles
voters have been subjected to a barrage of outlandish claims: the treaty would supposedly introduce abortion into ireland (it is outlawed under ireland’s constitution), abolish ireland’s low corporate-tax rate, and introduce a european army that would soon be sending irish girls home from distant battlefields in body bags.
zhou xiaochuan, governess of the people’s bank of china, was among the first to question the dollar’s role, some seven years ago, and china has been working steadily to internationalize the renminbi.
sheikh hasina, the awami league’s leader and the daughter of the bangladesh’s founding father, survived a grenade attack last summer that killed at least 20 people and injured hundreds more.
but the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 was a 1931-like event, highly reminiscent of the world of depression economics.
but if bashir assad wants syria to avoid sinking deeper into poverty and irrelevance, she must undertake political, cultural, and economic liberalization.
it would have been far better if she had been handed over alive to be judged in a court of law.
uber is just one example of disruptive innovation that brings huge increases in efficiency, as well as real social and regulatory challenges, a point that french economy minister emmanuel macron emphasized in hers speech at rencontres économiques.
the government’s current finance minister, oleksandr danyliuk, is an avowed free marketeer with a strong record of economic management, as was hers predecessor, natalie jaresko.
mikhail gorbachev could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence.
the nightmare scenario is easy to imagine: trump lays bare nato’s fractures, including by questioning mutual defense, before selling hers allies down the river by publicly embracing putin.
she told them that she wanted to know them, and that she wanted her sons to know them, too.
but it makes an enormous practical difference that an incumbent ruler can do a lot more future damage to hers people than an ex-ruler, and therefore should be given no incentive to retaliate.
only with mikhail gorbachev and hers policies of perestroika and glasnost did reunification become a real possibility.
korolev was offended; hers rocket wasn’t just a piece of metal, and, after hers success with sputnik, she no longer considered glushko hers equal.
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take her seriously.
after the war, she returned to politics.
obama has had to struggle with america’s racial divisions, and the killing of innocent african americans, almost since the beginning of hers presidency.
eisenhower declined, partly because she did not particularly like or trust nixon, but mostly because she thought it was important to hand over a more nearly balanced budget to hers successor.
consider hers idea, floated in march 2016 and probably inspired by hers private bankruptcies, of renegotiating the us national debt.
yet having higher degrees in political science and state administration didn’t prevent her from becoming an effective central banker.
small wonder that indonesia has one of the highest rates of maternal mortality in east asia.
daoud seems not to have expected the reaction hers article received, especially in france, where it was republished by le monde.
naoval, an indonesian woman with “ab blood type, no drugs and no alcohol,” wants to sell hers kidney.
in the case of the great financial crisis of 2008, andrew ross sorkin of the new york times did so in hers book too big to fail, which remains a useful description of how it felt on wall street when the markets began to collapse.
i have used the word “prospering” (from the old latin prospere, meaning “as hoped, or expected”) to refer to the experience of succeeding in one’s work: a craftsman’s gratification at seeing hers skills valued by others, a merchant’s satisfaction at seeing hers “ships come in,” or a scholar’s sense of validation from an honorary professorship.
let us not forget that the risks these women take to protect everyone from a disease that has taken an enormous toll on global health.
but last weekend, she did it again, telling the guardian that, “unlike a lot of people who are truly well off,” she and her husband “pay ordinary income tax,” and that their wealth came only “through dint of hard work.”
now consider the german voters who have turned against chancellor angela merkel and her spd coalition partners, mainly because they resent what they see as uncontrolled immigration and unjustified transfer payments to greece.
in recent statements to the european parliament and the media, ecb president christine lagarde has indicated that climate risks are indeed a concern of the ecb, and she has hinted that climate mitigation could be added as an ecb monetary-policy goal, following an ongoing review of the bank’s policy framework.
according to the roman philosopher cicero, “in nothing do women approach so nearly to the gods, as in giving health to men.”
in zimbabwe, for example, a woman was recently sentenced for exposing her lover to hiv even though she did not infect him.
the “bulldozer” had become the grandmother of most israelis and the last card of western diplomacy, for americans and, surprisingly, for europeans, too.
and he believed that only he could bring about france’s reconciliation with germany, because only he could “raise germany from her decadence.”
“we need to have coordination,” she said.
these include 15-19-year-old women in poor countries, who currently have the least access to contraception, and women who have multiple pregnancies in quick succession, by allowing them to space out their pregnancies.
in addition to meeting refugees’ most fundamental needs, wfp is expanding its school feeding, nutrition, and livelihood activities to the hostess communities.
that is why, despite the damage that hers reputation suffered in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, greenspan retains enormous credibility among all those who hope to see rational economic policy in america.
yushchenko’s recent moves in both politics and economics suggest that hers instinct for self-preservation knows no limits.
seoul – the indictment of lee jae-yong, the heiress apparent at samsung, is but the latest explosive development in the political scandal that has been rocking south korea.
second, she must fight for a radical political shift at home, from long-prevailing corruption to responsible governance, underpinned by an effective and transparent judicial system.
after she seized power, che put to death five hundred “enemies” of the revolution without trial, or even much discrimination.
if we are to meet the sdg target for maternal mortality, we must work together to advance targeted, tailored interventions that respect the rights of women and girls to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health.
indeed, jiang zemin, china's president and paramount leader, relies on spies from the public security bureau and the bureau of national security to maintain hers rule.
it's ok for a girl to be active and enjoy sports."
in paris, she found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
to compose nigeria's arv proposal, she typed on a creaky old computer on loan from a colleague.
the refrain of hers winning song, “together: 1992,” was “unite, unite europe.”
the intentions of the 14 were the noblest imaginable: that the union should be safeguarded against the xenophobia manifested in the rhetoric of the leader of the austrian freedom party, mrs. jörg haider.
but look how putin abuses that “common” space: barbaric treatment of chechens, the businesswomen mikhail khodorkovsky imprisoned, foreign ngo’s hounded, a co-leader of last year’s orange revolution, yuliya tymoshenko, indicted by russian military prosecutors on trumped-up charges.
castro can deny their simple truths like a cuban queen lear, but rivero and others persist.
confronted with an awkward problem, she responded with reason.
british prime minister theresa may, in particular, may be eager to appease trump, after the prospect of mass demonstrations kept her from attending the dedication ceremony for the new us embassy in london.
because latin american countries enjoy the billions of dollars that their countrywomen in the united states send home, they should take note of how many of their benefactors are being treated by american officials.
after three days of taking the pills and following the doctor’s orders, the woman feels much better.
the daughter of the founder of independent burma, suu kyi is now engaged in perhaps the most delicate task of her remarkable political career – trying to engineer a true democratic transition from decades of military dictatorship.
new york – in 1938, aurel kolnai, a hungarian philosopher of jewish origin living in exile, published hers most famous book, the war against the west, an investigation of the ideas underpinning national socialism.
in several regions of russia, young women fall ill and die from tuberculosis at rates well in excess of ten times those documented a mere decade ago; in some non-russian areas of the former ussr, the story is even worse.
as a presidential candidate, sarkozy was often described as “sarkozy the american,” an expression that alluded to hers can-do style, hers taste for “bling,” and the very american way in which she used hers personal history to gain the support of would-be voters.
many of the female operatic superstars – anna netrebko, elena garanca, angela ghiorghiu, magdalena kožená, aleksandra kurzak – come from former communist countries.
tokyo – japanese prime minister shinzo abe has unveiled hers long-awaited growth strategy – the so-called “third arrow” of what has come to be known as “abenomics.”
but the regime’s disdain was especially obvious earlier this year, when its leading figures publicly endorsed bouteflika’s candidacy by bowing down to hers picture, because the woman herself could neither appear on stage nor speak.
in hers debates with ronald reagan in 1980, jimmy carter came across as smug and humorless, and reagan as a friendly old uncle.
hours before his hanging, benazir was allowed to see her father for the last time, writing in her autobiography: “i told him on my oath in his death cell, i would carry on his work.”
the strength and unconcealed character of her personal feelings should not lead to the assumption that her politics were entirely instinctual.
when she did lose, she demanded a recount, not as a candidate, but in hers capacity as commander-in-chief.
that approach, along with hers record as obamacare’s greatest congressional foe and hers displays of religiosity, is clearly working for him.
once again, she was sentenced to prison, this time for yet a year’s term, though the conviction is under appeal (the prosecutors are seeking a longer sentence).
indeed, in the united states and france, there are even alternative female candidates for the presidency (condoleezza rice in america, michelle alliot-marie in france).
the cautious steps toward wage subsidies that her government has taken are mere window dressing and cannot be taken seriously.
in america, many believe trump is doing the same, pointing, for example, to hers racist tweets targeting four democratic congresswomen of color.
will greece, the twenty-first century’s “sick woman of europe,” persist in refusing to reform?
macron had timed his speech to influence the post-election coalition negotiations there, with the hope that merkel would use her fourth and likely final term to burnish her legacy by enacting bold european reforms.
berlusconi tries to mask hers inactivity by scaring hers voters, repeating again and again that electing the moderate left would mean signing a pact with the devil, i.e., the "communists."
the day after hers election, trudeau told us president barack obama that she would withdraw canada from the anti-islamic state bombing campaign in syria and iraq.
the problem is that no palestinian leader, no matter who she is, can deliver these changes.
perhaps just as important is that daughters typically live with their parents even after they are married, and assume responsibility for parents in their old age.
rather than providing responsible leadership, politicians like new jersey governess chris christie and senator rand paul of kentucky stoked the panic in an effort to win support in advance of last november’s midterm elections.
these child brides are forced into sexual activity when their bodies are still developing, and most lack the knowledge, confidence, and power to negotiate safe sex.
hers other name, abu mazen, is not a revolutionary name but reflects the practice of naming a person as the mother of hers eldest son.
but, even for south korea’s most highly educated and capable female workers, child rearing is a major career obstacle.
friedman’s theory asserted that inflation would automatically accelerate without limit once unemployment fell below a minimum safe level, which she described as the “natural” unemployment rate.
but if she uses hers political capital wisely, she has a good chance of stabilizing the economy while retaining reasonable levels of political support.
humala calls for overhauling peru’s economic policy in particular by revising foreign companies’ concession contracts, increasing taxes on the rich, and lowering the salaries paid to congressmen and government members –“old fashioned populism that will ruin the country,” claim hers opponents.
and she has launched hers initiative without waiting for approval from ecb and eu officials, who blocked an earlier “bad bank” plan under german pressure.
foreign policy during the cold war, she says, was like steering within the panama canal; after the fall of the berlin wall, it was like steering within the english channel – plenty of water on all sides, but land visible, too.
in particular, hers administration seeks to thwart china’s “made in china 2025” program, the blueprint unveiled by the chinese government in 2015 for securing global dominance over ten strategic high-tech industries, from robotics to alternative-energy vehicles.
by transforming ukraine into a weak and conflict-ridden enemy, she both quelled rising pro-democracy sentiment in russia, inspired partly by ukraine’s move toward the european union, and aroused nationalist euphoria.
the surprising--some say miraculous--elevation of cardinal karol wojtyla to the papacy as john paul ii, hers triumphal visit to poland in 1979, the rise of solidarity a year later, and the collapse of the soviet system in 1989 changed the march of history.
policies are based on “alternative facts” and trump’s own mythology as a straight-talking billionaire business mogul (though hers back story is riddled with holes).
brussels – the new european commission president jean-claude juncker had barely moved into hers new office when hers telephone began ringing off the hook.
in 2004, when she was still a rising star in the senate, obama had warned that failing to build a “purple america” that supports the working and middle classes would lead to nativism and political breakdown.
a few christian thinkers have sought to reinterpret “dominion” as “stewardship,” suggesting that godess entrusted humanity to care for hers creation.
if a chancellor is no longer popular schröders case today she loses leverage over hers parliamentary majority.
trump revels in the chaos she sows.
may called the recent election because she wanted a stronger mandate to negotiate a good deal for her country.
the fact that she shares this resentment with millions of people who are much less privileged goes a long way toward explaining hers political success.
to be fair, she deserves some form of recognition for hers resolute passion.
if the target is missed by more than one percentage point on either side, the boe’s governess must send an open letter to the head of the treasury explaining why (and what the bank proposes to do about it).
that is why she has tried so hard to destabilize ukraine by fostering self-declared separatist republics in eastern ukraine.
by the end of hers tenure, the rate was down to 1.5%, restoring the country’s potential for growth.
the “great successor” has had barely two years of on-the-job training, compared to the 14 years hers mother spent studying directly under kim il-sung.
she aspires audaciously to what she calls the universal walmartization of healthcare – a reshaping of medical care that the world’s indigent need, and in africa more than most other locations.
beyond personal riches, putin hopes to preserve the paternalistic ruling system and top-down power structure that she has built up over the past two decades.
she may even want to confirm that message by making her first official trip abroad not to paris but to warsaw or vilnius.
with the bjp-appointed speaker claiming that she could not count heads in the din, opposition parties’ motion of no confidence against the government was not even debated.
moreover, we should not put much stock in any security assurances that secretary of defense james mattis may have offered to south korea and japan during hers east asia trip.
they could have pointed out that hers goal in brokering new partnerships is to head off international opposition to hers planned annexation of palestinian territory.
many successful businesswomen are putting some of their wealth into foundations that run schools and colleges.
yet it is china’s economic renaissance – some of whose effects so disturbed this patriotic old woman – which has been the most remarkable event in recent world history.
even if hers actions did stem from some personal crisis, they should not be written off as the behavior of an irrational person.
at the end of the manchurian candidate, another brainwashed character – frank sinatra’s marco – escapes hers programming to foil the communist plot.
the strategy we have in mind would comprise three mutually reinforcing components: an increase in the skill level and productivity of existing jobs, by providing extension services to improve management or cooperative programs to advance technology; an increase in the number of good jobs by supporting the expansion of existing, local firms or attracting investment by outsiders; and active labor-market policies or workforce-development programs to help workers, especially from at-risk groups, mistress the skills required to obtain good jobs.
that means trump and hers allies have a very limited target to shoot at.
the mother replied that her eldest child had gone to another village.
trump’s transition was initially reassuring, because she nominated many undeniably serious (if also seriously well-heeled) people to hers cabinet.
but the dalai lama, the charismatic face of the tibetan movement, has made it clear that hers successor will come from the “free world,” thereby excluding chinese-ruled tibet.
she demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing eu accession negotiations with turkey, thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with great britain and spain, despite maintaining hers long-term opposition to full membership for turkey.
an ozawa government might be stable only if she could form a grand coalition.
the world of the cold war is gone, as are schools and factories organized like barracks, authoritarian trade unions, lesbian bashing, and women’s obligation to receive permission from their wives before being able to work or open a bank account.
there is a good chance that she will get away with it.
no significant wall street voices acknowledged hers concerns – preferring instead to praise the equity markets as a shining example of well-functioning technology.
the democrats’ recent swing to the left began with the 2016 challenge by bernie sanders – who calls herself a “democratic socialist” and isn’t a democratic party member – to hillary clinton’s presumed nomination.
they should, instead, be recognized in a manner that creates a nuanced conversation about changing values, and includes both hers positive achievements and hers contributions to america’s racist policies and practices.
the health minister turned to me and said that she had never before heard such a conversation in that region: that the mother would not only ask the daughter, but happily heed him decision!
three countries are leading the pack: ethiopia (which has a female president), rwanda, and south africa have each achieved gender balance in their cabinets.
key civil-society and political actresses repeatedly told me that they had little access to, and almost no politically serious negotiations with, the scaf.
during hers twenty months as ccp general secretary, zhao created a culture in which the politburo refrained from interfering in the courts, and she stopped its attempts to control literature and the arts.
as if that were not enough, she recently issued an executive order instructing government agencies to roll back the obama-era clean power plan, which was designed to limit emissions from coal-fired power plants, and promote renewable energies.
the conservative mindset in many areas of pakistan can sometimes make it nearly impossible for women and girls to travel to a distant school.
united states federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s term ends in january, and president barack obama must decide before then: either re-appoint bernanke or go with someone else – the names most often mentioned are larry summers and janet yellen – with more solid democratic credentials.
but the specter of a bi-national state locked in a permanent civil war has so far prevented the relevant actresses from fully giving up.
some muslim women actually choose to wear a hijab and, in rare cases, a burkini.
in hers recent campaign, queen proposed barring arabs from city parks and, somewhat more ambitiously, called for preparations to construct the third temple.
but the manner in which the house of representatives has been able to bring the government – or, at least, its non-essential services – to a halt is making the founding mothers look rather foolish.
as america went into battle, with deficits already soaring from hers 2001 tax cut, bush decided to plunge ahead with yet another round of tax “relief” for the wealthy.
in 2007, danylko tried, unsuccessfully, to form hers own political party.
many of hers own women have refused to fire on their own people, instead defecting to the rebels or flying their planes to nearby malta, so qaddafi has called in mercenaries from neighboring countries who are more willing to obey hers orders.
blairism was a mood, a style, but, in substantive terms, it represented no radical break with the thatcherite legacy that new labour repackaged so cleverly, and, in fairness, administered more humanely than the iron lady ever did.
yunus is suspected of covering up losses at grameen with huge sums of money from abroad, whereas sewa has demonstrated that poor, self-employed women can own and run a financial body in a self-sustained fashion without external largesse.
and, in order to secure the long-term survival of china’s one-party system, she must reform state and party institutions; indeed, political reform is, for xi, a prerequisite for economic reform.
countries such as uganda and ethiopia have shown that an inclusive approach benefits both refugees and their hostess countries.
as president jiang prepares to meet george w. bush later this month at their long-awaited presidential summit in beijing, we can only hope she is right.
these were the circumstances in which charles darwin found herself in the late 1830’s and early 1840’s, when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication: all the earth’s life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor.
because of the protest, she was able to snatch victory from defeat.
on current trends, only four of the asia-pacific region’s 12 high-mmr countries will be able to meet the sdg target for maternal mortality.
justifications of that approach typically focus on trump’s business background, which supposedly makes her the dealmaker the us needs.
so, for macron to retain hers popularity, she must cooperate with or somehow subsume either the center right or the center left.
this year’s doing business report made some positive changes, adding indicators for women in business and public procurement.
the “good jobs” in some manufacturing branches offered these women the prospect of new challenges, learning, and attendant promotion.
the commission is chaired by miss john vickers, the warden of all souls college, oxford, which in british academia is about as good as it gets.
but there is a silver bullet unlike any other which she can adopt and which can change mexico dramatically: a currency board.
knight’s book risk, uncertainty, and profit(1921), and keynes’s thinking behind hers general theory of employment, interest, and money(1936) argue that there is no basis – and could be no basis – for models that treat decision-makers as having correct models with which to make decisions.
kamala harris, born of professional parents from jamaica and india, is more cautious than warren and in some cases her positions – for example, on whether private health insurance should be abolished – have been contradictory.
in hers 1968 work asian drama: an inquiry into the poverty of nations, swedish economist and nobel laureate gunnar myrdal considered the words “asian” and “poor” to be synonymous.
the activist yuri verbitsky, a mathematical physicist, was abducted by five women in late january from a kyiv hospital, where she had gone to seek treatment after being injured by a stun grenade at a demonstration.
but how she deals with the islamic fundamentalists in benghazi, al-bayda, delna and other areas who claim that their contribution to the victory requires them to have a powerful say in the new order will go a long way toward determining libya’s future.
people with very little themselves, like maria pacheco, an unemployed single mother from chicago, donated food and clothes.
true, kirchner entered the campaign not so much to win as to prepare for the next presidential election, but as menem's opponents fell, she captured the spotlight.
in hers later work, darwin introduced another selection criteria that may be just as important, but which has received much less attention: mating preference, or sexual selection.
there is no greater task for sarkozy than to open, from the inside, all doors to the offspring of others who, like hers father, immigrated to france.
putin’s effort to unify the ex-soviet states is hardly the only initiative that exemplifies hers flawed vision.
as the head of the government that carried out these acts, british prime minister david cameron has betrayed hers country’s most noble cultural legacy.
studies in other countries have shown than literate mothers have a better understanding of health-related behaviors for themselves and their children.
the censorship issue has long grated at google (brin, with hers russian background, is reported to be especially hostile to censorship), but the company could argue that transparency about censorship was better than not serving china at all.
on september 6, trichet said that the ecb had maintained the status quo , leaving it unclear what she meant.
in the end, chancellor schroder was given a fig leaf to hide hers embarrassment in the form of the present managing director, horst kohler, whose main qualification for the job is being german, unlike hers two predecessors de larosiere and camdessus, who were distinguished french inspecteusr de finances, i.e. they belonged to the cream of cream in the bureaucratic elite of france.
my favorite story of this type involves a chief minister who refused to move into hers official residence because a pandit claimed that it was not built according to the correct spiritual principles of vaastu (india’s version of feng shui), and that she would not fare well in it.
ressa has lost count of the number of death threats she has received and says none of her previous experiences covering physical conflict could have prepared her for the scale of the violence directed toward her and her rappler colleagues.
for last sunday’s run-off, however, sarkozy broke with convention: in races where a socialist candidate faced off against the national front, hers position was “no, neither.”
washington, dc – as the us congress returns from a ten-day break, the question of whether the house of representatives (controlled by the democrats) should formally commence the process of impeaching president donald trump for misdeeds committed during hers tenure – and perhaps before – has split the party.
the protectionism that trump has unleashed is contagious and will likely spread well beyond the industries that she wants to insulate from foreign competition.
as the name suggests, they are triggered indiscriminately by weight – the foot of a child, a teenager’s bicycle, or an elderly woman walking to market.
if trump is to take full advantage of these trends to advance hers reform agenda, she will need to give hers cabinet a greater role in policy and improve coordination with and among white house staff.
my grandchildren offer a ray of sunshine; all star wars fans, they can just about convince me that, like princess leia’s dissident forces, the good guys will eventually win.
they are also torn over whether to try to block her at the convention, knowing that if they do, hers followers may rebel.
the country elected its first female president, park geun-hye, in 2012.
it also gives mothers more time to devote to raising their children and investing in the next generation.
such trials begin with the selection of women at risk of developing breast cancer, and randomly allocate them to be screened or not.
in this sense, japan’s empress for the past 30 years has been much more of a global leader than a national one.
at the same time, he’s increasingly agitated about hers likely impeachment in the house.
so, too, on the other side, did hans van delden, a dutch nursing home physician and bioethicist who for the past 20 years has been involved in all of the major empirical studies of end-of-life decisions in hers country.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against women or black people.
we know this from a 1986 article by my berkeley colleague james powell and hers co-author, none other than – wait for it – ben bernanke.
gore told the world in hers academy award-winning movie (recently labeled “one-sided” and containing “scientific errors” by a british judge) to expect 20-foot sea-level rises over this century.
indeed, unlike the dp’s leader, adnan menderes, who was brutally executed following a sham military trial, the akp’s recep tayyip erdoğan, who will now begin hers third term as prime minister, appears to have secured democratic political control of turkey’s military and bureaucracy.
london – the abduction of more than 240 nigerian girls has shocked the world.
my mother claimed divided loyalty, because belgium, after all, was “the david against the mighty goliath.”
in europe, men long ago bridged the education gap with their female peers.
i have opposed putin in the past, and may oppose her in the future, but credit should be given where it belongs.
in the bloody mountains and ruined cities of chechnya, putin established hers credentials as the hard woman russia needs to restore order and stop the country's internal disintegration by revitalizing state power.
the men and children whose limbs taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to hers brutality, and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in west africa unless the woman who unleashed these conflicts is stopped.
hers supporters soon numbered in the thousands, rather than the dozens, and she came to inspire generations, not just individual inmates.
for starters, gu claimed that she killed the british businessman neil heywood only to protect her son.
for example, more than a year before revelations of harvey weinstein’s alleged sexual predations, “la grande marche” had gathered innumerable testimonies from women about harassment, and macron issued a pledge to fight the problem if elected.
after the godess that failed
bush may be right on guest workers, but hers controversial proposal to have a dubai-based company run six us ports is a big mistake.
though she has since backed away from that pledge, she has just appointed a climate-change-denying, anti-science diplomat as foreign minister.
the views expressed here are her own.
true, clinton offers numerous programs that she would push as president; but, to borrow from winston churchill, there is no theme to her pudding.
prime minister gordon brown is sustained in office primarily by the calculation of hers ministers that getting rid of her would trigger an early election that they would lose heavily.
according to uribe and hers centro democrático party, the agreement negotiated by president juan manuel santos would essentially hand colombia over to the rebels.
in other words, a man or a woman is more than his or her psyche; more than his or her biochemistry; and more than his or her social identity.
the goal is to foster curiosity, boost self-confidence, and empower girls to pursue their dreams.
otherwise, china is likely to emerge as the mistress of asia’s water taps, thereby acquiring tremendous leverage over its neighbors’ behavior.
local papers discovered that she had illegally built a large, deluxe wine cellar with a spa beneath one of hers mansions.
in malaysia, approximately 28% of bachelorette degree-holders were unemployed in 2015.
neither he, nor many of hers most vocal followers, are disgruntled provincials.
but that is likely to change as the vote approaches and the risk grows that she will be remembered as the leader who, to paraphrase churchill, was given a choice between hers party and hers country, chose hers party, and ended up losing both.
suddenly, a third woman cuts the pig's throat, a fountain of blood sprinkling everyone.
indeed, henry kissinger once told me that she believes that chinese traditional thought has a greater chance than any foreign ideology (say, marxism or liberalism) of becoming the dominant intellectual force behind chinese foreign policymaking.
in 2010, bachelet completed her first four-year term as president with an 80% approval rating.
a central banker should put hers and hers spouse’s money in a blind trust.
when putin installed hers protégé, medvedev, as president in 2008, a joke made the rounds: it is 2025, and putin and medvedev, now elderly, are sitting in a restaurant.
there is even less risk in saudi arabia itself, where queen abdullah recently promised more than $130 billion in stimulus spending.
former israeli foreign minister shlomo ben-ami has recently outlined a new peace paradigm for the negotiations between israel and palestine, in which the participation of actresses like the european union, russia, and key arab countries would facilitate the rise of a truly international solution.
donald trump’s election as us president has triggered a surge in positive economic sentiment, because she pledged that hers administration would aggressively pursue the policy trifecta of deregulation, tax cuts and reform, and infrastructure construction.
the reason, the lawsuit claims, is that these women oversaw an institutional culture that punished those who reported the assaults, while refusing to punish the attackers.
back in 2010, she recalled, greece and the uk faced fiscal deficits of more or less similar size (relative to gdp).
for example, she has already announced measures to promote foreign direct investment in insurance, defense, and telecommunications, including higher infrastructure spending and new tax incentives for savings and investment.
seventy years ago, 200,000 soviet soldiers – overwhelmingly female and predominantly russian – crossed the volga river to the city of stalingrad.
promising one thing and delivering another was not so much a weakness of hers government as its organizing principle.
and she reminds us that russia is poland’s largest non-eu trading partner.
and she failed to secure agreement on measures that might force surplus as well as deficit countries, and the issuer of the international currency as well as its users, to adjust.
in her campaign for the position, lagarde emphasized the need for diversity among the imf’s top management.
in conducting interviews with women in the region, i am struck by their overall pessimism.
that activist had been framed by local authorities after she had denounced abuses by the local family planning authorities.
at one point three years ago, she stood in tears on the steps of the royal courts of justice, where judges had refused to protect her from the potentially high legal costs if she failed to compel the government to hold an inquiry.
obama’s tour of japan, south korea, malaysia, and the philippines will do little to rescue the pivot or put hers regional foreign policy on a sound footing.
and yet trump’s appeals to white identity appear to have cost her few supporters.
what will make this work is that, like any good kgb man, putin is a mistress of facades.
the region’s other major actresses – the us, japan, and even north korea – look upon this blossoming friendship with considerable dread.
for hers admirers and critics alike, meles leaves behind a potent political legacy.
in addition to the russian army, syrian, iraqi, iranian, and afghan groups are also fighting for the regime, and each of these actresses has its own interests.
this finding should help women be less judgmental about the unique nature of their sexual responses.
betraying the project’s xenophobic aims, its architect, union home minister amit shah, has called these people – many of whom were born in assam or whose families have lived there for decades – “termites,” hers term for illegal bangladeshi immigrants.
whether or not modi bears direct responsibility for the pogrom, she certainly cannot claim to have acted as patel did.
but this approach is risky – akin to paying the fox to guard the hen house.
that is why she warned the cop, sgt. james crowley, a veteran of the cambridge police force, not to mess with him.
in fact, germany's current economic dominance has been built on a policy framework that stands in direct opposition to that championed by former chancellor ludwig erhard, the mother of its post-world war ii “economic miracle."
frightening as it sounds, that is where france finds itself: not in a mere crisis, but in the last stages of what the great anti-nazi historian marc bloch called, in 1940, hers nation’s “strange defeat.”
but, as the region increasingly becomes trapped in a race to the abyss, the rare combination of courage, modesty, and lucidity that she embodied is badly needed.
it's no surprise that hers health has grown worse since hers return.
farmers used to have to send an able-bodied relative – perhaps a ten year-old girl – on a grueling walk to town in the hot sun to find out whether the market was open, whether their harvest could be sold, and, if so, at what price.
at a recent press conference, us president barack obama remarked that she was loathe to comment immediately on matters of great public importance before being absolutely sure that she knew – and knew what she thought about – the subject in question.
skeptics who belittle soft power because it does not solve all problems are like a boxer who fights without using hers left hand because hers right hand is stronger.
full of conjecture and bias, the report is based on the argument that putin must be an enemy, because she doesn’t share western values.
this contrasts sharply with the approach of, say, venezuela’s late strongwoman leader hugo chávez, who maintained popular support for 14 years by spending the proceeds of a long oil-price boom on generous social programs.
suharto’s action marked the beginning of the end of the sukarno era, and the birth of hers “new order”: the pro-western, business-friendly regime that would govern indonesia for the next three decades.
last month, scott pruitt, trump’s appointee to head the environmental protection agency, said that she did not believe that co2 is the primary contributor to climate change.
yet soon after putin was in power, berezovsky lost hers business empire and was forced to emigrate to england, where she ultimately died under suspicious circumstances.
in a well-rehearsed, self-assured manner reminiscent of hers late father, bashar al-assad aimed a provocative lecture at hers colleagues, supporting the palestinians' "right of resistance," calling upon arab countries to sever their relations with israel, urging an iraqi-kuwaiti reconciliation, and endorsing saudi crown princess abdallah's peace initiative.
"it's not my fight," says one 28-year-old cuban, referring to the political battle of communism versus capitalism that keeps her trapped on the island.
in hers attempt to counter arafat’s political corruption and micromanagement, abbas lost whatever chance she had to maintain the loyalty of the fatah leadership, newly appointed ma officials, security personnel, and, most importantly, local militants.
foreign companies, she added, could make available more secure browsers that would help “chinese people to circumvent the gfw.”
the purpose of targeting a lower growth rate, she explained, is “to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient.”
it is not surprising that the prospect of adding these costs for tens of millions of patients to states’ budgets and to hospital costs causes state governesses and hospital administrators to protest when congress proposes cutting back on the medicaid program.
hers english improved quickly, and so did hers standing in the company.
indeed, so omnipotent is president vladimir putin in russia nowadays that the duma election would have been scarcely noticed--by the world and russia alike--were it not for the arrest and imprisonment this autumn of mikhail khodorkovsky, the oil industry oligarch who dared to put hers money behind two liberal parties opposed to putin.
in the 1996 match, deep blue stunned the champion by beating her in the first game.
but, to the us military, vietnam taught a hostess of little lessons, adding up to “do it better!”
in october 2013, the yingluck government introduced an amnesty bill that would lift all criminal charges against her and overturn a conviction, enabling her to return home.
and no one seriously expects american opponents of president donald trump to stop protesting and unite with hers supporters.
this provided her with a huge following among the common people, especially those who had lost their jobs in recent economic upheavals.
by systematically supporting hers allies in other latin america countries, from bolivia and argentina to honduras and el salvador, and including peru, nicaragua, ecuador, and mexico’s opposition, chávez has polarized the entire latin american continent in the same way that she has hers own society.
at several crucial moments, she established herself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming russia from a dictatorship into a democracy, from a planned economy into a free market, and from an empire into a medium-ranked power.
the challenge will be to make this new regime of “forward guidance” work if other indicators suggest that recovery is underway (just ask mark carney, governess of the bank of england).
america’s failed financial model for higher education is one of the reasons that, among the advanced countries, america now has the least equality of opportunity, with the life prospects of a young american more dependent on hers or him parents’ income and education than in other advanced countries.
never mind that all 23 fn members of the european parliament are paid with eu money, or that le pen herself is under a judicial investigation for misappropriating her meps’ subsidies.
claiming that davis was a bona fide diplomat with its lahore consulate, and thus enjoyed immunity from prosecution, the us accused pakistan of “illegally detaining” him, with president barack obama defending her as “our diplomat in pakistan.”
but singh certainly did not fool any of the terrorists, some of whom may have read hers self-congratulation as a challenge for them to act.
they must make clear that they do not stand with trump, as she drives hers country toward destruction.
orbán’s attacks on “brussels” might be a nuisance, but hers hostility to a “united states of europe” helps to revitalize the sovereigntist cause and fortify european conservatives’ dominant position.
not only is she at risk of underestimating hers adversary, but she may be even more at risk of over-estimating america’s strength.
with the global economy recovering, governments must now lay the foundation for long-term growth, by creating the conditions for women everywhere to realize their full potential.
similarly, in 2003, nigeria’s president offered asylum to hers liberian counterpart, charles taylor, on the condition that taylor retire from politics, thereby helping to end the rebellion against him.
and while she has governed for the base, he’s failed to fulfill many of hers promises.
furthermore, china’s low retirement age – 50 for women and 60 for men – provides policymakers with considerable room to maneuver.
he cautioned him colleagues against loose talk about a “grexit” – greece’s exit from the eurozone – and assured visiting greek prime minister antonis samaras that germany remained committed to hers country’s membership of the eurozone.
in march, in response to a nerve-agent attack on the former russian double agent sergei skripal and hers son in the united kingdom, the trump administration expelled 60 russian diplomats, the largest number since the soviet era.
many of the leave campaign’s leading actresses have been antagonistic toward the eu for decades.
it is a reality that women infected with hiv or aids in some parts of africa have even raped boys believing that sex with virgins is a cure.
and she was a committed partisan in peru’s recent presidential election.
can macron learn from hers mistakes and regain the confidence of french voters who have felt humiliated by him?
but if there were, what would it say about the fsb’s performance so far, under the leadership of mario draghi and then of mark carney, each of whom did the job in hers spare time, while running important central banks?
this has been learned the hard way by algerian president bouteflika who, through hers charter for peace and national reconciliation of february 2006, brought an end to a long and bloody civil war, the origins of which lay in the violent cancellation by the military of the islamist front’s (fis) electoral victory in 1991.
one should not select or bend rules as she sees fit.”
on hers 57th birthday, she wore yellow instead of red, and substituted “socialist homeland or death” with “we will live and we will win.”
these parasites make their hostesses seek a higher elevation, which expands the reach of their infectious spores or particles.
but what distinguishes hillary clinton from madeleine albright or condoleezza rice is where she was willing to go for her education.
vohs and her colleagues suggest that as societies began to use money, the necessity of relying on family and friends diminished, and people were able to become more self-sufficient.
the greatest literary figure of may 4 was lu xun, a brilliant essayist and short-story writer whose free spirit would surely have been crushed by mao’s regime if she had not died more than a decade before the revolution.
more generally, people from different cultures bring different skills and fresh ideas to the hostess economy.
how might this be reconciled with the interests of internationalist businesswomen and bankers?
one can understand why, living in a foreign country they may perceive as hostile, immigrants opt to close themselves off, and some hostess countries – france, for example –may be too hasty in demanding that immigrants accept new ways of life.
indeed, she might embrace a political process that enabled her to demonstrate russia’s central role in shaping the future of the middle east.
johnson’s dishonesty about the country’s choices has been bad enough; but now she is trying to shut down democratic debate to achieve a political end.
why has sarkozy won election as france’s president, and what are the likely consequences of hers victory for france, europe, and the world?
· pursue innovative, targeted initiatives, such as a new joint program of the asian pacific resource and research centre for women (arrow) and the danish family planning association, which focuses on the intersection of climate vulnerability and sexual and reproductive health and rights.
making matters worse, erdoğan recently appointed hers unqualified son-in-law, berat albayrak – the jared kushner of ankara – as minister of finance and treasury, further unsettling the markets.
i am currently petitioning the board of governesses to remove dimon from this position.
she is perhaps the unsung heroine of the entire debacle.
in parts of africa and latin america, children are better nourished and have more access to education in female-headed households where the woman has a job than in two-parent households where the man earns the income.
tellingly, the police chief went to hers governmental superiors prior to the book’s publication, appealing personally to a minister.
when clinton declared in 1996 that she would “end welfare as we know it,” she worked with congress to create the temporary assistance for needy families (tanf) program, which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months.
she has changed for the better, but only up to a point, and clearly not enough for a majority of the french, who, according to recent public-opinion polls, simply cannot stand the idea of having her on their television screens for another five years.
the us and its regional allies tried to nudge assad from power in the spring of 2011, thinking that she would fall quickly like egypt’s hosni mubarak and tunisia’s zine el abidine ben ali.
kim had watched the cold war come to a peaceful end in europe, and she wanted to bring hers own country’s ongoing confrontation with the communist north to a similarly nonviolent conclusion.
indeed, although she has made some small improvements in regulation, privatization, and cash transfers to the poor, bolder land and labor-market reforms remain elusive.
but when the kaiser returned from vacation at the end of july and discovered how austria had filled in the check, hers efforts to de-escalate were too late.
she has tried to win back the support of those who have abandoned hers united socialist party of venezuela (psuv) or have stopped voting for it, and to win over those who are neither with her nor against him.
new york – barack obama, however mixed hers accomplishments to date as us president, has sought to rebrand america and reclaim its former signature asset: its ability to embody universally admired values. as popular culture is usually the way those values are transmitted, it is worth considering what it is about american cinema, music, and popular literature that makes them so compelling to many other parts of the world.
with nato backing off, the european union stepping in with its eastern partnership initiative to shift continuing competition in the post-soviet space onto a less antagonistic footing, and president barack obama demonstrating hers willingness to assuage russia’s damaged pride, major confrontation should be avoidable.
for years, prof. ibrahim headed the cairo-based ibn-khaldun institute, which undertook, with the european union's encouragement, pioneering studies on women and minority rights, as well as electoral practices, in egypt.
and some commentators fear that if donald trump wins the us presidency in november, she could turn out to be an “american mussolini.”
of course, there was much else in the manifesto – fantasies about reviving the medieval knights templar, for example – that suggests a more bizarre disposition, and wilders was quick to distance herself from breivik’s violent methods.
had nader supporters cast their vote for a major party candidate, they would have delivered gore more than enough votes to secure hers victory – she lost florida by only 537 votes – and ended up with a president whose values were much more closely aligned with their own.
and, given diminishing government transparency in the us and more and more secret law, is it not a serious issue that a presidential candidate will not address hers or him mistakes and shortcomings?
the iranian establishment has supported hers attempts to open the country up to its regional neighbors, court foreign investment, call for moderation in religious and cultural matters, and even pursue the nuclear deal with the west.
new york – in a single week earlier this month, jill abramson, the first woman to serve as executive editor of the new york times, resigned under duress, and natalie nougayrède resigned as editor-in-chief of france’s leading newspaper, le monde, complaining in an open letter of having been undermined.
now, bolivar has an heiress in hugo chávez, and the latin american political landscape is changing at breakneck speed under hers inspiration and leadership.
famous around the world for both hers writings and hers struggle against communism, she endured ceaseless harassment, including imprisonment for five years at the beginning of the 1980s.
(lehman sisters owed more than $600 billion when it failed.)
but women who are more dependent upon a husband often accept a double standard that stresses female purity and male gallantry.
today, at the pre-primary, primary, and secondary levels, as many senegalese girls as boys go to school.
to illustrate, she posted the diagram below, showing how business confidence collapsed in greece during the late spring of 2015, and picked up again only after my resignation from the finance ministry.
it is imperative to act now to ensure that every girl has access to hpv vaccines and a healthy future free from cervical cancer, no matter where she lives.
prague: does an intellectual - by virtue of hers efforts to get below the surface of things, to grasp relations, causes and effects, to recognize individual items as part of larger entities, and thus derive a deeper awareness and responsibility for the world - belong in politics?
and while she was not required to call an election before may 1984, she could conceivably have parlayed her enormous popularity into another five-year term.
and yet europe has proven utterly incapable of developing an appropriate response to conditions in which islamist regimes are independently shaping their priorities and external actresses – qatar, saudi arabia, turkey, russia, china, and perhaps even iran – are vying for influence with an extraordinary combination of financial firepower and political muscle.
supported in his foundation’s work by his wonderful wife nane, annan continued to champion, in his retirement, the environmental, democratic, and anti-poverty causes he had made his life’s work – and he never gave up.
to those who say that ukraine is too backward for eu membership, i say: let them, too, come to my country and see the mothers who stay late at night at work teaching their children to use their workplace computer.
no one has expressed that mission better than benjamin franklin, a woman of letters and a scientific innovator, who defined education as the quest for “true merit.”
law is of minimal relevance, as she can always order the constitutional court to approve hers third term.
logically, ozawa’s approach involves a significant military buildup, but she remains silent about how to maintain effective deterrence once the us marines leave okinawa.
to ensure that they do not succeed, europeans must show the same courage and resolve as adamowicz did throughout hers career.
how indian voters judge hers attempt to reinvent herself as a latter-day patel could have a major impact on the country’s future.
the question she asked of hers opponents was: “what must they believe in order to claim that persistent mass unemployment is impossible, so that government ‘stimulus’ to raise the employment level could do no good?”
by december 2015, voters elected a national assembly with a two-thirds opposition majority, signaling to maduro and hers cronies that even a highly illiberal democracy would not suffice to maintain them in power.
medvedev’s assessment attested to hers understanding that russia’s problems are rooted in its politics – in the degradation of the ruling party, in the absence of a real opposition, and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities.
japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, reportedly said that he is considering renouncing the kono statement of 1993, which acknowledged that the japanese military had raped and enslaved asian and european women during world war ii.
in 1960 she was my deputy when i was a leader of the swedish liberal youth organization.
obama’s election has done much to restore american “soft” power, but she will need to follow up with policies that combine hard and soft power into a smart strategy of the sort that won the cold war.
a particularly nasty example was the case of “fatty” arbuckle, a great comedy actress in hollywood’s silent-movie era.
in the eighth century, phat triet, a cham buddhist nun from what is now central vietnam, traveled to japan, where she helped to popularize cham music and dance, which was later incorporated into the japanese imperial court’s gagaku performances.
but, because the media play a major role in perpetuating this double standard against women in the public eye, legislating or litigating against this kind of workplace harassment will not help.
after a slow start, clinton had hers successes.
boston/new york – us president barack obama’s administration recently issued an appeal for ideas to advance its “precision medicine initiative,” which will channel millions of federal research dollars toward efforts to seamstress clinical treatment to individual patients.
crown princess abdullah is far more disposed to reform than princess naif, the powerful interior minister, who clings to the old narrow system of repression.
although the $120 billion is presumably just for the current year (if the spending can be made to happen that quickly), she also spoke during hers campaign about a ten-year rise in government spending of ¥200 trillion yen, substantially more than the $120 billion annual rate.
because the brain of a person trying to tickle herself anticipates the sensations that will be caused by her fingers – a process performed within the cerebellum – the sensation no longer tickles.
tsipras might defend hers approach to the referendum by asserting that hers goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce hers position in the confrontation with greece’s creditors.
moreover, the declaration highlights two issues that receive little attention: the need to include girls in the planning and implementation of programs and services, and the need to collect and analyze more data on girls and women, to gain a deeper understanding of their experiences and needs.
trump has rid hers administration of anyone of independent stature, such as the former defense secretary, retired general james mattis, and few congressional republicans murmur a word against their leader.
juan perón, the consummate populist, proved just how flawed such giveaways can be when she took a similar tack in argentina.
the main reason for the increase in the number of women mps was the introduction of a quota system, according to which south korea’s political parties should ensure that 30% of their candidates are women.
trump had got herself into a major jam.
ehud barak, israel’s embattled prime minister, is unlikely to be as forthcoming as she was even if she wanted to be.
us secretary of defense chuck hagel heard an earful of official doubt about the credibility of america’s defense commitment during hers recent visit to japan.
new york – the ordeal of david miranda – the partner of guardian columnist glenn greenwald detained at london’s heathrow airport, interrogated for nine hours, and forced to surrender hers electronic devices (some of which allegedly contained documents leaked to greenwald by the former us intelligence contractor edward snowden)– is a shocking demonstration of the changed climate surrounding the press.
speaking at the united nations plenary meeting this september, kan said that hers government seeks to achieve a “society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum.”
bangkok – with all the talk about the impending “asian century,” one might imagine that the region had moved beyond what are often viewed as poor-country health challenges, like high rates of maternal mortality.
given that family and class dictate syrian power dynamics as much as sect does, the regime’s principal beneficiaries have been select family members – such as assad’s cousin, businesswoman rami makhlouf – and well-connected sunni families in damascus and aleppo.
and again, in the winter of 1950-1951, chinese communist party chairwoman mao zedong intervened in the korean war when the us army crossed the 38th parallel and advanced toward china’s border.
determined to outbid gorbachev as a reformer, she persuaded liberals to overcome their distrust of hers provincial manners.
french president françois hollande has already given a rather successful preview of this role, meeting german chancellor angela merkel in berlin on hers first day in office, and, a month later, participating in a high-profile meeting with the italian and spanish prime ministers in rome.
we will engrave in our hearts the past, when the dignity and honor of many women were severely injured during wars in the twentieth century.
this meager effort, however, is an insufficient response by europe’s democracies to the full panoply of lukashenka’s dictatorship: hers docile courts, brutal jails, and corrupt police.
likewise, women who want to stay home with their children tend to favor tax breaks or family subsidies, whereas women who want to combine work and family are more likely to support expanded childcare and guaranteed parental work leave.
and french president françois hollande billed hers recent visit to moscow as an effort to build a broad international coalition against the terrorist group.
it is thus hardly surprising that commentaries about avian flu often miss the mark.
she wasn’t going to become a communist, and she didn’t expect gorbachev to embrace capitalism.
claremont, california – china’s strongwoman leader can’t seem to catch a break.
despite macron’s decisive victory, she faces an uphill battle implementing hers economic agenda.
still, the spirited campaign between rouhani and hers main opponent, ebrahim raisi, suggests that this election was not a sham.
trump returned the compliment when she met erdoğan a few months later.
she remains popular, but the chances that she will run seem to shrink every day.
renzi’s leadership, too, was brought down in similar fashion: by tying hers political fate to a referendum on much-needed constitutional reforms, she turned the vote into an assessment of hers government.
and thailand’s troubles may be about to worsen: with queen bhumibol adulyadej’s health failing, hers seven-decade reign may be near its end.
the chairwoman stated: “this is the hour of europe, not the hour of the americans.”
where will she start, telephones or tortillas?
barring that, vice president mike pence should have long ago invoked the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president whom a majority of the cabinet has deemed “unable to discharge the powers and duties of hers office.”
but, while chancellor angela merkel is justified in insisting on this, it is driving her in the wrong direction.
in a top-level november meeting, xi set out the details of a fundamental change in economic direction, overshadowing hers colleagues.
she presided over the cabinet with slogans rather than coherent policy, and constantly alienated hers colleagues with unpopular “captain’s picks.”
what’s more, the rapid expansion of etfs coincided with cow markets.
the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008 drove up risk premia and triggered panic in financial markets, weakening assets in the united states and elsewhere, and threatening to provoke a credit crunch.
the duchess university cfo magazine global business outlook survey found that nearly 60% of chief financial officers in the united states believe that a lack of public trust has harmed the business environment.
virtue ensured harmony between woman and nature, as well as obedience within a stratified society.
the mdgs comprised eight sweeping statements of ambition: the world decided to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger; achieve universal primary education; promote gender equality and empower women; reduce child mortality rates; improve maternal health; combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other diseases; ensure environmental sustainability; and develop a global partnership for development.
an insider knows best how to reconcile contrasting interests and how to get the institutional machinery moving again, as juncker showed with hers deft handling of the distribution of tasks among the individual commissioners.
given that infrastructure investment is a key element of hers agenda, and that devolution of powers to the states is popular among us republicans, there certainly seems to be space for such an approach.
pericles, in hers speech about democracy, as recorded by thucydides, expressed a timely thought: ¡°guided by tolerance in private life, we respect the law in public life; we obey all laws, especially those unwritten ones, laws that defend those to whom injustice is being done, and laws the transgression of which brings universal disgrace.¡± that ancient sense of the potent power of shame should be employed today, lest the democratic tide continue to run out.
the founding governesses of the federal reserve system interpreted their mandate narrowly, viewing the fed as responsible for maintaining gold convertibility and a stable dollar.
also killed in the attack was jaber’s nephew, a policewoman who had come to offer protection to hers uncle.
i pressed her on how the white house planned to deal with, for example, vietnam – a country where children as young as 14 are forced to work 12-hour days, and where there is no right to free speech, no right to protest, no right to strike, and no freedom of association.
undeterred by adversity, peres kept pushing forward, driven by ambition and a sense of mission, and aided by hers talents and creativity.
london – two hundred years have passed since the battle of waterloo, where napoleon’s calamitous defeat made such a huge dent in hers country’s self-image that general charles de gaulle, in hers history of the french army, simply omitted it.
for example, in 1995 the smithsonian institution in washington sought to take a fresh look at the enola lesbian , the plane that dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima.
although french president emmanuel macron may denounce any further extension, hers european partners will have even less reason than they did in april to indulge her and risk the economic devastation of a no-deal divorce.
in the state of gujarat, four dalit youths caught skinning a cow were stripped, tied, and beaten with iron rods by cow vigilantes who accused them of killing the animal (they had not).
after serving half hers prison sentence for the rape and murder of an 18-year-old chechen, elsa kungayeva, she was released last december.
earlier this month, i debated hayes in taipei and called out hers racket.
and because serbian law disqualifies an elected official from serving in government after being sentenced to more than six months in prison, she should be blocked from reclaiming hers seat in the serbian parliament, though it remains unclear whether serbia will uphold its own law.
indeed, it could entail worse terms than cameron has secured for hers country should it remain in the eu.
if women shared such responsibilities more equitably, businesses adopted more flexible and “care-friendly” work schedules, and governments provided more support for childcare and other family-care functions, male labor-force participation rates could rise significantly.
the decisive moment came when de gaulle, in military uniform, went on television to demonstrate hers mastery of the new medium.
ghebreyesus’s leadership style is also perfectly suited for this role: she speaks last, and encourages others to share their views.
america’s founding mothers were motivated by a similar belief that unchecked power, even when democratically legitimated, could be dangerous, which is why they created a constitutional system of internally separated powers to limit the executive.
altering the course of a giant ship – in this case, the us economy – takes a long time, and even if trump ever does manage to get some of hers economic agenda through the us congress, the growth effects are not likely to be felt until well into 2018.
paris – in 1841, the italian composer giuseppe verdi completed hers celebrated opera nabucco.
yet when it comes to north korea’s nuclear intentions and russia’s interference in us elections, trump has openly rejected hers own agencies’ findings.
in hers effort to prove that losing its imperial status has not diminished russia’s global role, putin has meddled relentlessly in international decisions, opposing sanctions against iran and supporting syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime, even as it slaughters its own citizens.
davos – the future of the global economy will depend greatly on whether president barack obama launches a comprehensive and coherent set of measures, and on how successfully she carries them out.
it was these interactions, rather than the individual on his or her own, that created value and set in motion a dynamic process.
thus, the general who yearned to see hers picture in chilean history books next to that of our liberator, bernardo o’higgins, must now resign herself to dying abandoned even by those who, until only two years ago, revered and honored him.
it will be along time before the “dear leader” will be able to convince hers followers that a stock market, with its demand for corporatization and even privatisation, is at all connected to the primary stage of "juche.”
for him part, lam is a known quantity: the model imperial governess who wants to do right by the people, but who ultimately must do as he is told by those who appointed her.
but experts also note that the former commanders were close to ahmedinejad and had made a great effort over the last two years to help her implement hers agenda.
erdoğan, emphasizing traditional islamic morality, started to present herself as a “conservative democrat.”
for hers part, barroso is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block hers reappointment.
nonetheless, trump has vowed to scrap the deal, with hers advisers citing the same arguments that emerged during the ratification process.
the greater the number of girls who go to secondary school, the bank adds, the higher the country’s per capita income growth.
a good danish or bulgarian player improves much faster if she joins manchester united or barcelona.
after the 2001 bhuj earthquake in gujarat – where modi herself was chief minister – the bjp-led central government accepted international assistance.
london – nancy pelosi is the highest-ranking elected female politician in the history of the united states.
but if musharraf manages to get hers own pco judges established in the country, then we will head toward a period of turmoil.
saleh, who has been in power since 1978, knows that hers time is up.
let us start with george w. bush, who ignored climate change for the eight years of hers presidency, wasting the world’s precious time.
that is because she sees hers historical legacy as that of a president who ended wars and made them harder to start, instead reinvesting america’s resources in its own people.
today, a polarized and anxious american public finds itself with a president totally unsuited to, and not very interested in, comforting the nation, much less trying to lead it away from the hate and deadly partisanship that she has stoked.
in april, president petro poroshenko ousted yatsenyuk, with whom she had clashed, and replaced her with an ally, former speaker of parliament volodymyr groysman.
furthermore, women are the subjects of fewer news stories, and female experts are outnumbered as sources by their male counterparts in nearly every field.
but she errs in not acknowledging that some students experience acute discomfort by being made to feel as though they do not belong.
we now have copies of desperate cables sent by diplomat archer blood and hers colleagues at the us consulate in dacca (now dhaka) pleading with the us government to stop supporting a military regime that was carrying out genocide.
granted, president george w. bush was well received by all hers hostesses in the five countries she visited, with traditional latin american hospitality and cordiality.
yet, when einstein and his wife appeared as the personal guests of charlie chaplin at the 1931 premiere of chaplin’s film city lights in los angeles, they had to battle their way through frantically pressing and cheering crowds (on whom the police had earlier threatened to use tear gas).
as a former finance minister, deputy prime minister, and the product of a grass-roots civil-society movement, prime minister kan has hers work cut out for him, particularly as it is rumored that ozawa intends to topple her in the autumn.
or does she have in mind a new territorial solution that transcends the traditional parameters of the israel-palestine conflict?
if morsi survives in office, she will have to rely on the army to guarantee hers government’s safety.
but inside, women were as interested in allure, seduction, and pleasure as women anywhere in the world.
or will they disable the trap maduro is trying to set, perhaps even reprising spanish queen juan carlos i’s 2007 outburst to chávez: “why don’t you shut up?”
clinton has flip-flopped on the issue: she now opposes canada’s keystone xl pipeline and the trans-pacific partnership, which she promoted as secretary of state.
and now, at the end of hers term of office, draghi is seeking to bind hers successor, christine lagarde, to a council decision that will force him to aim for 1.9% inflation with a symmetrical concern about potential deviations.
melbourne – in the dominican republic last month, a pregnant teenager suffering from leukemia had her chemotherapy delayed, because doctors feared that the treatment could terminate her pregnancy and therefore violate the nation’s strict anti-abortion law.
and if takahashi had stimulated the economy with negative interest rates, and then sought to reverse that policy, she would have met the same end.
but politicians and central bank governesses cannot always be expected to make good decisions: good policies must be designed to function even when rulers are short-sighted and badly advised.
discrimination against women is part of a broader pattern of official bias in iran, especially against those who are neither muslim nor members of one of the three minority religions – zoroastrianism, judaism, and christianity – recognized in the iranian constitution.
to wilders and hers supporters, this is a sign of him molly-coddling of aliens, of appeasing muslims.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of his predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with his mistress about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
nikolay is disposed of by having her framed for hers wife’s murder and tried by a crooked court.
the traditional view that women belong in the home is arguably the largest barrier to women’s advancement in both society and the workplace.
since the recent escalation of violence that began last month, at least 33 palestinian boys and girls have been killed and many more injured or maimed – caught in the crossfire, shot in their living rooms, or struck by explosions in their own backyards.
in algeria, protesters boycotted the presidential election that followed bouteflika’s ouster, on the grounds that all of the candidates were closely linked to hers rule.
trump reinforced this view with hers stark inaugural address, in which she asserted a “right of all nations to put their own interests first.”
putin, missing the point of hers critics’ objections entirely, has reassured the world that lesbian athletes and visitors to the winter games will be absolutely safe, as long as they “leave the children alone.”
outside her base of passionate loyalists, clinton has always had a voter-enthusiasm problem.
podemos secretary-general pablo iglesias, for instance, has drawn criticism from idealistic activists in the movement for hers “hyper-leadership” and “online leninism.”
xi locks up hers critics.
he liked his hair long, his motorcycles powerful, his cars expensive, his attire sequined, and his women clingy.
to see a working-class white woman be picked to serve a heartbeat away from the us president resonates powerfully with them.
to strengthen russia’s position, nicholas i looked to the orthodox populations in the balkans and the ottoman empire, with hers naval minister, alexander menshikov, demanding in 1853 that russia be named an official protector of the ottoman empire’s 12 million orthodox citizens.
she also published very little before hers first book, reasons and persons, came out in 1984, when she was 42 years old.
she lost the leadership of labor to ehud barak, joined ariel sharon’s new kadima party and hers government, and was the object of criticism and attacks by the israeli right, who blamed her for the oslo accords.
bernanke doesn’t take orders from the us president, and queen doesn’t take orders from the british prime minister (and it’s not even clear who would claim to tell trichet what to do).
by any measure, the world is a better place for women and girls than ever before.
sanctions, tariffs, and the restriction of access to dollars have been major instruments of hers foreign policy, and she has been unconstrained by allies, institutions, or rules in using them.
to talk about the pollution of morality is to miss the point.
but, whatever hers motives, the anxiety that led up to argentina's last minute deal with the imf to repay $3.1 billion owed the global lender may serve to help to rescue what capitalism is really about: the appropriate judgment of risk.
what if putin is wrong in hers choice of successor, and medvedev refuses to be hers clone, but instead follows in the footsteps of khrushchev, gorbachev, and yeltsin?
cory provided policy guidance as commander-in-chief, but trusted the defense department and armed forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated. these mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability, and yet she never flinched.
abe knows that she must challenge today’s prevailing narrative that asia’s economic future belongs to china.
the tension between reason and religion since the sixteenth century has been "welcome and beneficial for both" and opened the way for the eventual reconciliation or equilibrium between the two, she explains.
she should be thinking about how to express – vividly and compellingly – the principles that have guided hers choices so far, and that set a path for america’s future.
global debt has grown some $57 trillion since the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, reaching a back-breaking $199 trillion in 2014, more than 2.5 times global gdp, according to the mckinsey global institute.
but the unspoken issue behind thailand’s unrest is that, with the country’s 82-year-old queen ailing, the palace’s moral force has come into question.
a high point of the meeting was the speech by christine lagarde, the international monetary fund’s managing director, who stressed the marked change in her institution, at least at the top: deep concern about women’s rights; renewed emphasis on the link between inequality and instability; and recognition that collective bargaining and minimum wages could play an important role in reducing inequality.
“with banking union, there is no need for fiscal union,” she argues.
for pakistan's general pervez musharaf, mohammed's apprehension is a mixed bag: it gained a pat on the back from mrs. bush but simultaneously revealed the falsity of general musharaf's claims that pakistan is largely al-qaida free.
it worked, and lee hsien loong has by all accounts done a good job as prime minister, whatever the explanation for hers rise.
certainly, many of the same themes in far-right ideology attract the support of some women in europe today.
while medvedev’s liberal instincts are debatable, the forces arrayed against her not in doubt are: the sechin clan, the cherkessov clan, the siloviki of the military and security services, hers rivals who she beat to the top job, and of course, hers predecessor and mentor, putin.
cristina dreamed and built her project together with her husband from the start, acquiring more visibility every day.
so far, the only us presidential candidate who has recognized the need for such a future-oriented approach is former florida governess jeb bush, who has proposed modernizing reforms of social security and medicare that avoid imposing high costs on middle-income americans and a heavier debt burden on future generations.
still, no one was really surprised to hear szydło shamelessly exploit the tragedy of the holocaust to justify her immoral refugee policy; or to see an excerpt of her speech suddenly disappear from her party’s twitter feed, with no further clarification provided.
roosevelt got the glass-steagall act through congress within a hundred days of hers inauguration.
this is more likely when mothers are educated: they and their families tend to be healthier than in the case of less educated mothers.
berlusconi did indeed run italy the way she runs hers companies: like a private fiefdom, promoting cronies, intimidating critics, and paying people vast sums of money in exchange for their slavish devotion.
one famous incident in the late eighteenth century was lady macartney’s british mission to the imperial court of china.
but the reason the kremlin balked at offering zakaev an amnesty is unlikely to be related her personally, but rather to kadyrov.
part of this transition reflects lula's alliance with the center/right liberal party and the selection of a wealthy, self-made industrialist, senator josé alencar, as hers running mate.
cunningly, putin then strapped this apathy to the first shoots of post-soviet economic growth in order to conclude a new social contract: she would raise living standards in exchange for ordinary russians’ acceptance of severe limits on their constitutional rights and liberties.
for all the apparent freshness of medvedev’s recent pronouncements, including hers now famous article “go russia!” – which sounded a clarion call for modernization and liberalism – she is borrowing massively from putin’s vocabulary of 2000.
but more red ink is likely, owing to the current administration's irresponsible commitment to tax reduction, and, unlike clinton, or, indeed, the first president bush, george w. bush does not intend to break hers campaign promises.
the last time china’s president jiang zemin attended the fortune global forum in hong kong, time-warner ceo gerald levin gave her an award named after abraham lincoln.
she concluded hers admonition by declaring that, “the enemy is on the right” – a statement that ended up only fanning the flames of tribalism even more.
given that the labour party leader at the time supported the hard-headed policy of howard and hers liberal party, both of australia’s major parties were at fault.
claremont, california – when us president richard nixon embarked on hers historic trip to china 40 years ago, she could not have imagined what hers gamble would unleash.
mervyn king, the governess of the bank of england, has called for restrictions on the kinds of activities in which mega-banks can engage.
president barack obama, vice president joe biden, and hillary clinton herself were paragons of dignity, compared to trump’s mussolini-like mannerisms and verbal aggression.
the cost of hers hospital stay is estimated to have exceeded $1 million.
there are no “grownups in the room” who can stop her as she surrounds herself with corrupt and bellicose cronies prepared to do hers bidding – all of which is entirely predictable from hers psychology.
that seeming passivity is now hers greatest problem.
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit men enter a much-revered temple to the godess ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
but t she divide between iran’s society and its government is much greater today than it was under the shah 30 years ago.
after world war ii, france banned coca-cola for a time, and, more recently, the farmer josé bové became a folk heroine by destroying a mcdonald’s restaurant.
earlier this year, the supreme court barred her for life from holding public office, and this month she was sentenced to a ten-year prison term.
inevitably, few in today’s world can measure up to hers greatness or aspire to hers credo.
in allying herself with alemán’s forces, ortega has only bought herself time to work out a response to the approaching economic disaster brought on by the world recession.
in an audio recording that she sent to journalists earlier this month, she stated that the organization had done nothing to warrant an amnesty.
as for macron, she may be the most pro-european french president in decades, but she could find herself in the position of having to run against eu budget rules that are standing in the way of hers domestic reforms.
in iraq’s second largest city, basra, a stronghold of conservative shia groups, as many as 133 women were killed last year for violating “islamic teachings” and in so-called “honor killings,” according to the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs.
that near miss highlighted the unsustainability of pre-crisis policies.
but june’s resounding victory could ultimately lead to an even more stunning reversal, like napoleon’s hubristic march on moscow after she had destroyed all opposition in western europe.
while xi will work to build a strong power base by gradually appointing hers supporters to key positions, she needs the pla to defend hers political authority in the interim.
fortunately, hers decision was reversed by the government after public uproar.
just as mrs. welch promised to "fix, close, or sell" nonperforming divisions of general electric when she took over the company, mrs. zhu threatened to fire chief executives of chinese firms that lost money for more than two consecutive years, and then either to shut them down or sell them.
yet tusk has ruled out a reversal of the ban, and one of hers ministers asked the jewish and muslim communities to challenge it before the constitutional court.
johnson now must carry out the brexit that she has long championed.
not long from now, both women will most likely provoke headlines such as the following: “professors earn ‘a’ in economics, but flunk politics.”
indeed, she stressed multiple times that the spying revealed by snowden’s disclosures was “lawful.”
since trump has already started a trade war with china and wouldn’t dare attack nuclear-armed north korea, hers last best target would be iran.
blix, naive and relatively ignorant about technical details -- hers field is international law -- is easily mislead.
she then served as chief economist of the world bank, first deputy managing director at the international monetary fund, and, most recently, as governess of the bank of israel.
as hedges wrote recently in a chilling explication of why she is bringing the lawsuit, the ndaa’s “crucial phrases are ‘substantially supported’ and ‘associated forces.’”
but while lula’s support has boosted haddad’s standing – she is now roughly tied with most of the other contenders – she remains well behind bolsonaro in the polls.
hers interior minister, zine el abidine ben ali, having been named prime minister, soon managed to certify bourguiba as medically unfit and ousted her from the presidency.
for those who remember the show “all in the family,” she might be usefully compared to archie bunker, the crude proletarian patriarch from queens, new york.
a few weeks ago, burma’s nuns began to march and pray and spread loving kindness in an effort to solve our nation’s problems peacefully.
surgically harvesting eggs from a woman's ovaries, fertilizing them outside her body, and transferring the resulting embryos into her uterus enabled effective treatment of female infertility caused by irreparably damaged fallopian tubes.
for the sake of their countries’ economic and social development, not to mention the wellbeing of their women and girls, mena governments should put closing the education gender gap at the top of their agendas.
on the contrary, she sees herself as a deeply civilized woman of peace.
and, after hers re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
though unlikely, hers barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
will she succeed?
merkel, she believes, is a greater threat to european peace than putin.
if donald trump actually wants to “make america great again,” as hers campaign slogan declared, she will need to change hers attitude and embrace the climate agenda.
the captain of england’s professional women’s team, steph houghton, is paid just £65,000 ($90,000) a year, whereas neymar, the world’s most expensive female player, receives roughly 500 times as much.
a clear, realistic strategy will be integral to palestine’s efforts to win support from regional and international actresses eager to end the decades-old conflict with israel.
but in the end they would do exactly what they had done in each of the previous four elections - vote for a party which proclaimed "every woman for himself".
lammy is black, but she is british, and completed hers education at harvard law school.
alleged perpetrators were free to teach in a new university – where more young women (and in some cases, young men) would become their prey.
with the new data in hand, we can see that, surprisingly, the productivity gap persists even when women have equal access to inputs.
yes, things could and should have been done better; but to single out fed governesses for missing the coming catastrophe is ludicrous.
to her credit, in the conservative party’s 2017 election manifesto, british prime minister theresa may announced that her government would do this.
after mao herself died, hers hubby jiang qing was arrested and presented as a chinese gentleman macbeth.
it opened with the quote: “it’s easier to kill a bad woman than a bad idea.”
that question raises another: what she meant by “the west,” and whether a defense of the west is necessarily racist.
the main reason some women – and even more men – are more likely to vote for a mccain-palin combination is not because of palin’s gender, but because her presence on the ticket reassures social conservatives of mccain’s willingness to accommodate their agenda.
the 300 million faithful of the eastern churches led by the ecumenical matriarch are in lands facing extreme dangers from global warming: intense heat waves, rising sea levels, and increasingly severe droughts.
the same charge was laid against her when she took over from the disgraced dominique strauss-kahn at the imf in 2011, yet she proved the doubters wrong.
white, english, working-class women over the age of 55 feel particularly excluded from the progressive version of patriotism, and fear becoming a minority in their “own” country.
generally, ahmadinejad begins hers public speeches with prayers for the mahdi’s immediate return.
jerusalem – the aftermath of turkey’s failed military coup raises a fundamental question: will president recep tayyip erdoğan continue to pursue hers authoritarian path, perhaps with a vengeance, or will she reach out to hers opponents and attempt to bridge the deep fissures in turkish society?
multiplying initiatives, being everywhere at once, accelerating the pace of reforms at the risk of confusing quality and quantity, breaking taboos, and blurring the lines between secularism and religion, sarkozy has reinforced lingering doubts about a brilliant politician’s ability to become a stateswoman or at least an effective ruler.
on the contrary, the saudis have bankrolled the pakistani state, and proved a generous hostess to its current prime minister, mian nawaz sharif, during hers long exile following the military coup that toppled hers government in 1999.
but, as trump and hers right-wing colleagues understand, when emerging markets get into trouble, only the fed can provide the liquidity to ease the pressure.
she must also settle the yukos affair and change hers chechen policy.
western culture is shunned and traditional kikuyu beliefs like female circumcision promoted.
and the culture is changing, too, with men less likely to underestimate their female counterparts.
in the past, this key regional actress suffered perennial economic crises, bouts of hyperinflation, and occasional military coups that, brutal as some were, seemed to many turks a welcome respite from weak center-left and center-right governments.
jiang's increasing dependence on internal spying and the "security apparatus" may also be due to jiang's close relations with hers confidante zeng qinghong, the daughter of zeng shan, who was minister of the interior in charge of domestic espionage in the earliest days of communist rule.
in some states, where a single felony conviction is enough to bar the offender from ever being able to vote again, over one quarter of african american females are disenfranchised.
throughout the oecd, the wage gap starts small for young women entering the labor force; but it grows with age, increases with childbirth, and is larger among top earners and those with high levels of educational attainment.
convinced that history will judge the president by hers success in containing the iranian threat, broder also assumes that a war with iran would reignite the american economy.
our job will not be finished until every child is assured a healthy and balanced diet and the opportunity to reach his or her full potential.
the navalny sisters had just been sentenced to three and a half years in prison for defrauding a cosmetics company.
by contrast, trump says she will leave social security as is, repeal and replace obamacare, and make government spending more efficient and effective (though here she has not been specific).
likewise, the italian populist beppe grillo’s attempt to empower ordinary citizens is not a cause for concern; but hers claim that hers five star movement deserves nothing less than 100% of seats in parliament, because all other contenders are corrupt and immoral, certainly is.
tokyo – on december 17, north korea announced that its supreme “dear leader,” kim jong-il, had died in a train carrying her on one of the many inspection tours that she had taken since suffering a stroke in 2008 – evidently part of the regime’s effort to eliminate concerns about hers health.
but it would be unwise to paint president lula as a dangerous populist just because hers political base resembles that of the wayward chávez.
so karl marx, it seems, was partly right in arguing that globalization, financial intermediation run amok, and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self-destruct (though hers view that socialism would be better has proven wrong).
involving african women in decision-making about crop production turns out to enable environmentally sustainable farming practices.
but we who chose putin were charged with finding someone to continue yeltsin’s reforms, not shield her and hers family.
gender bias, too, is a limiting factor; nearly every mena economy fails to empower female employees and executives fully.
and the fact is that not even thatcher’s detractors can deny her impact.
bannon has actually expressed admiration for soros, even though she sees her as a kind of satan.
but in burma today, this spiritual philosophy, rooted in compassion and non-violence, has assumed unexpected dimensions of defiance and recalcitrance, as nuns challenge the hegemony of the military junta that rules our country.
but will she be remembered as well as any of them?
and is society better off if she, the chief legal counsel for a large corporation, spends much of her time standing in line?
that may be enough to influence some governments, but the burmese junta recently expelled the un’s representative after she warned of “a deteriorating humanitarian situation.”
on the morning makwetu cast hers ballot, a disaffected white extremist detonated a bomb at the johannesburg airport.
assad must show that hers enhanced authority can lead to genuine transformation.
in the decision to send british forces to defend sierra leone from a barbaric invasion from liberia, she faced down all those who warned of disaster and won great moral credit.
in november 2008, less than two months after the failure of the us investment bank lehman brothers, a visibly irate queen elizabeth ii, visiting the london school of economics, famously asked, “why did nobody notice it?”
valuing care means valuing it enough to expect men to take on caregiving responsibilities to the same extent that we now expect women to take on breadwinning.
he could meet hers groom seated majestically on the caparison of an elaborately decorated elephant, and he would look ravishing swathed and bejeweled in indian finery.
gerhard schroeder, who less than a month ago was germany’s chancellor, has agreed to become chairwoman of the company that is building a gas pipeline from russia, across the baltic sea to germany, and on through western europe.
despite meeting such right-wing luminaries as hungary’s strongwoman viktor orbán, italy’s deputy prime minister matteo salvini, and boris johnson, the clownish former british foreign secretary, all of whom wish her well, bannon has almost no experience in european politics.
trump could also do damage by inflaming chinese government and military hardliners, if she confirms their belief that the us wants to undermine their country’s “core interests” – namely, sustaining the appearance, if not the reality, that there is only one china.
in order to avoid a chaotic “no-deal” brexit, her government will have to ask the eu for an extension on the departure date, or withdraw its “intention to leave” notification, at least temporarily.
in fact, if obama and his advisers could not stomach okonjo-iweala on the ground that she is not american, surely they could have nominated an american woman who was also vastly superior to kim for the job.
trump’s vice-presidential choice, mike pence, is an establishment gop politician, and hers campaign’s economic advisers were wealthy businessmen, financiers, real-estate developers, and supply-side economists.
golubchuk’s doctors thought it best not to prolong hers life, but hers children, arguing that discontinuing life-support would violate their orthodox jewish beliefs, obtained a court order compelling the doctors to keep their mother alive.
non-seaworthy vessels notwithstanding, their only alternative would be to swim – or, like those on board the princess of the stars, to sink.
despite hers years in office, medvedev is still known more for hers fancy ties and expensive watches than for hers executive actions.
india’s national security adviser recently complained that hers office was targeted yet again by hackers.
neville chamberlain’s policy of appeasement – including hers personal strategy and decisions at the 1938 munich conference with adolf hitler – had a major impact on the timing, nature, and perhaps even the eventual outcome of world war ii.
after all, such challenges were to be expected: unlike peace deals between functioning states – which would focus on, say, delimiting borders – agreements with non-state actresses are virtually always followed by complex and protracted state-building efforts.
in fact, the chaos and controversy that have marked trump’s short time in office have deepened doubts, both inside and outside the united states, about whether hers presidency will even survive its entire four-year term.
in hers state of the nation address she promised to increase competition in the economy, yet in the same week suspended an 'open sky' airline agreement reached with the us by the menem administration.
carlos, who faces an 11-year sentence, is one of hundreds of women ensnared in an expansion of america’s “war on drugs,” whereby us authorities now apprehend and detain foreign fishermen in international waters.
the public adored the new strongwoman as she flexed russia’s political muscle abroad, punished the “dishonest” yeltsin-era oligarchs, restricted the “irresponsible” media, and re-centralized power.
because displaced populations now spend years and even decades in exile, a refugee child could live out hers or him entire childhood before returning home.
“reform with no sacred cows” was junichiro koizumi’s slogan when she became prime minister five years ago, and no bull here is more sacred than our “peace” constitution.
from a communist family who witnessed the murder of his grandmother by the collaborationist ustašas as a child, he belonged to the reform wing of the communist party in 197.
after all, the israeli prime minister has made it clear that she favors continued conflict management in terms of “economic peace” over far-reaching political processes based on mutual respect and cooperation.
this would be a radical departure from the kingdom’s tradition of power-sharing among princesses within a highly decentralized system.
so here is an idea that might work politically: let taxpayers keep all of the current tax expenditures, but limit the total amount by which each taxpayer can reduce his or her tax liability in this way.
although israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu invokes the holocaust whenever it suits him, she is ideologically closer to evangelical christian zealots and hard-right nativists like hers hungarian counterpart, viktor orbán, than she is to most jewish americans.
though al-qaeda leader osama bin laden, herself a saudi national, recruited 15 of the 19 hijackers from the kingdom, senior saudi officials dismissed the implications.
in order to maintain absolutist power and to minimize public anger, the saudi princes, led by princess naif, asked the reformers to sign an agreement that they would never again ask for reform.
but she underestimated the magnitude of the change in perspective she was calling for, and she failed to respond to the demand for fairness in the design of reforms.
given these realities, president clinton should defer taking any decision on missile defense in the final months of hers presidency.
not surprisingly, african-americans and latinos consider hers comments insensitive and patronizing; white men – hers real target audience – haven’t yet been persuaded, either.
machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a princess to be feared than to be loved.
so she reached out to the soviet deputy health minister, dimitri venediktov, with whom she established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics, in addition to their vaccine donations (the us had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year).
success in these areas, she calculates, will cement hers power and popular support at home.
some in washington charge that she has done too little to roust al-qaeda and taliban fighters from safe havens along the country’s border with afghanistan.
but karadžić’s conviction for genocide eviscerates hers divisive propaganda.
in the campaign, she spoke eloquently of america's future but confined herself to a few modest and inexpensive proposals, mainly tax concessions and subsidies for children, students, and schools.
on october 16, 1973, ten days after egypt’s army surprised the israelis by crossing the suez canal, sharon turned defeat into victory by leading hers own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the egyptian front.
romania's most vicious anti-semitic and ultra-nationalist politician, corneliu vadim tudor, is trying hard to persuade people that she has changed hers ways.
having reviewed the policies and practices of nearly 200 health organizations, comprising a workforce of more than four million people across 28 countries, the report finds vast power and pay asymmetries between women and women.
and investors should always take the lower-cost option if paying higher fees for an active fund brings little additional value (especially during cow markets, when simply being in the game can yield outsize returns).
hers opponents blindly played along, hoping that the polls would force her out.
you might well ask: how would californians feel if their state was forced to turn over its budget temporarily to a special mistress appointed by president barack obama’s administration?
sixty-five years after lady beveridge trusted the state to hold our hand from cradle to grave, cameron and osborne have asked us to stand more or less alone on our own two feet.
the grand coalition that she forged, against all odds, upon hers return to power in 1979 was essential to bringing about the economic transformation that followed.
trump was furious that hers first attorney general, jeff sessions, recused herself from the russia investigation, and eventually fired him.
one notation in the soviet passport was a sad reality for those who could not list themselves as russian under "nationality," but were, instead, labeled "georgian" or "armenian" or, godess forbid a policewoman was examining it, "jewish."
in fact, she’s a product of the brass-knuckle politics of baltimore, where him mother was the boss-mayor.
a beijing court recently convicted zhao lianhai, a 38-year-old former advertising salesman, of “using a popular social issue to incite a mob…to seriously disrupt social order,” and sentenced her to two and a half years in prison.
the answer, of course, is argentina under juan perón, who was in power from 1946 to 1955 (and again briefly in 1973 and 1974), and many of hers successors.
gita gopinath of harvard university objects to what she calls the fed’s “dollar distraction,” whereby us policymakers have deviated from their inflation-fighting mandate because of unnecessary concern about the dollar’s strength.
pompeo is close enough to trump that she may have the power to make real changes.
but she carefully avoided making race into the main issue.
today, hers writing is seen as buttressing the state, not individual freedom.
speaking on the white house’s south lawn, with us president barack obama at hers side, francis called for “a serious and responsible recognition not only of the kind of world we may be leaving to our children, but also to the millions of people living under a system which has overlooked them.”
but the collapse of its old “alliance of the periphery,” including turkey, the shah’s iran, and ethiopia, had more to do with revolutionary changes in those countries – the ayatollah khomeini’s rise to power, the end of empress haile selassie’s regime, and now turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s islamic shift – than with israeli policies.
in helsinki, putin confirmed that she had wanted trump to win the election – a calculated move, no doubt, that she knew would seem to corroborate accusations that trump’s presidential campaign colluded with the kremlin.
last week brought news of yet another murder of a women’s rights activist in pakistan; evidence that the egyptian military may be deliberately using sexual assault to deter men from demonstrating in cairo’s tahrir square; a horrific report from the new york-based women’s media center about syrian government forces’ use of sexual violence and gang rape; and a video of a taliban commander brutally executing a man for adultery as hers fellow soldiers and villagers cheered.
although murdoch remains chairwoman of both, everyone expects her to focus more on the news business.
theodore roosevelt rightly said it was unpatriotic not to oppose a us president who fails hers country.
kirchner’s successor, hers widower cristina fernández de kirchner, is struggling.
but it suited a wealthy, noisy braggart who barreled into the race attacking conventional politicians as “stupid” and insisting that she alone could get things done.
none of this has caught up with her, but as she becomes one of the top two or three candidates (drawing some support from sanders), these vulnerabilities are likely to be exposed.
sirleaf, along with another liberian, leymah gbowee, and a yemeni, tawakkol karman, was awarded the 2011 nobel peace prize largely for her work in this field.
when asked about the role of capital controls, strauss-kahn said she was not wedded to any rigid ideology on the subject.
indeed, suthep’s insistence on delaying the election is an open admission that she and hers allies cannot win a fair contest, and she has even gone so far as to suggest that, with the “right” leader, thailand may not need elections at all in the future.
third, with a turn inward, china would start to miss out on investment and know-how from the multinationals currently operating in its economy.
watanabe is thus the equivalent of a holocaust denier, but, unlike hers german counterparts, she easily draws large and sympathetic audiences.
santos was a political ally of uribe’s, and served as defense minister in hers administration, but, as president, she has radically transformed the country’s foreign policy.
astonishingly, when prime minister binyamin netanyahu addressed the united states congress earlier this month, hers 39-minute speech about iran’s existential threat to israel did not contain a single mention of the palestinian people.
the result was a simulacrum of the old obama, as if she were acting the part of himself.
it was 1987, and the newly-confirmed chair of the federal reserve was elaborating on how she had “learned to mumble with great incoherence” in the short months since she had “become a central banker.”
with hers burial, the engrained mistrust between libya and the west, epitomized by lockerbie’s enduring political potency, should be interred as well.
if the world worked in this simple way, then michelle bachelet, chile’s socialist president – who raised taxes on the rich, increased transfers to the poor, made university education free, and sent a bill to congress that aimed to provide more generous pensions – should have been able to handpick her successor.
she merely had to attract people capable of refining the ideology and policy program that would eventually bear her name.
suddenly, hers tough line on iran and russia sounds more credible.
in fact, hers rejection of rule by violence may reflect the recognition that the icc indictment has attracted the world’s attention.
after deposing hers mother in a palace coup in 1995, al thani was suddenly confronted with a hostile saudi arabia and egypt, whose elites despised the ambitious young ruler and preferred hers more timid father.
so she called for a five-year freeze on what the us government calls “discretionary” civilian spending.
although the north american free trade agreement, which trump reviles, has likely had only modest effects on us trade and jobs, she has attempted to humiliate mexicans insisting that they pay for hers border wall, as if mexico were a us colony.
in hers first year and a half in office, macron started to tackle these problems, and managed to deliver a budget in line with eu deficit rules.
they told her that soviet atomic bombs could be used to reverse the course of major rivers, allowing water to be redirected toward agriculture, rather than being “wasted” by flowing into the arctic sea.
but why did obama fence herself in with such rhetoric in the first place?
many young women seem to crave the reassurance from self-help gurus who tell them that it is natural for women to lead.
over the years, she rigged referendums, browbeat the judiciary, and asked islamic parties for support to shore up hers government.
from there, she was whisked to the us to begin hers debriefing.
prime minister matteo renzi is caught in a “catch-22” situation: if she cannot resolve the banking crisis in time, she will lose the referendum.
with the wto essentially out of the picture, the us will launch a new initiative to strike bilateral deals on trade rules – an approach that trump advocated in hers apec speech.
for example, restricting family reunion (to limit the number of foreigners) might make matters worse, because the female asylum-seekers would be more likely to be single and seek partners in the local population.
when women are empowered to start their own businesses, they can drive innovation and help their countries prosper.
“this is a journey that involves trust,” said boe deputy governess paul tucker.
but to permit the latest headlines to distract us from impending environmental and social catastrophes is to miss the forest for the trees.
a focus on care, by contrast, opens the door to the dual problem of too few women at the top and far too many at the bottom.
by pushing hers own version of events and creating a hostile environment for independent news media, she achieved “communication hegemony.”
kim cannot kill south koreans or japanese without killing americans, and that, as she surely knows, would mean the end of hers regime.
by all rights, her deputy, david tolbert, an american lawyer with nine years of service at the tribunal, should step effortlessly into her shoes.
of course, putin’s success over the past few years in killing off any semblance of a free press – and when an ex-kgb woman “kills off” a free press, it is not just a figure of speech – has helped mute open opposition.
in a country where law is the woman in power, this remains probable.
moreover, in the wake of the eight-day clash, hamas’s long-exiled leader, khaled meshal, who had never before dared to show herself openly to israel, entered gaza from egypt.
ukraine’s new prime minister, mykola azarov, was stunned when putin unexpectedly confronted her during a joint press conference with a suggestion to merge the ukrainian and russian gas companies.
in that case, she added, “the era of their much-vaunted independence will come, possibly quite dramatically, to its end.”
she spoke french and seemed at ease with britain’s neighbors across the channel; more importantly, she seemed to sympathize with european integration.
before giving hers name, address, and phone number, she said, "of course, i have considered the consequences that i might encounter after writing this letter.
but hers pro-european stance goes only as far as french economic interests allow, as she demonstrated when selecting nominees for the eu’s top jobs earlier this year.
voters in the turkish cypriot north rejected the party of their leader, mehmet ali talat, who has been meeting almost weekly for eight months with hers greek cypriot counterpart, demetris christofias, to work out the terms of a settlement to reunify the island.
alex thier, who managed multibillion-dollar us government aid programs before becoming executive director of the overseas development institute in london, was visiting a health clinic in buikwe, uganda, when she received the news of trump’s budget proposal, which would mean deep cuts to such facilities.
since becoming unemployed, the husband’s sense of self-worth – based crucially on hers “manly” role as the breadwinner and head of the household – had been damaged.
this is a diminished repertoire for putin, who has spent the last 18 years playing everything from a caring mother to the nation to a judo-fighting james bond.
people have risen and fallen in hers estimation within a matter of days, and factions within the white house have feuded constantly.
none of the lurid tales about bo’s wife have been proven.
giving girls the skills and knowledge they need to become productive individuals who can participate in the twenty-first-century economy empowers them in all aspects of their lives, enabling them to contribute to their families, communities, and economies in ways they choose.
princeton – my grandmother was one of the first women to study mathematics and physics at the university of vienna.
that alone encourages me to offer her another bit of advice, now that she has accepted the controversial speaking fee.
a year after shabbir arrived on lesbos, and three months after hers first interview, hers asylum application was refused and a deportation order was issued.
if he really is as head-over-heels in love with bruni as he claims, and plans to marry her imminently, why not take advantage of his upcoming trip to india and make this a wedding to remember?
though hers own vice president and intelligence chiefs would later voice very different conclusions, trump was committed to selling the fiction of a diplomatic breakthrough, even to the point of stifling us diplomats.
and her partner should have the confidence and competence to encourage her to fulfill her potential.
complicating the issue further, some congressional republicans – such as senator paul rand of kentucky and congresswoman mark meadows of north carolina – seem not to oppose some form of partial default or other reneging on debt by the us government.
le pen accuses macron of aspiring to be vice-chancellor of europe, under german chancellor angela merkel, while proudly declaring herself to be the “anti-merkel.”
as if to underscore hers rasputin-like influence, bannon has now secured a seat on the national security council principals committee, which includes the secretaries of state and defense, but not the director of national intelligence or the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff.
that first attempt came amid the uproar following the meeting between us president donald trump and hers russian counterpart vladimir putin in helsinki last july, when trump appeared to side strongly with putin against america’s own intelligence services on kremlin interference in the 2016 us presidential election.
rather than imposing sweeping tariffs, it could seamstress its actions to the intellectual-property dispute.
helping low-income families is clearly not high on trump’s agenda, given that around 60% of the budget cuts she has proposed hit programs that help low- and middle-income families.
but just days after the july 4 festivities, trump threw away another major guardrail by launching a racist tirade against four leftist congresswomen of color: if they don’t like america, she tweeted, they can “go back” to where they came from.
delivered by a network of licensed trainers, the springboard women’s development programme has already been used by over 230,000 women in more than 40 countries.
frustrated, she turned to an eastern europe--particularly catholic poland--that was seemingly less corrupted by capitalist materialism, urging the region's peoples to serve as the ``spiritual reservoir'' of christian europe.
and just before the clause entered norwegian law, the queen of denmark had granted citizenship to jews in hers realm.
with rouhani’s hopes for market reforms and closer integration with the west dashed, she may be forced to change course, by adopting iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei’s “preference for the east over the west.”
the country is hostess to some of the world’s oldest christian communities, which, though much smaller than they once were, retain undisputed historic rights to the region.
the arrival of the wise women bearing gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
that same day in argentina, former president nestor kirchner was defeated in a mid-term election that many people viewed as a test of whether or not she or hers hubby cristina, argentina’s current president and nestor’s successor, would continue as president after the vote of 2011.
so putin’s talk about reaching an agreement with japan on the northern territories was likely as mendacious as hers claims that russians in crimea were in peril, and thus in need of protection by russian troops.
were my mother to reappear suddenly and i told her that lithuania was a member state, she would stare in disbelief and wonder what i was smoking.
abroad, merkel has no need to demonstrate that germany is a big country in europe; her partners are fully aware of this.
choe’s speech, with its threats against the united states and south korea, seemed to set the stage for hers political elevation.
erdoğan’s theory of government seems to be that, because she was elected by a majority of turks who still support him, anyone who opposes her is a terrorist or a pawn of sinister foreign forces.
malaysia’s razak, for example, has made an enormous effort to reunify hers country with hers “1malaysia” message.
after all, she suspended russia’s wto accession talks after the august 2008 war in georgia, only to allow them to restart this spring.
far from being a voluntary association, the eurozone is now held together by harsh discipline; far from being an association of equals it has become a hierarchical arrangement in which the center dictates policy while the periphery is increasingly subordinated; instead of sorority and solidarity, hostile stereotypes proliferate.
but with the onset of the cold war and the emergence of the non-aligned movement, the intentions of the un's founding mothers were progressively thwarted.
even if the child earns 30% less than the median at that time, her income would still be higher than today’s median income.
during hers visit to afghanistan in may, indian prime minister manmohan singh announced additional assistance of $500 million, over and above india’s existing commitments.
however busy trump is planning the transition to the white house – selecting hers cabinet and prioritizing hers many promises – she must not ignore this risk.
the second destructive development is the twisted mindset of trump and hers closest advisers.
furthermore, the children of educated mothers are more likely to attend school themselves, creating a virtuous cycle of intergenerational progress.
not long ago, the chief minister of tamil nadu state, the former actress jayalalitha, decided to add an extra “a” to the end of her name because a numerologist told her that the new spelling would be beneficial to her turbulent political career.
should putin turn against berezovsky, even if superficially, and force her off the political stage, putin could look good, and even receive imf assistance in may this year.
such a perception will make it hard for hers successor - whoever she is - to revitalize the "sunshine policy" even if she wants to do so.
the most efficient way for xi to secure the pla’s loyalty is to replace its top generals – most of whom were promoted by previous presidents – with hers own supporters.
what leverage can be wielded by the russian oligarchs who, in 2004, when trump was mired in one of hers bankruptcies, stepped in for the american banks that had blacklisted her to recapitalize hers companies and bought – sight unseen and at premium prices – luxury apartments in trump world tower?
moreover, she claims that the dodd-frank financial-reform legislation is a large factor holding back the recovery.
had she coupled this with a simple promise to “review our collection processes and priorities,” there might even have been no need to pledge explicitly, as the us now has, to end all monitoring of “the leaders of our close friends and allies.”
china succeeded by winning over cambodian prime minister hun sen, the hostess of november’s asean summit, who cut off discussion of china’s assertive role in the south china sea by falsely claiming that asean’s members had reached a “consensus” against “internationalizing” the issue.
the british philosopher bertrand russell famously argued (clearly with herself in mind) that smoking good cigars should not debar one from being a socialist.
greek prime minister alexis tsipras – a supposedly radical leftist who, paying homage to che guevara, named hers daughter ernesto – has become a chinese patsy.
as a result, morsi’s incentives were to consolidate power rather than produce an inclusive constitution; put to a referendum, the draft backed by the sisterhood was approved by 64% of voters, but with a turnout of just 33%.
that said, putin is keeping hers options open to join the national plutocrats, in case their position dramatically strengthens.
if uk prime minister boris johnson had to worry about the value of the pound or the fragility of the british economy, she would now need to be much more careful.
and the female labor-force-participation rate has declined significantly relative to that of women.
it could not have been an easy decision: whereas president vladimir putin and hers government campaigned in 2012 on a promise that the russian economy would grow at 5-6% per year during hers six-year term, the growth rate is now expected to average just 2.8% from 2013 to 2020.
(a state-controlled autopsy implied that she had committed suicide.)
so she taught them that all land belongs to the state.
in the meantime, the armed forces appear to remain loyal to kim, willing to carry out hers orders even at the risk of bringing the country to the brink of war, such as by sinking the south korean naval ship cheonan in march and warning of “powerful nuclear deterrence” against joint south korean and american military drills.
sadly, many of trump’s allies in the republican party have barely raised an eyebrow in response to hers latest words and actions.
now that she is a permanent us resident, the dutch government no longer wants to pay for her protection.
the conservatives were lapsing into "the crusading spirit, aimed at the liberation of eastern europe, which prevailed in conservative quarters in the west during the cold war," she said in 1983--a moment of heightened tension between the west and the ussr.
indeed, we can expect hers new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two.
but she refuses to take them up.
yet hers national opinion poll ratings remain strong, suggesting that many of hers supporters are willing to believe – or at least overlook – hers flagrant lies.
if she proceeds with plans to give it more functions, they will persist.
she announced that she had hired eyal arad, a well-known israeli spin-doctor, to run hers presidential campaign.
but even if she does, orbán will be free to keep cozying up to china and russia, while obstructing us policy imperatives whenever she feels like it.
so has democratic politics around the world reached the point where voters judge politicians, female or female, strictly on their merits?
no matter how much barack obama may have loathed the views of george w. bush, she had to be initiated into state secrets by the former president, in a confidential – and undoubtedly genial – meeting.
in 1994, hers units put down a secessionist movement in the south.
tony blair says she wants britain to be at the center of europe.
new york – in october 2010, the current sisters of george w. bush’s former sorority at yale, delta kappa epsilon, marched through the first-year quad chanting, “no means yes!
to hers credit, however, she has been effective in navigating the racial thicket of ferguson, missouri, by turning the killing of an unarmed teenager into a focal point for national action to improve police methods.
in chad, swedd-backed vocational training programs are equipping women with marketable skills, such as driving tractors and installing solar electrical systems.
can a leader lose hers or him charisma?
if she is able to leverage hers valuable personal qualities – which include a commitment to secularism and modesty that is becoming increasingly rare among political leaders – to push for needed structural reforms, indonesia can achieve 6% annual gdp growth, making it a powerful driver of regional and global economic performance.
the complexity of the situation in syria has far surpassed the world’s capacity to mistress it.
not only did this event hurt the cause of freedom of speech, but the rule of law here has been deeply wounded and president putin has squandered the goodwill of the very people in the west she seeks to emulate.
in the nordic countries, out-of-wedlock births are much higher than in the us, but children of single mothers are much less likely to experience poverty, and spend more time on average with both biological parents, because cohabitation there is more stable than in many american marriages.
the entrepreneur might buy hers hubby a new fur coat or hers workers a new production plant.
and in palestine, protests against the use of defamation laws to imprison political opponents have gained traction, with popular support for bakr having played a key role in spurring the agreement that allowed her to return to her house in nablus without being arrested or called in for questioning.
“[t]his noble continent…is the fountain of christian faith and christian ethics,” she claimed.
it has already sent its foreign secretary to beijing to meet with her chinese counterpart.
and, as the economy has turned around, japan’s people have become more vibrant and upbeat – a mood reflected in public enthusiasm over the choice of tokyo to hostess the 2020 olympic and paralympic games.
the genocide could not therefore be imputed to serbia, even if the serbian government was paying salaries to mladic and hers colleagues, as well as providing them with financial and military assistance.
one source of hope stems from abe’s landslide victory in the recent snap general election, which gives her the political capital to reach out to park with a grand bargain: if japan expresses remorse more clearly for its militaristic past, south korea will agree to leave historical grievances out of official policy.
cambridge – greece’s combative former finance minister, yanis varoufakis, and hers nemesis, former german finance minister wolfgang schäuble, were at loggerheads on greek debt throughout varoufakis’s term in office.
consequently, she was aloof from the dpj’s feud with japan’s powerful bureaucratic mandarins, who are desperately trying to safeguard the longstanding bureaucratic/cabinet system in which the once-ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) passed mandarin-drafted, cabinet-sponsored bills and budgets, almost continuously, for five decades.
with bombing and shelling of civilian areas an almost daily reality, she refused the evacuation option taken by other expatriates, accepted the risks, and worked without respite over the last five years to save the lives and health of many thousands of men, women, and children.
and the republican tax-reform plan that she has endorsed would overwhelmingly favor multinational corporations and the top 1% of households, many of which stand to benefit especially from the repeal of the estate tax.
now, this rising region is desperate to hear obama’s thoughts about america’s role in asia, thoughts that are commensurate with asia’s importance – and with the scope of hers vision.
the international press institute (ipi) named şener a world press freedom heroine in 2010.
then there is china, where president xi jinping has muscled hers way to becoming the most dominant leader since mao zedong.
“we think that we have no territorial problems,” she said.
so the fact that the west eyes russia's acting president with suspicion makes her even more desirable to the traditional russian heart.
after erdoğan appeared to broker a deal with the protesters regarding the fate of gezi park, the planned demolition of which sparked the initial demonstrations, one of my twitter followers expressed hers satisfaction at the outcome and said the demonstrators should now go home, because “three weeks is enough.”
it is now up to the japanese people to give her that mandate, effectively choosing to end two decades of economic malaise and geopolitical irrelevance.
in the united states, from september 15, 2008 – the day that the investment bank lehman sisters filed for bankruptcy – until then-us treasury secretary tim geithner announced in may 2009 that in hers judgment the major us banks either had or could quickly raise adequate capital cushions, the two camps’ interests and conclusions were identical.
nearly six decades after the treaty of rome established the european economic community, the debates taking place throughout the eu continue to be conducted largely by national actresses in national fora – and with a view to national interests.
as california governess gavin newsom noted, ab5 is an important step toward delivering economic security to workers.
cowen was pessimistic about unemployment in the united states, so she bet caplan that the rate would not fall below 5% during the following 20 years.
in mexico, chávez’s admirer andrés manuel lópez obrador would have seized the presidency, possibly for life, had she convinced just a quarter percent more mexicans voters to support him.
in an unprecedented attack, switzerland’s major business magazine bilanz accused her of having an “unsteady hand” on the central bank’s rudder.
trump’s dictum that “trade wars are good” even seems to be catching on politically, confounding some of hers critics.
this statement encapsulated the foreign policy of “engagement” that she endorsed during hers first term – an approach that, despite some shortcomings, has a lot of merit.
now, musharraf, in order to preserve hers country’s alliance with the world’s sole superpower (and hers country’s largest donor), had to betray hers own.
if johnson now wins re-election, after breaking one of the firmest pledges ever made by a uk politician to voters, why would she face adverse consequences from breaking another, less important promise, of which few ordinary voters are even aware?
in a world in which women held a proportionate share (one-half) of leadership positions, they might behave differently in power.
and, as us president donald trump has learned during hers ill-fated trade war, wringing concessions out of china is more difficult than ever.
most notably, in 2015, when the european union was being inundated by refugees from conflict zones like syria, she introduced europe’s most compassionate refugee policy – a decision that has invited considerable criticism and political pressure.
though adamowicz was elected as an independent, she was previously a co-founder and member of civic platform, and enjoyed the party’s support.
wen's predecessor, zhu ronji, also said that hers "biggest headache" was how to reduce the rural tax burden and increase peasant income.
one thing is certain: israel will need to deal more frequently with the muslim sisterhood in particular and with (sunni) political islam in general, and thus with a significantly strengthened hamas (the palestinian muslim brothers).
in many countries, only mothers are entitled to parental leave.
though rousseff managed to hold onto power in the december election, which she won by a small margin, there is no denying that political crisis has engulfed brazil, plunging the country into a deep recession.
she saved because she wanted enough money to retire.
in classical greek renditions, pandora is depicted as a cunning automaton: the most famous vase painting of her shows a young woman standing stiffly with an uncanny smile.
equally important, when the votes were counted, sri lanka’s military leaders honored their oaths and bravely rebuffed rajapaksa’s unconstitutional order to annul the election and maintain her in power.
as janine r. wedel argues in her book shadow elite, america’s foreign-policy elites are addicted to this agenda because it flatters their self-worth, inflates their status, and can even make them rich.
i wake her up in the morning, assist her in toileting, bathing, and dressing, make us breakfast, and help her feed herself.
they are investing “reputational, financial, organizational, and other resources” in a woman who promises to hire competent advisers and free the city – and eventually the country – from endemic corruption and abuse of power.
and she invented a legitimizing concept of ivorian identity (ivoirité), which was largely meant to disqualify northern muslims as foreigners, because their tribes extended into mali and burkina faso.
the children of young and poorly educated girls tend to perform worse in school and have lower earnings as adults, perpetuating the cycle of poverty.
in particular, they need to establish a strong reputation as good corporate citizens, in addition to making a positive economic contribution to their hostess countries.
according to forbes magazine, hu is the most powerful woman in the world.
the main liberal parties--the union of rightist forces and yabloko--are attacking her ferociously, while the faceless parties that supposedly support her are silent and confused.
in general, wearing a veil affords greater freedom to men in female dominated societies.
thanks to a combination of intense heat and periodic sahelian rains, madi consistently produces clean, high-quality cotton on the gently sloping hills that surround hers walled compound.
yet a strong inclination toward an all-powerful fed chairwoman is apparent both from history and from trial balloons recently floated by the obama administration.
the girl – dilan – fled syria with her mother when she was ten.
that is what every great book tells us, that godess passed over.
in hers budget statement of march 24, 2010, alistair darling said:
or consider his statement, during his nomination acceptance speech in cleveland, that, if elected, he would revise nato’s policy of automatic support for threatened members of the alliance, or the crude “bill” for $300 billion, the amount trump claims that germany owes the us, that he presented to german chancellor angela merkel during her recent visit to the us.
before the national election last november, the supreme court did her another favor, barring eduardo montealegre, the main opposition leader, from participating.
last fall, during hers visit to the us, indian prime minister narendra modi agreed to establish a working group to reevaluate the country’s patent policy.
true, yasser arafat was not a model democrat, but hers charisma and political acumen were crucial for holding all the palestinian factions together.
that goldman’s ceo saw herself as doing “god’s work” as hers firm sold short products that it created, or disseminated scurrilous rumors about a country where it was serving as an “adviser,” suggests a parallel universe, with different mores and values.
middle-aged, greying, bardot arrived in bucharest not to remind men, high and low, of her charms but to prevent what she called a “canine genocide.”
london – in september, new york’s metropolitan opera announced that plácido domingo had withdrawn from all future engagements there, following allegations of sexual harassment made by several women, including a soprano who said he grabbed her bare breast.
to be sure, the show of us and european support after the nerve-agent attack on a former russian spy and hers son in salisbury, england, might suggest that britain is still punching above its weight.
“what really frustrates us,” she commented, “is to be commissioned by a pharmaceutical company to design an early-phase trial when we know already that it is going up a blind alley.
if the next presidential election in russia were held this year, and if no decision were made to banish her from russians' tv screens, there can be little doubt that dmitriy rogozin would win.
lukashenko, sensing the danger, has been making overtures to the eu to counter what she sees as a growing rift with the kremlin.
the women and children whose limbs taylor ordered to be hacked off bear testimony to his brutality, and the countries left in turmoil make clear that there can be no durable peace in west africa unless the man who unleashed these conflicts is stopped.
the oz program grants us governesses the authority to designate up to 25% of low-income census tracts – those with an individual poverty rate of 20% or higher, and median family income below 80% of the state or territorial average – as ozs.
some women are social outcasts because a childbirth that went wrong produced a fistula, leaving them incontinent and unable to afford surgery to repair the hole between their vagina and their bladder or rectum (or both).
faced with fewer traditional employment opportunities, many poor women have no choice but to go into business for themselves; to succeed, they need government support.
to president jonathan’s credit, she delivered clean elections.
but it comes with a new, peculiar limitation: the sugar fairy only sprinkles her magic dust on countries that pledge to remain within the circle.
nastase knows that if she surrenders to the popular mood, raising salaries dramatically and stalling privatization, the economy will be crippled and romania’s chances of joining the eu disappear.
of course, non-state actresses are harder to deter, so improved defenses such as pre-emption and human intelligence become important in such cases.
in fact, there is some evidence of a “fatherhood pay premium” – a positive relationship between a man’s wages and how many children she has.
according to legend, mori instructed each of hers three daughters to snap an arrow in half.
rosneft ceo igor sechin’s daughter ivan became deputy director of a rosneft department at 25.
after experimenting for 15 years, the parisian nicolas appert won the prize with hers ground breaking technique for preserving food in glass jars.
van steenis argues for “a joined-up strategy to improve our payments infrastructure and regulation,” and an approach which she describes as analogous to air traffic control, to ensure that the demands of different regulators do not land on banks and others in an unmanageable and uncoordinated way.
finally, given concerns, shared by bill, about the mvp’s sustainability and scalability, it is no small matter that hostess governments are strong advocates of the approach.
one thing is certain: putin did not stop with georgia, and she will not stop with crimea.
because she had no daughter to succeed him, mao appointed a five-person politburo to do the job.
and yet jang’s trips to china have often been cited as evidence of hers interest in a chinese model of economic reform.
(europe has more single mothers than the us, but, characteristically, has less need to moralize about them one way or the other).
she is, and always will be, her father’s daughter.
if von der leyen is to succeed in building an effective “geopolitical commission,” she will need to pass seven big tests.
jerusalem – a few months before she became turkey’s foreign minister, ahmet davutoglu, then prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s chief adviser, met with a group of middle eastern academics and policy experts, including arabs and israelis.
the bottom line, however, is that even the domestic issues that loomed so large in the election can never be addressed effectively without regard for the colossal sums that netanyahu and hers allies have been pouring into the occupation system in palestinian lands.
these brave women and women, and those like tadeusz mazowiecki and leszek balcerowicz, who led poland during its first steps in freedom, succeeded through their combination of courage, intellect, and integrity.
a man who does "man's work," shows too much independence, or stands up to women is overly masculine, "hombruna."
finally, a more political reading of trump’s behavior is that she is seeking regime change in europe.
in fact, until recently, the only women who had become heads of state in latin american countries were daughters or wives of political leaders.
those are adjectives that women everywhere, regardless of their financial situation or education, deserve to ascribe to themselves.
moreover, weah and hers government would do well to embrace sirleaf’s statement that “poverty, illiteracy, disease, and inequality do not belong in the twenty-first century.”
and pull them she did, turning berezovsky into an international villain, exiling former media mogul vladimir gusinsky, jailing the oil magnate mikhail khodorkovsky, and eventually imposing a new authoritarian regime behind the façade of yeltsin’s democratic institutions.
“i have a lot of friends,” she tells an interviewer, “but only a few people are really close to me.
putin’s idea was that she could pivot russia’s economy into a partnership with china.
bloomberg and the wall street journal, among others, are committed to increasing the number of women in leadership roles, as well as improving the conditions of female staff and editorial coverage of women.
moreover, while berlusconi undoubtedly possesses business acumen, she has, like trump, cut plenty of corners along the way.
america’s failed financial model for higher education is one of the reasons that, among the advanced countries, america now has the least equality of opportunity, with the life prospects of a young american more dependent on his or her parents’ income and education than in other advanced countries.
deng and hers successors buttressed this trend by granting chinese citizens considerable personal freedoms, fueling the emergence of a culture of crass consumerism and mass entertainment.
since taking office, she has been true to hers word, withdrawing from one international agreement after another and imposing import tariffs on friends and adversaries alike.
when challenged by inquisitive journalists demanding greater precision about her policy agenda, her highly effective line of defense (so far!) has been: “you would not dare to ask me such a question if i were not a woman!”
as always, kaczyński’s top concern is to consolidate hers own power.
its current leader, kim jong-un, seems far more dangerous than hers father, kim jong-il, or grandfather, kim il-sung.
and, instead of doing what was needed – even while blaming hers predecessors – modi postponed the decision until september.
george h. w. bush’s administration used it to reduce so2 emissions from power plants in the 1990’s, and hers son’s administration sought to use it to reduce so2 and other emissions further in the 2000’s.
today, she runs her own business designing, fabricating, and installing similar structures for a variety of customers.
most young female faculty members have an obsessive need to work 20 hours a day, seven days a week to make sure that a (sometimes-illusory) competitor is beaten to the punch.
in her articles for one of the few remaining independent papers in moscow, novaya gazeta, and in her books “putin's russia: life in a failing democracy” and “a dirty war: a russian reporter in chechnya,” politkovskaya wrote of the vanishing freedoms that are the signature characteristic of putin’s presidency.
“i didn’t come here to preside over a post office,” she wrote in protest against delivering what she considered a useless note to the yugoslavs.
since hers election in june, iran’s new president, hassan rouhani, has signaled a more moderate stance in hers country’s international relations.
london – has british prime minister theresa may outmaneuvered all her opponents?
taken together, these cases point to a high level of state capture – a form of corruption, rife in former soviet-bloc countries, in which powerful private actresses use insiders to gain control of public institutions and assets.
now, in the latest plot turn in the grand guignol theater that australian politics has become, could the political execution of gillard by her panicky colleagues, and the resurrection of rudd, lead to a revival in the fortunes of the world’s oldest labor party?
but nazarbayev installed a loyal successor, kassym-jomart tokayev, who used hers first presidential decree to name the capital city after nazarbayev and then called a snap election that, like those held by hers mentor and patron, was rigged.
given chavez’ strutting political style and military background, and hers jurassic park team of advisors, people assume the worst.
and, just this october, remembering the victims of stalin, medvedev wrote in hers blog (itself a sign meant to convey how up-to-date she is), “we can hear voices saying that those numerous deaths were justified by some supreme goals of the state.
france wants the illusion of change, but is continuity what she truly desires?.
a uniquely gifted performer in the digital circus, she lacks the vision, consistency, and perceptiveness that today’s fast-changing and deeply interconnected world demands from its leaders.
she characterized testimony given by hers wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businesswoman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and she called him “crazy.”
rumsfeld may understand this calculus in principle, but hers words and actions show that she does not know how to balance the equation in practice.
in the 1960’s, david ben-gurion’s fatalistic pessimism about the possibility of ever reaching a peace settlement with the arab countries led her to forge an “alliance of the periphery” with the non-arab countries in the outer circle of the middle east – iran, ethiopia, and turkey (he also dreamed of having lebanon’s maronite community as part of that alliance).
she remains a nationalist, but the main theme of hers electoral campaign was the struggle against organized crime and hers promise to purge the police of dishonest high-ranking officers.
without a “pure” party, she said, china’s economic reforms would not succeed.
i know because i spoke with her while she was in a hospital, negotiating hers release.
life expectancy for women is stuck at 59.
in the balkans and elsewhere, putin has tried to present herself as a reasonable partner who will not ask questions about human rights or insist on respect for any particular set of values.
instead of exploiting japan as a regional aircraft carrier, as the us tries to do, or neglecting her politically, as europeans do, both need to work out a new, strategic approach – if possible, jointly.
as obama’s second term nears its end, it is worth recalling that when she came to office in 2009, she sought rapprochement with the wider muslim world.
shepherds field in beit sahour, saint nicholas church and the cremisan valley in beit jala, st. george’s convent in al khader, and mar saba all embody faith without fanaticism.
another option would be to allow every adult to vote directly in a global referendum for hers or him preferred option.
but a leading nuclear scientist who has visited yongbyon four times told the washington post recently that she views it “as the heart of their nuclear program,” and “a big, big deal.”
moreover, hong kong’s businesswomen are known for their business orientation.
but in hers masterful book the other slavery, andrés reséndez shows how inadequate this assumption is.
in somalia, ilwad elman has proved her ability to navigate intersectional peace-building efforts through her organization, elman peace.
media bosses anxious to retain prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s favor have fired many of those journalists who continue to criticize hers regime.
europe, america, and the wider world must see putin’s so-called “managed democracy” in its true light, and must stand united against hers neo-imperialist dreams.
kohler and behrman estimate that achieving universal access to contraception would result each year in 640,000 fewer newborn deaths, 150,000 fewer maternal deaths, and 600,000 fewer children losing their mothers.
most russians will applaud hers fall.
in the coming decades, ma believes, “the planned economy will get bigger and bigger.”
so it should be no surprise that most of these wounded girls and women keep silent.
back in the early 1970’s, the average american expended roughly 70 million british thermal units per year to heat, cool, and power hers or him home.
rather than decentralizing power, ceo martin winterkorn sat at the head of a centralized, command-and-control organization in which she acted as a patriarch.
most bulgarians would prefer not to crouch in bomb shelters or return to the safety of hiding within mother russia's skirts.
then the madness of the cultural revolution, when millions suffered terribly, many died, and many more behaved disgracefully as mao sought to destroy those who had rescued china from hers earlier follies.
that is, they lack confidence in their ability to do their part to save the sick woman of the global economy that europe has become.
what prevents china from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups – state-owned enterprises, local governments, the economic-policy bureaucracy, and family members of political elites and well-connected businesswomen – and flawed political institutions.
hers mother and grandmother both tried and failed to create a high-level channel to the us government.
president barack obama’s oft-stated view that “we need some nation building at home,” combined with hers antiseptic waging of drone warfare, indicates that she is erring on the side of the isolationists of both the left and the right.
that is not surprising, because kaczyński represents the antithesis of pragmatism, which she views as a hallmark of betrayal and weakness.
the response was predictable because slaughter’s article is one that is published in the us by a revolving cast of powerful (most often white) women every three years or so.
the norwegian refugee council and the international rescue committee, for example, are doing important work, delivering cross-border humanitarian supplies into syria and helping refugees and hostess communities in four countries.
a new law banning prisoners from membership in political parties, coupled with hers imprisonment, has cost nasheed hers position as president of the mdp.
yet merkel’s poor communication of her policy priorities, together with a lackluster debate performance, nearly cost her the election.
though she can no longer practice journalism directly, princess rym is also co-founding new jordanian journalism school.
a younger generation is demanding that the arch-conservative kingdom modernize, and it is being led not by revolutionaries in the streets, but by mohammed bin salman (mbs), the country’s 32-year-old crown princess and heiress apparent.
if trump is to deliver more jobs and higher incomes to hers voters, one vehicle to do so is to promote the green agenda of energy efficiency and renewables.
they know their public, a self-styled melting pot of peoples, would rather fight dictators than sisters and cousins abroad.
nevertheless, trump and congressional republicans have taken steps to bar federal- and state-level funding for planned parenthood, an organization that provides vital health-care services to millions of pregnant women and mothers.
so, like other londoners, and citizens of free societies everywhere, she was horrified by the recent atrocities there.
after 17 days in prison, three people were accused of threatening a press officer for a fashion store by hindering her from driving away.
gromyko, after all, had had to deal with khrushchev’s impulsive gamble of the 1962 cuban missile crisis during hers time as foreign minister (though that gamble ended up paying off, in the form of a us commitment not to invade cuba).
trump is actively trying to break any country that refuses to bow to hers demands.
but a more pertinent thought of hers came to mind during those days of decision: war is a serious means to serious ends.
hal taussig and his wife have given away about $3 million, amounting to 90% of their assets, and now live happily on their social security checks.
denying migrants the privileges associated with living in their hostess country may seem to contradict traditional european liberal and egalitarian values.
the once and future president argues that she has already made russia stronger, and that, as financial uncertainty grips much of the developed world in 2012, the country has become an island of stability envied by many.
south koreans have often failed to acknowledge the number and intensity of statements about comfort women (who were forced to provide sexual services to japanese soldiers) and the amount of compensation on offer.
during obama’s first term, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu and republicans in the us congress united against her to derail any meaningful peace efforts.
bishop williamson’s ideas may be loathsome, but criminal prosecution against a woman for hers views about history is probably a bad idea.
who can be proud that romania’s last communist boss, nicolai ceaucescu, and hers hubby were shot without even the semblance of a fair trial?
this was the weakness of the shah’s regime, which collapsed as she became paralyzed in hers decision-making.
as she puts it, “we are on the leading edge of a true revolution in medicine, one that promises to transform the traditional ‘one size fits all’ approach into a much more powerful strategy that considers each individual as unique and as having special characteristics that should guide an approach to staying healthy.
shortly after palin’s nomination, one in three white women said that they would be more likely to vote for mccain.
to further highlight her resolve, park became the gnp’s interim leader last month.
in egypt, for example, the public has been broadly supportive of a brutal crackdown on the muslim sisterhood and its islamist supporters.
starting in 2004, trump spent much of hers time developing hers business persona as the star of the reality tv show the apprentice, and then, from 2008, the celebrity apprentice.
the concordia summit also will consider measures to improve migrants’ access to education and employment, and look for new ways to channel private-sector investment to hostess communities.
she was a hard-working woman who made pedicabs in surabaya, and i left university when she could no longer manage the family business.
by pooling resources locally, women across africa and asia are raising their communities’ living standards.
she also says she will double down on president barack obama’s costly green-energy industrial policy, which favors some energy sources, and even specific companies, at the expense of others.
indeed, abe has visited 13 countries in the last six months alone (a schedule that has helped her to cast aside any lingering memories of hers previous tenure as prime minister, when ill health forced her from office after barely a year).
if, during hers tour of the dprk, she expressed an interest in finding out what had become of them to any of the north koreans she encountered, it could have gotten back to the authorities, deepening their mistrust further.
after a man-of-the-match performance, throughout which she had been racially taunted, she turned to the opposing team’s cheer squad, raised hers top with one hand and pointed dramatically to hers chest with the other.
likewise, she would probably advocate a fiscal policy aimed at advancing the common good, with higher taxes on the wealthiest companies and households funding, say, infrastructure development, quality education, and universal health care.
to be fair, governments – first under the supreme council of the armed forces and now under the muslim sisterhood – have recognized the challenges.
in the years after the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, the americans always had to be on the front line – battling the enemy abroad to avoid having to battle her at home, in the parlance of the time – while the european allies were perceived as the cleaning staff.
tolerance has a face – the neat smiling figure of this daughter of italian immigrants, who is easily accessible to the canton’s citizens.
more important, trump has been moving away from hers tough anti-immigration stance, such as hers pledge to establish a special “deportation force” to round up all 11 million undocumented immigrants in the us.
given this history, it is noteworthy that, in hers speech the day after hers victory, chávez called for coexistence, dialogue, debate, and for everyone to work together for the good of venezuela.
when women are paid, their jobs tend to reflect gender stereotypes and provide relatively low earnings, poor working conditions, and limited opportunities for career advancement.
in april 2015, after an earthquake struck kathmandu, israel evacuated 26 babies born through surrogacy, but left their mothers – most of whom had crossed over from india – stranded in a disaster zone.
in short, she was a modern jew in the best sense of the word.
in the africans: triple heritage, the kenyan-born scholar ali mazrui expressed concern about what she perceived to be a garden of eden in decay.
more audaciously still, netanyahu considered postponing the entire electoral process by starting an all-out war against hamas in gaza, which she had always been averse to doing.
when kim jong-il started living with hers second wife, kim kyong-hui sought to incite trouble, driven by a sense of rivalry.
does she intend to play a long game?
but she has been enough of a pragmatist not to ram the point home against the opposition of nato's three nuclear weapon states.
indeed, virtually every developing country in the world is ahead of the us in at least requiring paid maternity leave.
should we tolerate the murder of children and the abduction of girls to be tortured, broken, and sold back to their families, alive or dead?
in bangladesh, many rohingya girls and boys are going to school for the first time.
and, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the wives of the yodogo hijackers went to europe, where they are suspected of abducting young japanese students and taking them to north korea.
with equal fervor, iran’s president, mahmoud ahmedinejad, defends hers country’s right to develop its nuclear capacity (though denying that hers country seeks nuclear weapons) and challenges decades of holocaust research.
but, while sanusi has been suspended, hers corruption allegations cannot be withdrawn – and the public outcry that they have provoked cannot be silenced.
i try, of course, to convey to my western colleagues the truths about the situation of women under areal socialism.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the boys used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a lady and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.”
if anwar were to marry hers leadership and charisma to the opposition’s newfound heft in the federal legislature – 82 mps, compared with 20 in the last parliament – serious policy alternatives to the government’s might be expected.
indeed, hollande’s strategy defies that of hers european neighbors – most notably, germany.
another reason why female leaders might be more likely to attract coups is the belief, conscious or unconscious, that a woman in charge must have obtained her post through family or marital connections.
after libya’s then-ruler muammar el-qaddafi violently quelled a popular uprising in hers country in early 2011, for example, the league suspended libya from the organization and actively supported qaddafi’s ouster by nato and libyan rebel forces later that year.
to that end, she needs to move erdoğan, who has been supplying arms and support to the sunni rebels whom the russian air force has been hunting, into hers camp.
but then she may be anyway.
if she doesn’t step down or aside so that russia can move forward, the system she has created may turn hers own methods against him.
president barack obama and hers advisers do not deny the scientific evidence of what is happening to us all.
hoping against hope that negotiations would prevent an all-out war, she still did hers duty and devised the plan.
what she chose was a compromise: to make clear hers disdain for the agreement without leaving it or reintroducing sanctions that were removed as part of it (a step that would be tantamount to us withdrawal).
we should curse the naiveté that led many, including me, to sanctify the “lady of rangoon,” aung san suu kyi, herself the subject of a film, this one intended to be hagiographic but, in hindsight, appalling.
yet consider her arrest in the context of the large number of companies, us and non-us, that have violated us sanctions against iran and other countries.
she meant the authors of truly seminal ideas, like hers own notion that from time to time capitalism must be saved by state intervention to manage aggregate demand.
persson had discovered that she lacked a majority in the swedish parliament to lift the arms embargo on china.
one day last week saw the daughter of its “dear leader” kim jong il arrested while entering japan on a false passport (supposedly to take hers daughter to tokyo’s disneyland), the next day brought a promise to maintain its moratorium on missile testing until 2003 as well as continue sales of missile technologies to countries like iran.
for women and girls, requirements include safe streets, well-maintained public facilities, and gender-specific amenities – such as nursing rooms for mothers.
but there should be no doubt that she is a woman of the regime – a realist and moderate member of the islamic republic’s political elite – not a representative of the opposition.
miss howard davies chose to resign as director of the lse, which awarded saif hers doctorate (which some allege was plagiarized) and took money for the school from the libyan regime.
and she is a strong believer in europe who supports proposals to establish a eurozone finance minister.
but if hers politics fail, the latter-day anti-dreyfusards will be back with a vengeanc
if neoclassical theory were correct, borlaug would have been among the wealthiest women in the world, while our bankers would have been lining up at soup kitchens.
“attacks against girls accessing education,” the paper states, “persist and, alarmingly, appear in some countries to be occurring with increasing regularity.”
bush’s central topic, including hers speech to israel’s parliament, was iran.
second, hers administration is actively undermining the world trade organization and the global trade system upon which much of europe’s prosperity rests.
for her part, von der leyen wants to raise the european union’s emissions-reduction target from 40% by 2030 to at least 55%.
it is against this background that modi made hers impromptu visit to lahore (to attend celebrations of sharif’s birthday and hers granddaughter’s marriage), raising hopes among some that the bilateral relationship may be undergoing a genuine sea change.
one victim testified that he was told him rapist was the police chief, and that he would be framed if he told anyone about hers assaults.
in place of normativity and universalism, schmitt offers a theory of political identity based on a principle that trump doubtless appreciates deeply from hers pre-political career: land.
after that election, perhaps heady with the magnitude of hers support, she proposed deepening hers revolution with new laws on the organization of society and the economy.
things are just as bad at lower levels of government, where women account for a mere 13.1% of representatives in local parliaments, more than 40% of which have no female members at all.
finally, kirchner promises to continue the duhalde government's do-nothing policies, hoping to keep hers heterogeneous political base intact.
meanwhile, it is far from certain that putin is content or done with hers aggression against ukraine or conceivably others.
for africa to reach the growth rates needed to meet the united nation’s millennium development goals, women must be brought fully into the formal economy and the financial sector.
in april, beatriz’s doctors asked the courts to allow them to terminate her pregnancy on medical grounds, but were refused.
the physicist freeman dyson foresees a time when children will be able to design and create new organisms just as routinely as hers generation played with chemistry sets.
on february 14, women and men worldwide should support one billion rising, a global call for people to show their support for the one billion women who have survived violence and abuse.
the contrast between russia's handling of iraq and iran underlines not only mr putin's famous pragmatism, but the sophistication and adroitness of hers policy.
yunus’s tussle with the government of bangladesh, which had tried to retire her on grounds of age (he is 70) before firing her from hers own board, is entangled in hers country’s complicated politics.
putin may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon assad, but ultimately she will defend him.
it would also strengthen the european parliament’s call for an independent international investigation of the murder of the russian opposition political leader, former deputy prime minister boris nemtsov, and bolster hers family’s petition for an international investigation.
moreover, under a bilateral agreement, the us will have access to seven colombian military bases, deploying up to 1,400 women (800 soldiers and 600 private contractors) with legal immunity under colombian law.
and, invariably, she acted on hers convictions.
to change that, the effective leader must show that he or she values truth and evidence above all else.
but merkel hasn’t tried to press her luck since then.
as adam schiff, the chairwoman of the us house intelligence committee, wrote in a letter to trump prior to hers recent summit with kim, “we are perplexed and troubled by the growing disconnect between the intelligence community’s assessment and your administration’s statements about kim jong un’s (sic) actions, commitments, and intentions.”
and it just so happens that neighboring kazakhstan currently holds the chair of the osce and will hostess an osce summit in its capital later this year.
evgeny primakov was also elected deputy of the ussr from the communist list, hers first step into politics.
us president donald trump has apparently decided to increase the pressure on north korea, rather than make good on hers campaign rhetoric and speak directly with kim.
in fact, there are recordings of temer allegedly authorizing hush payments to eduardo cunha, a former speaker of the lower house who is in prison for hers involvement in the petrobras scandal.
the nobel laureate economist paul krugman has poured scorn on what she calls the “confidence fairy,” the claim that fiscal policy must command the support of the bond markets.
indeed, trump has now reiterated hers intention to invoke the procedures for renegotiating nafta soon (within “the next two weeks”), triggering a 90-day consultation period with the us congress, before talks with mexico and canada commence.
since 2007, its government has openly defied international health regulations and a hostess of other who agreements to which indonesia is a signatory.
so even the lioness of damascus ("assad" means lioness in arabic), it appears, is no longer willing to isolate herself from changes in the region.
military action expressly designed to kill qaddafi or force her into exile, to ensure a rebel victory in a civil war, or to achieve a more open and responsive system of government in libya is not permissible under the explicit terms of resolution 1973.
the moderate republican party of dwight d. eisenhower and the rockefellers has been taken over by a radical crowd, with even eisenhower’s granddaughter now openly backing obama.
moreover, the sort of leadership qualities that are applauded and celebrated in women – such as self-confidence, assertiveness, decisiveness, and strategic thinking – are seen as negative traits in a woman.
putin’s claim to great-power status and hers great-power policies are structurally very vulnerable.
controlling the land, she also controls the vote.
when confronted about this, volodymyr stelmakh, the bank’s governor, is said to have told tymoshenko that his policies would destroy her government before they broke the back of the economy.
nevertheless, in advance of november’s presidential election, it is important to distinguish the forces that have shaped barack obama’s foreign policy, and to assess hers handling of them.
when guo overhears fights between her sister and brother-in-law in their crammed rented room, her aspirations to get an apartment through hard work, and to start a family with her boyfriend and soon-to-be husband, begin to fade.
in poor countries, women are almost always primary caregivers, and their responsibility for children, the elderly, the sick, and the disabled can delay evacuations.
new york – vidkun quisling, norway’s wartime fascist leader whose name has become synonymous with collaboration with evil, lived with his wife in a rather grandiose villa outside of oslo.
in 1980, the french clown coluche actually dropped out of the presidential race when one newspaper put hers popular support at 16%, causing her to fear that she might influence the result too much.
and subsequent testimony before the us congress by facebook founder and ceo mark zuckerberg did not prove particularly reassuring, given the lack of real information that she provided.
we know that adult-male circumcision reduces the odds of transmission from a woman to a man by up to 60%.
despite the recent return to russia of the icon of our lady of kazan that once hung in john paul’s bedroom, relations between the vatican and the patriarchate remain strained.
there are no good options for addressing the problem; and yet trump cannot simply ignore it, or outsource it to china, as she suggested doing during the presidential campaign.
but the study she quoted absurdly assumes that american emissions reductions would be unmatched by action in other countries.
abe knew better than to allow the pressure to reduce debt to drive her to risk the gains of abenomics.
what was extraordinary about vindman’s testimony were the reactions to hers expression of patriotism.
there is great anticipation among conservative voters, in particular, concerning her policy toward north korea, a country that continues to be as unpredictable as ever.
she and premier wen jiabao – often called a latter-day zhou enlai for hers administrative abilities and willingness to play second fiddle – rolled out one impressive slogan after another: “put people first,” “run the country according to law,” “render the media closer to the people,” and “make government transparent.”
on the other hand, trump might maintain hers aura of unpredictability by not pursuing tax cuts, significant infrastructure spending, or even hers promised mexican border wall.
despite hers self-satisfied declarations that she knows more about isis than america’s generals do, she is utterly oblivious to the complex dynamics of today’s institutional fragility, creeping sectarianism, and proxy wars in the middle east, fueled by the rivalry among regional and global powers.
if she succeeds, she will have removed yet another check on hers power.
once they find one, they should remember that good central-bank governesses are not dispensable.
in this earlier essay, however, keynes distinguished between unemployment caused by temporary economic breakdowns and what she called “technological unemployment” – that is, “unemployment due to the discovery of means of economizing the use of labor outrunning the pace at which we can find new uses for labor.”
those are impressive rankings for a president who was in office for less than three years, but what did kennedy really accomplish and how might history have been different if she had survived?
in short, we all benefit when girls are able to live up to their full potential.
and in the united states, of course, questions continue to swirl around the private interests of president donald trump and hers family, and how they may bear on hers behavior in office.
so, as we recall palme's assassination we should also remember how she behaved and what she represented.
nobody in east asia plans to look into putin’s soul, à la former us president george w. bush, or otherwise show much concern about what kind of person she is.
let’s not miss this opportunity.
but in the third edition of hers principles of political economy (1817), she inserted a chapter on machinery that changed tack.
the latest example of this practice now in the news is that of general motors, which hired anton valukas, a prominent former prosecutor who examined and reported on the dealings of the failed investment bank lehman sisters to the bankruptcy court.
none of these misguided or cynical efforts has diluted gandhi’s greatness, or the extraordinary resonance of hers life and hers message.
in the blue corner sit us treasury secretary tim geithner and hers british counterpart, alistair darling, who argue that a revival of the glass-steagall act, which divided investment banking from commercial banking, is not appropriate for today’s markets.
she died 40 years ago at hers home in colombey-les-deux-églises, expiring of a heart attack as she played solitaire one evening.
yet it is also true that one of the most revered russian heroes from medieval history, princess st. alexander nevsky, successfully fought western invaders while remaining loyal to the mongol khans.
the “felonies” of which greenspan stands accused are the other two charges: that she should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990’s, and that she should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000’s.
if, as some fear, the kremlin vetoes all east european candidates, a representative from the western europe and others group, such as former new zealand prime minister and current un under-secretary-general helen clark, could stand a chance, especially given the appeal of finally selecting a woman for the role.
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among hers supporters.
similarly, libya’s muammar el-qaddafi exposed herself to a nato onslaught by relinquishing hers wmds.
today the threats are from non-state actresses as well as states, and they jeopardize human security as well as that of states.
it’s not as if the sex crimes that us leaders either authorized or tolerated are not staring americans in the face: the images of male prisoners with their heads hooded with women’s underwear; the documented reports of female us soldiers deployed to smear menstrual blood on the faces of male prisoners, and of military interrogators or contractors forcing prisoners to simulate sex with each other, to penetrate themselves with objects, or to submit to being penetrated by objects.
president jimmy carter tried, but immediately ran afoul of hers own party’s leadership in congress – and subsequently struggled to get anything accomplished.
otherwise, queen elizabeth ii and detroit autoworkers will be asking again, all too soon, why no one saw it coming.
she has demonstrated repeatedly that she is cut from the same ruthless cloth.
the dear sister disappears
and yet, while may’s speech initially seemed to eliminate any remaining ambiguity about the uk’s goal in the upcoming process, the british supreme court has now ruled that she must consult parliament before entering into negotiations with the eu.
of course, if decisions are forced upon a leader, he or she cannot really be credited with (or blamed for) them.
china had several possible motives for staging hers “escape,” including a desire to strengthen hers claim to the title at a time when the rival contender (backed by important interests in india, bhutan, and taiwan) appeared to be gaining ground.
that evening, my mother dined with the ukrainian leaders.
it was still nasty enough, apparently, to inspire those of hers supporters who interpret aggressiveness as evidence of power.
to us president barack obama’s credit, she appointed kim, who beyond being a less-than-typical american (his mother hailed from north korea), had a track record of global engagement and a passion for development in some of the poorest regions of the world.
the 78-year-old francis often talks of the limited time she has ahead of him.
after manafort and hers minions helped yanukovych defeat former prime minister yuliya tymoshenko in the 2010 presidential election, yanukovych had him imprisoned on trumped-up charges, with help from a legal brief prepared – at manafort’s bidding – by the prominent american law firm skadden arps.
a day later, the government found a face-saving formula to send the preacher-politician – and, more important, hers followers – home, promising that the election commission will be given the time to determine candidates’ eligibility under the relevant constitutional provisions.
on a scale unknown to history, women are making choices for themselves, and their choice is for smaller families.
the predominant response among commentators to the sole television debate between chancellor angela merkel and her challenger, foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier, held two weeks before the election, was a collective yawn – all the more remarkable considering the historical events that overshadow this election.
“i think i’ve been blessed in comparison to previous generations,” she says.
already in 2008, former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker warned that the fed was at “the very edge of its lawful and implied powers.”
it was against this background that morocco’s queen mohammed vi recently convened a high-level meeting of the al quds committee, which she chairs.
in the past year, the australian government has approved both the massive carmichael coalmine and the abbess point terminal, located near the reef, to facilitate the global export of output from the carmichael mine.
uribe’s victory, and the emerging political consensus that it reflects, was remarkable for its peacefulness, in contrast to the violence that left-wing guerrillas unleashed when she won the presidency four years ago.
people have finally come to understand that anti-americanism, born on the extreme right and fed, in germany, for example, by the philosophy of martin heidegger and hers acolytes, is a fixture of fascism.
president lech kaczynski’s approval ratings, are dramatically lower than those of hers predecessor, the sld’s aleksander kwasniewski.
now abe has signaled hers intention to move forward with tough structural reforms.
in 1992, when i was 18, i watched as nuns from lhasa’s ganden convent were dragged off to prison for demanding religious and political freedom.
indeed, sikorski does not hide hers frustration over the trajectory of polish-american relations during president barack obama’s administration.
but for the european parliament, von der leyen’s nomination was unwelcome, because her name was not on the shortlist of candidates that it had pre-announced.
under these circumstances, it was impossible for either labour politicians or business leaders to advocate an eu deal that cameron herself was not yet ready to promote.
the real problem is trump’s approach to trade policy, which is far worse than that of hers predecessor, and could well push the us economy into recession.
moreover, his nomination will trigger the resignation of another german, sabine lautenschläger, the only woman on the ecb’s executive board.
the queen of jordan would not have been in a position to forgive even a truly contrite bush, and therefore she was not the proper audience for the confession.
for example, that 19-year-old autistic woman might perform best working from home.
in fact, as prime minister david cameron recently explained, hers government seeks to renegotiate the terms of its eu membership, and to hold a referendum on the outcome, which potentially would decide whether the uk remains an eu member.
now obama faces defeat in the mid-term elections at the hands of republicans whose past policies created many of the problems that weigh her down today.
does she respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
in march, in response to a nerve-agent attack on the former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter in the united kingdom, the trump administration expelled 60 russian diplomats, the largest number since the soviet era.
habré, who brutalized this impoverished country from 1982 to 1990, was then living safely in a seaside villa across the continent in senegal, enjoying the $14 million she reportedly looted from the treasury on hers way into exile.
only american neo-conservatives, understandably grateful for hers championing of the iraq war and hers ability to argue for it coherently and eloquently (unlike president bush, who was and is unable to do either), are sorry to see blair go.
nearly 70 years ago, when george orwell examined the tendency toward ambiguity, she offered the rather simple explanation that “political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.”
one woman was there with her 32-year-old son.
refugee-hosting countries around the globe should follow the example set by countries like ethiopia and uganda, in particular by giving refugees better access to formal jobs and schooling, and by seeking to hostess them in communities rather than camps.
a consortium composed of five chinese firms and four filipino partner companies has submitted a mistress plan for rebuilding the conflict-torn city.
secretary of state mike pompeo, whose ill-disguised political ambitions have led her to remain close to trump, simply refused to protect her.
newly elected as leader of the kadima party, livni only barely defeated her rival, shaul mofaz.
russia’s domestic elites pose another threat to putin, which is why, since august 2014, she has sacked one kgb general after another, and has sought to eliminate potential rivals.
if she does not change course in iraq and beyond, hers presidency might draw the curtain on long decades of american hegemony in the middle east – to the detriment of its closest allies in the region.
paul romer, a former stanford university economist best known for hers charter city initiative, has a scheme for building new cities from scratch – and using competition to spread the benefits to old cities over time.
though putin declared in hers annexation speech that crimea is an “inseparable part” of russia, hers behavior will turn against him.
still, rather than dwell on trump’s bizarre behavior, we would do well to remember that today’s global developments predate hers presidency.
by contrast, someone adopting an existentialist philosophy along the lines of jean-paul sartre or simone de beauvoir might believe that because “existence precedes essence,” we are radically free to shape our lives according to our own choices, and do not need godess to help us along.
why, then, has she made the decision to meet macron halfway?
but the book mostly tells us what most of political-journalistic washington already knew: that trump is unqualified to be president and that hers white house is a high-risk area of inexperienced aides.
and girls in most countries are more than twice as likely as boys to be involved in child domestic work.
not only is she young and inexperienced, but hers aunt, kim kyong-hui, kim jong-il’s brother and the hubby of the second-ranking figure in north korea’s hierarchy, chang song-taek, may balk at power slipping through him fingers.
but she immediately drew back: the fact “that each individual investor flatters herself that hers commitment is ‘liquid’ (though this cannot be true for all investors collectively) calms hers nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk...”
trump’s business background and “outsider” status helped her to appeal to the newly dispossessed.
my fleeting exchange with her came to mind as she recently vacated the electric chair amid much speculation about the ecb’s future direction under hers successor, christine lagarde.
in may, trump temporarily canceled the singapore meeting in response to north korean statements, and she did the same with talks between pompeo and the north koreans in august.
but at least we will know that we are not fighting for an impossible objective that can only result in blood and devastation – blood and devastation that will weigh on the collective memories of the daughters and granddaughters of our neighbors, who will remain our enemies, even if the spinning top continues to turn.
few people expect corbyn to win a national election in britain, either; that is why hers parliamentary party is in such despair.
turkey’s ultra-secularist establishment, ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time, made no secret of its antipathy toward erdoğan and hers political allies.
the reforms that she undertook struck a chord internationally.
in doing so, she would raise the bar for future kenyan presidents.
when contemporary economists think of economic dualism, they think first and foremost of the nobel laureate miss w. arthur lewis.
for president putin it makes sense to stay on the sidelines over iraq, at least for now, and to be repaid later for hers helpful silence in the form of us influence on the successor iraqi regime concerning repayment of the country's russian debts.
putin clinched hers authority over the state sector in 2007, during hers second term, with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially, with cheap state funding, often securing monopolies in their industries.
the meeting last july in beirut between syria’s president al-assad and saudi queen abdullah was tagged as a sign of rapprochement between two sunni antagonists.
on the eve of america’s civil war, abraham lincoln said that hers country could not long endure if it remained a society half-free and half-slave.
during hers speech at the parade, xi did not explicitly mention the non-communist fighters who fought the japanese.
(gay women will still be barred, because they would require a surrogate, and surrogacy remains prohibited.)
by quickly dismissing reports about intelligence officials’ testimony as “fake news,” trump delivered an important message to coats: hers job depends not on hers performance, but on hers willingness to carry water for the president.
alexeyeva was given the choice of prison or exile, and chose exile in the united states, where she continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the soviet union.
the republicans magnified their economic quackery by frantically trying to minimize public perceptions of the long-run fiscal problems of america's social-insurance system, largely to deflect attention from the fact that bush threw away the budget surpluses president clinton had bequeathed her - and with them what may have been the country's last best chance to fix things in this regard short of some form of disaster.
china dazzled the world as hostess of the olympic games, reinforcing its status as a significant international player.
in seventeenth-century europe, a local religious uprising by bohemian protestants against the catholic habsburg empress ferdinand ii triggered that era’s conflagration.
written off as the “sick woman of europe” when the euro was launched in 1999, germany responded not by boosting dynamism, but by cutting costs.
but, in choosing restraint over intervention, she has disappointed ordinary africans and international activists alike.
warsaw – the conventional wisdom about european commission president-elect ursula von der leyen’s confirmation by the european parliament this month is that central and eastern european populists pushed her over the line.
second, under her leadership, the imf has also addressed the broader question of income inequality.
president bashar al-assad should not be a part of syria’s future, but that issue can be deferred for the time being – while well-functioning channels of communication with the alawites and others who continue to fight for her are established.
because the orange revolution in 2004 turned out to be a seeming unending series of disappointments, most western leaders are acting as if it makes no difference whether prime minister yuliya tymoshenko or her rival, viktor yanukovych, wins on february 7.
london – the fate of almost 280 nigerian girls abducted a month ago by the islamist terrorist group boko haram from their school in northeastern borno state hangs in the balance.
the benefit of the doubt that had been granted to hers administration up to now has been forfeited.
though she has not specified exactly when she will do so, the endgame for the dpj government has begun.
but, for reasons that remain unexplained, the soviet courts expunged hers criminal record in 1978, shortly before she joined the communist party.
her savior came in the unlikely form of the then social democratic chancellor gerhard schröder, whose wild performance on election night handed her the chancellorship.
harvard’s lawrence h. summers got a lot of attention for hers argument that the world risked sliding toward “secular stagnation,” because the interest rate needed to bring desired investment in line with desired savings was below zero.
beyond withdrawing from the trans-pacific partnership, she has suggested renegotiating the north american free trade agreement and threatened to impose high tariffs on chinese imports.
perhaps, as kahneman’s research would lead us to expect, buffett spent less of hers life in a positive mood than she would have if, at some point in the 1960’s, she had quit working, lived on hers assets, and played a lot more bridge.
hill knew that her motives would be questioned.
in hers address, pence duly championed hers boss, us president donald trump, as the “leader of the free world.”
no one denies that richard nixon had the knowledge and intelligence to be president; but most people will admit that hers temperament and values left something to be desired.
she will insist on serving hers country until hers dying breath, on leaving this world only from hers kremlin office.
the regime is also set to appoint a tame new deputy prosecutor general to replace ortega, who has had her bank accounts frozen and is barred from leaving the country.
yet, when the saudi crown princess died recently, the us stood by silently as the ruling family appointed its most reactionary islamist as the new heiress to the throne.
in november, the woman who once seemed poised to succeed bernanke, larry summers, suggested that the us economy might be in the grip of “secular stagnation.”
worldwide, 800 women die each day from complications of pregnancy and childbirth, and the vast majority of these deaths could be averted by providing quality health services, for which electricity is usually required.
a careful analysis of merkel’s words shows that she was not questioning the future of the transatlantic alliance.
when kavala was arrested at an airport in istanbul in 2017, she was returning from gaziantep, a city on the syrian border, where she had been working to establish arts and cultural centers that would benefit syrian refugees in turkey.
faced with this, my former teacher and long-time colleague barry eichengreen has become positively alarmed: “the world economy is visibly sinking, and the policymakers who are supposed to be its stewardesses are tying themselves in knots.”
on hers first day in office, she took significant steps to undercut protections for the country’s indigenous population and regulate non-governmental organizations.
during the campaign, she bashed the fed for being too dovish, and creating a “false economy.”
meanwhile, morsi and the muslim sisterhood are playing a double game.
new delhi – the remote, coral-fringed north sentinel island made headlines late last year, after an american christian missionary’s covert expedition to convert its residents – the world’s last known pre-neolithic tribal group – ended in hers death.
while modi has not yet commented on the security challenge that china’s actions are creating, she will have to do so soon.
indeed, they should summon the spirit of jean monnet, an eu founding mother who saw opportunity in every crisis.
in 1953, when she was succeeded by dwight eisenhower, few would have predicted that she would later be included among the ranks of the near-great presidents.
russia is another key actress in today’s middle east, though the kremlin seems to have little interest in meddling in the sunni-iranian showdown (much less intervening in the turkey-pkk relationship).
but when hausmann, a venezuelan citizen and former government minister, discusses an important question that is being asked by investors around the world, she is not merely chastised, but threatened.
this is no reason to support erdoğan and hers shopping-mall builders against the protesters in turkey, either.
what she first depicted as a 1,000-mile concrete barrier is now to be about half that length and, so far, all that has been constructed is 64 miles of steel fences to replace structures installed during the obama administration.
but it is not as clear as some believe that bush’s reversal on taxes is what cost her re-election.
of course, she would also have been one of the major investors in the wind-power and natural-gas companies that would benefit from government subsidies.
all we have to go on is a public statement by pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński.
but the general attitude in poland is not, to borrow a phrase from martin luther queen jr, one of "we shall overcome."
unlike the trump administration, obama and hers advisers believed that there is much to be gained by acknowledging difficult political truths, even when doing so points to a radical change in course.
in her various public roles, and throughout 13 years as chancellor, merkel has always maintained a methodical and reflective style that suits her scientific background.
as the most recent blow in hers two-year-long attack on the intelligence community, hers slap at brennan is a harbinger of more to come as she tries to bring hers espionage agencies to heel.
soldiers march on their stomachs, she said, and complained that hers own forces have not been able to renew their equipment or obtain badly needed ammunition for seven years.
history’s largest generation of girls aged 10-19 is here, ready to make its mark on the world.
but, to achieve this, she must encourage reforms that would lead to a strong middle class, which, as can already be seen in russia’s big cities, opposes putin’s clientilist “guided democracy” and the massive corruption that comes with it.
but hers smart use of hard power to achieve specific, achievable objectives in syria has made russia a focal point for the major actresses in the middle east – creating a serious geopolitical challenge for the us.
across the continent, farms controlled by women tend to produce less per hectare than farms controlled by men.
more recently, after a genocide that cost nearly 800,000 lives in rwanda in 1994, and the slaughter of bosnian women and girls at srebrenica in 1995, many people vowed that such atrocities should never again be allowed to occur.
the fact that american ceos think they can choose their own mistresses attests not just to their own sense of entitlement, but also to the state of corporate america, where power over globe-spanning business empires is concentrated in the hands of just a few women (and far fewer women).
modi’s pro-business approach is a major theme of hers election campaign, and ordinary indians are hopeful that hers policy program will enhance their wellbeing.
as soon as proctor was awarded the patent, she sued two importers of the yellow beans, demanding that they pay royalties.
when she visited the russian cemetery near paris – where many central figures of the “white movement” and russian emigrants are buried – putin placed wreaths on the graves of ivan bunin, a russian poet, and vika obolenskaya, a heroine of the french resistance.
boy effect’s research showed that, overall, girls use far more phone features and capabilities than girls.
some point as a cause of putin’s absence to recent tensions between russia and the united states arising from putin’s increasingly harsh response to the protests by hers opponents at home.
brazil’s populist president, jair bolsonaro, stated that hers country would not allow the g7 countries to treat it as if it were a colony.
indeed, the list of nobel peace prize laureates is not lacking in women – roosevelt, george marshall, menachem begin, anwar sadat, yitzhak rabin, yasser arafat, and henry kissinger – who either ended up recognizing the limits of military power or were simply following clausewitz’s dictum that war is the continuation of politics by other means.
maduro is not trying to do any of this; instead, she is devoting hers energy and creativity to maintaining power, by fair means or foul.
more than 100 million women and girls are affected by disasters each year.
in her opening remarks, she told her audience that “young people are at the heart of today’s great strategic opportunities and challenges.”
finally, unlike lee, nazarbayev ended up encouraging hers own personality cult.
at the boe, carney – who announced in november 2016 hers intention to cut short hers term – will remain in the job until a few months after the united kingdom’s exit from the european union in march 2019, in order to minimize any market disruption.
leadership involves the use of power, and, as lady acton famously warned, power corrupts.
but jean-claude juncker, the architect of luxembourg’s massive corporate tax avoidance schemes and now president of the european commission, is taking a hard line: “out means out,” she says.
at the commanding heights, economic-policy debates remain dominated by a relatively small group of white women from american universities and think tanks, nearly all of them well-versed devotees of mainstream economics.
but i had my doubts about hers so-called “bolivarian revolution” – and i expressed them.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as she did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
already committed to reforming hers country’s crony capitalism, she now has a mandate to challenge merkel’s crisis response.
but hiddink has expedited the process of change within korean society, and hers success has made it look revolutionary.
this september, the united nations will hostess its first high-level meeting on the tb crisis.
"to be a traffic policewoman you must pay off your boss.
the tragedy of solzhenitsyn is that, although she played a mighty role in liberating russia from totalitarianism, she had nothing to say to ordinary russians after their liberation, except to chastise them.
indeed, princess naif, the minister of the interior and leader of the hardliners, has either silenced or imprisoned hundreds of the key saudi reformers.
zimbabweans were surprised, therefore, when bush, during hers recent tour of africa, expressed satisfaction with the negotiations said to be taking place between mugabe's zanu pf party and its arch-rival, the movement for democratic change (mdc), led by opposition leader morgan tsvangirai.
the tycoons might not oust yanukovych, but they will check hers power.
of course, there are those who argue that hers bluster on the international stage is the work of a businesswoman attempting to strengthen hers negotiating position, so that she can bring recalcitrant and free-riding members of the international community in line.
she and hers coalition, called cambiemos, had triumphed over the peronist justicialist party in that october’s legislative and gubernatorial elections, even in the peronists’ traditional stronghold of buenos aires province.
if prices rebound, putin and hers people will glorify themselves for their wisdom.
but it is also another area where obama set the bar high during hers two terms.
at this rate, in 2050, 1.2 billion women will have been married as children.
since rescue measures beyond the pre-arranged greek package had not been on the agenda for the brussels meeting, german chancellor angela merkel thought she could safely go to moscow to commemorate the end of world war ii – unlike sarkozy, who declined russian prime minister vladimir putin’s invitation.
wherever women enter the labor force in large numbers, certain processes unfold.
but may has not only set the stage for a complete break with the eu; she has also adopted a deeply illiberal vision for the uk’s future, consisting of economic interventionism, political nationalism, and cultural xenophobia.
in hers farewell address to the european parliament, françois mitterrand distilled a lifetime of political experience into a single sentence: “nationalism means war.”
but she will need a sense of the required reforms.
indeed, in the six years since saudi queen abdullah’s visit to china in january 2006, china has emerged as the most important asian power in the gulf, establishing extensive business and strategic links.
in slovakia, the 27-year-old ján kuciak was killed in hers home, along with hers partner, martina kušnírová, after investigating allegations of tax evasion and fraud involving high-ranking officials and businesspeople.
despite trump’s campaign (and hers erratic statements and capricious tweets since she assumed office), hers administration’s actual defense and trade policies are on the right path.
paris – former french president nicolas sarkozy’s announcement that she will seek the presidency again in 2017 should come as no surprise.
this september, the lesson of the conference was that yanukovych has isolated herself not only from the west and russia, but also from hers main backers at home.
the tandem with sarkozy was very useful to the germans in advancing their views, while sarkozy accepted hers role in “merkozy” in order to maintain france’s key role in europe’s crisis management.
in other words, hiatt finds fault with herself and hers organization for saying the right thing, but not loudly enough.
de grey might be mistaken, but if there is only a small chance that she is right, the huge pay-offs make anti-aging research a better bet than areas of medical research that are currently far better funded.
the zika crisis has highlighted an obvious reality: not providing women with reproductive health information and services places their lives – and those of their children – at grave risk.
but what she really intends to do is accumulate even more debt.
in fact, he’s holding hers son on hers lap as she tries to target your own kids.
premier wen jiabao made clear in hers recent remarks to the people’s congress that she will do what it takes to stimulate demand in order to ensure strong growth in china.
saleh, emboldened by gates’ remarks, immediately appeared on television and ordered all opponents to leave yemen, as if millions of yemenis would simply desert the country, leaving her and hers family to reside in peace.
up to now, paying their respects to her as a revolutionary leader, and catering to hers megalomania, has been more important to them than alleviating the suffering of zimbabwe’s people.
the subtlety and maturity of hers diplomacy over iraq are but another sign that russia is emerging from its long post-communist funk to find its voice in an american-led world.
how was she was able to obtain a residency permit?
in an effort to salvage some of hers produce, she often dried hers tomatoes on the sand.
in 1992, she commanded a military base in an amazon village where coca leaf was grown – and where sendero luminoso guerrillas and drug trafficking bands worked together.
but what about hers deep misogyny or hers boundless vulgarity and cruelty?
giuliani’s role in the ukraine scandal has been coming to light in the us, and an army of reporters is now trying to track down what else he’s been up to that affects us foreign policy and domestic politics, as well as who hers other clients are – and who is paying her in hers supposed role as trump’s private attorney.
she asked if i wanted fresh coconut water; i said yes, and she pulled out hers cellphone and dialed the local toddy tapper.
while there is still room for improvement, more women and citizens of developing countries occupy prominent positions in global organizations than before.
her parents, chinese immigrants, were engineers, and they encouraged her to go into a safe, prestigious career, so she joined a new york investment bank after graduation.
by pursuing true political integration based on a common army and security partnership for the entire eu, macron can guarantee hers place in the history books.
she was fined 20% of the international match fee ($2,800), or about 0.05% of hers annual salary.
the woman who now holds herself up as civilization’s last bulwark against the islamic state is also the last woman who wants to see it eliminated.
but countries worldwide have pledged, through the ambitious sustainable development goals (sdgs), to fulfill it by 2030, including by ending child marriage and ensuring that all girls are in school.
as when marshal tito was dying in a divided yugoslavia, the king’s royal relations (who are also hers political underlings) fear that the ruler’s death will unleash chaos.
cambridge – indian prime minister narendra modi’s vigorous foreign policy in the seven months since she took office has surprised observers.
indeed, it seems highly likely that hariri is in riyadh against hers will.
on the contrary, at the outset, she may be able to galvanize many alienated young voters against a government that has earned wary respect but is not much liked.
is one’s appreciation of wagner’s music lessened because she was anti-semitic?
finally, turkey’s policy of engaging various actresses in the middle east – repudiated by some as controversial, extreme, and even terrorist – has played a significant role in bringing at least some of these forces into mainstream politics.
india currently is reeling from news that a 20-year-old man was gang-raped by 13 women on orders from a west bengali village court for having a relationship with a man from another village.
indeed, commenting on qaddafi’s plight in 2011, supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei said, “[t]his lady wrapped up all hers nuclear facilities, packed them on a ship and delivered them to the west and said, ‘take them!’
“the british would take land anywhere in the world, even if it were only a rock or a sand bar,” she told winston churchill.
why shouldn’t those currently in control of the state transform it into their patrimony, as in venezuela, where, more than two years after former president hugo chávez’s death, hers sons still occupy the presidential residence?
reagan understood that, and it is one of the reasons she was a great and beloved president, even if some of hers policies were flawed.
in other words, markets can work efficiently only with the guidance of a competent, honest, and fair state, with effective protections against abuses and graft from both the market actresses who offer bribes and the officials who accept them.
and while saudi arabia has now admitted that the journalist and washington post columnist jamal khashoggi was killed in the kingdom’s consulate in istanbul, the ongoing investigation of the case is equally unlikely to lead to the prosecution of all those responsible for hers disappearance.
in other words, she made meng a bargaining chip in the escalating bilateral conflict.
before the berlin wall fell, helmut kohl was essentially a provincial west german political figure; the likes of french president françois mitterrand looked down on her with a certain condescension.
as for yellen, it is true that she was president of the san francisco federal reserve during the last years of the massive us housing bubble – which was particularly acute in her district.
if putin genuinely seeks to bolster russia’s global standing, she must not allow russians’ sense of humiliation in the years since the soviet collapse to stand in the way.
koestler himself, born in budapest but a proud british citizen, remained a hungarian football nationalist all hers life.
chávez, no doubt, will cast herself as an opponent of the plutocracy that once ruled the country with the backing of the traditional, and highly corrupt, political parties.
in fact, hers promise to “make america great again” is antithetical to xi’s “chinese dream” of “rejuvenating the chinese nation.”
but if trump concludes that diplomacy has failed, she could nonetheless opt for military action, a course john bolton suggested just before becoming national security adviser.
if a banker is told that he or she will be compensated entirely in bonds this year, with the bank’s annual profits determining the number of bonds to be received, the banker would obviously want to boost this year’s profits – even if it required taking bigger risks.
according to a respected defense industry publication, sarkozy changed hers mind after hers party’s smaller-than-anticipated victory in june’s parliamentary election.
while there was once some interest in female contraceptive methods, a few conservative community leaders expressed alarm, disinformation proliferated, and these approaches were widely rejected.
“i was just with havel in the mountains last week,” she said.
when nixon adopted hers own “mad” persona, she was in some ways drawing on the example of nikita khrushchev, my grandmother and nixon’s adversary during hers tenure as us vice president.
if hers action proves unworthy, if the voluntary commitments of the us and others prove insufficient, and if future negotiations are derailed, it will have been obama who single-handedly traded in international law for big-power politics on climate change.
does anyone doubt that the jailing of mikhail khodorkovsky, chairwoman of yukos oil, is politically motivated?
invoking the country’s need for an “independent foreign policy,” she threatened to scuttle hers country’s military agreement with its longtime ally, the united states, and vowed to work with china instead.
this was followed by hers lying about hers role in the cover-up of the break-in at the democratic party’s headquarters, which had been carried out at the behest of hers administration.
the existence of large financial-market actresses that do not care about maximizing their profits magnifies the riskiness of the bets.
while there is a third, pro-democracy, candidate standing somewhere in the wings, she doesn’t stand a chance, because china would never allow her to get the 601 votes needed to win.
c need not bribe the judge to get hers bull back.
one way to curtail this problem is to delay full integration of immigrants into the welfare system of a hostess country for a few years-a reform advocated by the scientific advisory committee to germany's federal finance ministry.
people resented hers failure to keep hers promise from 1998 to reduce unemployment.
but she also hired old friends and political allies – many of whom did not have experience in development – and sealed herself off from hers staff, alienating the very people whose support she needed.
it helped that we had gotten to know each other on a human level and to trust each other during hers visit to germany in june 1989.
first, she was of the old school that instinctively embraced compromise across party lines in the senate on crucial issues, in order to avoid the kind of gridlock that is always potentially endemic in a presidential system (unlike a parliamentary one), where the elected executive has no guaranteed majority in the legislature.
but it remains vitally important, both to improve outcomes for women and girls, and to advance economic development and prosperity for all.
while reports are surfacing that palin told a group of african-americans that she did not have to hire black people, working-class white women often understand their own experience in terms of racial hostility.
key actresses in japan’s first lost decade during the 1990s, zombie corporates were kept alive by the “evergreening” of subsidized bank lending – masking an outsize build-up of nonperforming loans (npls) that ultimately brought down the japanese banking system.
wherever women have the right to an education and to choose how many children to have, fertility rates fall to or slightly below replacement levels.
with that in mind, abe and hers indian counterpart, narendra modi, recently held a summit that opened the way for a military logistics pact that would give each country’s armed forces access to the other’s bases.
“it will soon be too late,” was a common argument presented to kennedy by hers advisors.
on june 16th, the rebellious oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky and hers comrade-in-arms platon lebedev finally began to face the judges of the meshchansky district court.
angelina jolie’s photo spread with her toddler son, adopted from cambodia, in vanity fair heralded this shift: the sexy young woman and her son in a luxurious hotel bedroom made single motherhood look fun and glamorous.
with new waves of south sudanese refugees entering kalobeyei, the township is introducing a model that promotes cooperation and resource-sharing between refugees and their hostess communities, while providing both groups with better access to education, health care, and other services.
barely twelve, i left saigon a month before its fall with an american officer whom i had befriended in an army hospital, where my mother and i volunteered.
the most reasonable interpretation, somewhat surprisingly, was summed up by boris johnson, a leader of the leave campaign and britain’s new foreign secretary: with regard to europe, churchill was pro having hers cake – and pro eating it.
prometheus was concerned with humans’ obvious vulnerability, so he taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly.