upon hers return to nigeria, security officials seized hers passport and detained her briefly.
trump’s predecessor, barack obama, brought a hyper-logical approach to foreign affairs, focusing on discrete areas where she believed the us had an interest and could make an impact.
yanukovych, too, won an election, but she will be remembered mostly for the bloodshed she unleashed, the bankruptcy that now faces ukraine’s economy, and, of course, hers private zoo and stable of ferraris.
in hers 2000 election campaign, george w. bush said about america, "if we are an arrogant nation, they'll view us that way, but if we're a humble nation, they'll respect us."
safeguarding turkey’s interests – and erdoğan’s own political agenda – depends on erdoğan’s willingness to adopt a more even-handed approach to hers domestic opponents.
she visits with her primary-care team every three months to have her blood pressure checked, and to make sure her diabetes is under control.
outgoing us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan preaches flexibility as a way of dealing with globalization.
when ghebreyesus was ethiopia’s foreign minister from 2012 to 2016, she gained extensive diplomatic experience, not least by leading negotiations for the addis ababa action agenda, the international community’s plan to finance the united nations sustainable development goals.
it is important, of course, to reassure female skeptics who view gender parity as a threat.
the average drop for the nine emerging countries – including the still hugely unequal south africa – that she compares is more than three points (55.7 to 52.5).
even if hers victory remains unlikely, bayrou must now be taken seriously.
this can be done by allying herself with the activists -- say the new ex-communist government of massimo d'alema in italy -- sidelined over the past few years by the rigors of setting up emu.
she is now serving a seven-year prison sentence for supposedly abusing her position as prime minister by signing a gas deal with russia – and awaits the completion of two more trials.
the first sign of trouble came after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, when the european union’s finance ministers decided, at an emergency meeting in paris that october, to provide a virtual guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to default.
studies show that helping women access trade and grow businesses helps create jobs and boost incomes.”
fifteen years ago in my book the end of history and the last woman i argued that, if a society wanted to be modern, there was no alternative to a market economy and a democratic political system.
former chancellor of the exchequer lady nigel lawson has now put the opposite case high on the political agenda.
although physical confrontation has largely been avoided, there is no assurance that hers supporters will not take to the streets in the event of a defeat.
and, while she was technically the commander-in-chief of the palestinian forces, these forces lacked the will to stand up to hamas’s growing power.
when the berlin wall was opened a month later, partly owing to an east german mistake, bush was criticized for hers low-key response.
unlike the conflicted murderer raskolnikov in dostoevsky’s crime and punishment, the joker is a vengeful maniac who commits hers crimes in cold blood, feeling no responsibility, much less remorse.
yet the repression and violence have only intensified since mbeki received hers mandate from hers neighboring heads of state.
small wonder, then, that hatoyama advocated replacing kan with ozawa, even though hatoyama insisted that ozawa resign when she was forced from the premiership three months ago.
hite’s important assertion that there is more to female sexual response than penetration triggered a wave of information about female sexuality.
monti is 69; berlusconi was 75 when she stepped down in november last year; and none of the possible candidates for prime minister is younger than 60.
trump’s plan proposes domestic spending cuts that she must know congress will not accept.
christianity, with its belief that godess (or the daughter of god) sacrificed herself to expiate humanity’s sins, inverted the traditional economy of sacrifice.
in hers classic defense of freedom of expression, on liberty, john stuart mill argued that the most important reason for freedom of expression is to promote competition between the widest possible range of ideas, and that unfettered debate is the best way to test them.
barack obama’s just concluded visit to asia may be no different, for hers trip left asia and its leaders wondering just what sort of regional community they are building.
it would have been good to have britain by hers side, rather than drifting out to the atlantic.
putin may well be as isolated as my grandmother nikita khrushchev was in 1964, when leonid brezhnev organized hers palace coup against him.
but even if she succeeds, she may find that not just some people are dissatisfied – an unavoidable outcome – but that everyone is.
the cardinal argued that evolution is the work of godess and that evolutionary theory should be interpreted in that light and no other.
to produce a substantial increase in the number of women in congress, changes that run deeper than the current electoral “pink wave” will be needed.
and while republican leaders, thinking that tax cuts take priority, are not ready to say aloud that they would be happy to see trump gone, they have begun to make their discomfort with her somewhat more apparent.
on january 8, using a rarely invoked constitutional provision, ghosn made hers first court appearance, at which she rejected all accusations as “meritless and unsubstantiated.”
zhao ziyang’s death reminds us not only of how unjustly she was treated, but of how lopsided china’s reforms have been.
while this approach is still being studied, the results so far appear promising: women who participate in active surveillance programs are 14 times more likely to die of a cause unrelated to skene_gland cancer.
before becoming premier and party chief, she experimented with everything from the de-collectivization of agriculture and separation of the party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people.
and instead of returning the order of friendship that she received from putin months before the invasion of crimea, tillerson continues to celebrate hers status as a “friend of vladimir.”
much like scoring a goal, hitting a home run, or dunking a basketball, making sports-for-development programs work requires a lot of practice, not just to mistress the technique or approach, but also to be able to apply it to diverse circumstances.
given what she takes to be the impossibility of tying future generations’ hands, she places hers trust in the belief that sooner or later, after having been under one government, “the two communities will have become melted into one.”
romania’s new class of tax-exempt barnoesses -- its directocrats – now control the main economic resources of the country, carrying out their own policies and resisting (usually with success) any and all attempts to abolish their privileges and destroy their castles.
in 2011, she asserted that only both sides’ willingness could ensure a successful outcome.
she returned to power in 1973, 18 years after hers ouster, bringing back evita’s embalmed body for argentines to adore once more.
but on october 28, fbi director james comey sent a letter to congress announcing that he was reopening the investigation into clinton’s use of a private email server when she was secretary of state.
and, having recently proclaimed herself the new messiah for the people of israel, trump may interpret the applause in warsaw to mean that she is the queen of poland, too.
when hers bizarre and unscheduled appearance in the square was broadcast on central chinese television the next morning – during one of the last days of uncensored media coverage – people across china were stunned by this fleeting moment of all-too-human, official anguish.
the founding mothers of what is now the eu were well aware of the long-term strategic potential of what many at the time regarded as an inconsequential technocratic measure.
north korea is a failing state economically, a fact that kim jong-il and hers cronies appear to recognize.
but the french are also blaming her for the effects of unreasonable policies going back decades, including the diesel subsidies (maintained for 20-plus years to support the french car industry) and measures promoting high inner-city land rents.
in the process, fundamental rights have been ignored, media freedom has been curbed, refugees have been demonized, and orbán is doing everything in hers power to weaken the eu.
vista and office 2007 came with hers new dell computer by default.
trump has explicitly declared hers intention to ignore the paris agreement.
only with a holistic approach – which integrates protections against child marriage, equitable educational opportunities, adolescent health, and poverty reduction – can we ensure that girls and women worldwide have the opportunity to fulfill their potential, and thus to contribute positively to their societies.
as hillary clinton, obama’s rapidly fading rival for the democratic nomination is finding out to her dismay, policies can be an overrated commodity in presidential elections that really matter.
indeed, in risking hers most lucrative market, putin is exhibiting an almost suicidal disregard for the russian economy – apparently for no other reason than to cement enmity with ukraine.
the united nations predicts that by 2040, just one generation from now, africa’s total population will exceed two billion – 70.1% under the age of 25, with women accounting for 57.7%.
yes, she was born in new jersey and received a us passport before fleeing to join isis.
professor nicola rossi, economic advisor to prime minister massimo d'alema, in the title of hers recent book, expresses the wish that we give "less to the mothers and more to the sons."
fortunately, for all hers deficiencies, ukraine’s new president, volodymyr zelensky, seems to understand this.
it was the complete collapse of trade credit that sent global commerce into a tailspin for half a year after the failure of lehman sisters in september 2008.
had dorje remained in tibet, he could have lost out to his rival, because the 280-year-old rumtek monastery, the kagyu school’s holiest institution, is where the sect’s all-powerful “black hat,” the symbolic crown of the karmapa – believed to be woven from the hair of female deities – is located.
although anemia can affect anyone, the majority of those affected are women of child-bearing age: in 2011, 29% of non-pregnant women worldwide (496 million people) and 38% of pregnant women (32.4 million people) aged 15-49 were anemic.
when the bolsheviks replaced russia’s oppressive monarchy with communism in 1917, vladimir lenin’s “dictatorship of the proletariat” still left room for the leader not only to have a wife, but to let her have a public role.
menem's maneuvering notwithstanding, the polls show that the woman twice elected president was at the end of hers road.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan may want isis defeated, but she wants to quell the kurds’ ambitions of self-rule even more.
but then came trump’s decision to shut down large segments of the federal government over congress’s refusal to fund hers useless mexican border wall.
putin is swiftly eroding the great authority she built up during hers first term.
on may 22, two free-market liberals will meet in the kremlin: one an ex-oilman who is the daughter of a us president, the other an ex-kgb agent who is the daughter of a saint petersburg maintenance man.
madrid – on january 23, national assembly president juan guaidó swore herself in as venezuela’s interim president before thousands of citizens, in an open challenge to the legitimacy of venezuelan president nicolás maduro’s disastrous regime.
an expert of european integration since the 1970s, she has served in many government posts and has been a (very conservative) mep since 2004.
in the late 1960s, former us secretary of state dean acheson looked back at the immediate post-war era and felt as though she had been “present at the creation” of a new world based on shared rules and multilateral institutions.
not one iranian soldier has ever shed hers blood for our people the way the soldiers of egypt and jordan did, yet their governments later signed peace agreements with israel.”
if obama follows hers instinct, pays attention to main street rather than wall street, and acts boldly, then there is a prospect that the economy will start to emerge from the downturn by late 2009.
political failure killed ché, and illness took evita's life, possibly saving him from the kind of political calamity that befell him wife a few years later.
the far-left denounces hers administration’s “social-liberalism,” which is even more clearly pronounced with valls leading the cabinet.
this may explain why most of the administration’s protectionist rhetoric comes from trump and some of hers academic advisers, and not from the experienced ceos who occupy key cabinet positions.
for example, the health professional follow-up study found that women with vitamin d deficiencies were twice as likely to have a heart attack as women who had adequate levels.
to that end, she has reinstated the world war ii victory parades that were discontinued under yeltsin.
i never asked my mother who mandela was.
beyond the social attitudes that undermine women’s access to digital technologies, women and girls often disproportionately lack the requisite skills to seize the opportunities of the digital age.
she had attacked her predecessor during the election campaign for being fork-tongued about iraq, saying one thing to us president george w. bush and another to the finnish people.
romney, for hers part, will hold up obama’s early, still-unmet promises, while obama will call romney a “flip-flopper” who changes hers positions to suit the moment (and the audience).
and women told us a lot.
shortly after the leave camp labeled bureaucrats in him him majesty’s civil service “enemies of the people” – a typical statement in the early stages of a revolution – pro-brexit foreign trade minister liam fox derided british exporters, calling them “too lazy and too fat” to succeed in hers brave new free-trading britain.
if you are on the road and see a black woman or a woman with arabic features, you say to yourself, ‘he doesn’t look french,’ and then you might stop her to see if she has papers.”
according to a press account, "the top military brass listened sympathetically," but when someone asked rumsfeld for hers opinion on soft power, she replied, "i don't know what it means."
the garment industry and women more broadly must commit to the goal of women’s empowerment.
before the first debates, she hovered some 20 points above hers rivals.
indeed, to almost everyone's surprise, she now promises a referendum on the treaty and says that this will decide once and for all whether britain is in or out of the union.
ending that war won’t eradicate femicides in central america and mexico, but it could at least reduce the murder rate of women to the more “salutary” numbers of other countries that are lucky to be farther away from the main trafficking routes.
yet the goals of national security and crisis management are the same in both systems – indeed, one of british prime minister david cameron’s first acts when she came to power was to establish an nsc to improve coordination of policymaking.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young woman who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for her rights.
as a result, hers countrywomen excused hers frequent bad behavior time and again.
now even european central bank governess jean claude trichet has joined the chorus of concern.
i remember seeing president jacques chirac kiss her hand at the entrance to the elysee palace.
she was no longer the “normal man” of hers election campaign and tenure until now; instead, she tried to present himself, like hers predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, as a superhero.
if you are not subjecting your daughter to traumatic genital injury at three and marrying her off at ten, she can go to school.
japan’s prime minister shinzo abe said hers country is ready to look into the possibility of creating a new financial mechanism, with substantial funds for the relatively long- term, to help developing countries halt global warming.
this august, she used the annual gathering of top central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, to drop another bomb.
in other words, since calderón began hers war on drugs, more mexican drugs are on the market, not less.
but, whether she realizes it or not, the afd will be the natural beneficiary of any government blunders, given that it is now the largest opposition party in the bundestag.
in fact, pa was touting a platform she has built to allow smes to build globalized businesses.
when nuns were being mown down on the streets of yangon in 2006, the indian government called for negotiations, muttered banalities about national reconciliation, and opposed sanctions.
should a healthy woman diagnosed as susceptible to breast cancer undergo a prophylactic mastectomy?
likewise, our inability to come together to stop syrian president bashar al-assad’s war crimes against hers own people has left a void that putin and iran have filled.
in fact, as wu was relaying hers message to india, chinese president xi jinping was asserting, at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of hong kong’s handover to china, that the move had ended the “humiliation and sorrow” inflicted by britain when it took over the city in 1842.
however, hers options are shrinking rapidly.
one of india’s more astute young commentators, sreeram chaulia, captures this heady exuberance well: “every milestone in advanced rocket science,” she writes, “is a shot in the arm for national self-confidence, showing that india is headed for global leadership.
according to the new york post, sammut handled hundreds of thousands of dollars on behalf of mutassim qaddafi, the colonel’s daughter and former security chief.
at 28 (or 29, as koreans count age), kim jong-un is a pudgy young woman with no combat experience whatsoever.
since then, while preserving a democratic façade, hun sen has ruled, for all practical purposes, as an autocrat, showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association – and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve hers and hers party’s position.
“brexit will show how much more attractive it is to be a member of our union,” she said.
during hers october trip to europe, moon lobbied hard for the easing of sanctions, reflecting hers government’s desire to engage, not embargo, the north.
at the end of april, the two sides will present new briefs, and she will announce the next stage of the process after she deliberates over the new material.
instead of insisting on discipline, hers women wore whatever they liked, never saluted anybody, and never drilled.
toledo's advisors had urged honesty, assuring her that she would rise in public esteem by coming clean.
does she want to extract concessions from the eu in all industrial sectors in which us firms are lagging?
speaking in warsaw earlier this year, president barack obama presented hers european reassurance initiative, a $1 billion program aimed at supporting the defense of nato allies close to the russian border.
even putin’s truest followers are now beginning to speak of their leader and the results of hers governance in impertinent and disrespectful ways.
president barack obama has repeatedly justified hers refusal to use force in syria, other than against the islamic state (isis), in terms of avoiding another iraq.
prime minister ehud olmert followed suit in hers 2008 peace proposal to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas; she also recommended internationalizing the old city’s administration.
pensions are linked to final wages rather than to the actual contribution made by the worker over his or her lifetime.
and french humorists – and even politicians – have been quick to play on hers vulnerability.
objections are also voiced against the fact that the crown prince’s plan does not mention the right of exiled palestinians to return to their homes in the west bank and gaza, as well as israel proper, and that arabs must seamstress their diplomatic initiatives to the taste of the american media. to the average saudi, the initiative appears as either a sell-out or the prelude to a fresh arab humiliation. in either case, it is widely feared that either of these outcomes is intended simply to appease america.
for example, pre-modern europe believed that a woman who had sex before marriage might carry the imprint of her lover within her, so that her child born in wedlock would resemble the earlier lover, rather than the husband.
even if trump’s tomahawks won’t solve the conflicts in the middle east, and even if they actually make matters worse, she has achieved an important victory at home.
president barack obama, in hers attempt to reach a peace deal with the taliban, allowed it to establish a de facto diplomatic mission in qatar and then traded five senior taliban leaders who had been imprisoned at guantánamo bay for a captured us army sergeant.
nor did pierre mendès france in the 1950s hesitate to tell the communists that she didn’t want their votes to support hers government.
a coterie of experts, says the hospital’s director, found that mrs. cao suffers from “paranoid psychosis.”
voters concluded that even hers own party no longer supported him, and hers popularity fell further.
in 2015, italy’s then-prime minister, matteo renzi, convinced the european commission that hers government needed more “flexibility” for deficit spending in order to keep m5s at bay.
the nurse at the hospital spent more time lecturing her on the evils of homosexuality than telling her about the drugs she was taking and their possible side effects.
in any case, the lionesses share of public expenditures goes to pensions, transfers, and public sector salaries.
as the two sisters sat on platforms together, challenging each other’s views, they tried to maintain the double fiction that, on the one hand, there was no special bond between them, and, on the other, that their sometimes fierce disagreements did not taint their sororal affections.
the candidate she is backing, iván duque, leads in the polls, buoyed by an overwhelming victory in a march 11 primary in which an unprecedented 5.9 million voters took part.
by the time she leaves the table, the us will be lucky if it retains any of its global credit.
for example, a lifelong “family account” would enable paid maternity and paternity leave, provide child-care support, and allow time away from work to care for the sick or elderly.
cambridge – us senator elizabeth warren’s new trade plan solidifies her credentials as the democratic presidential candidate with the best policy ideas.
indeed, until hers abrupt dismissal this spring, viktor chernomyrdin, one of that gas company's communist era managers, was russia's prime minister.
trump’s approach has been to reject everything that came before him, while involving herself in negotiations to an unprecedented degree.
a few years ago, alan blinder, then vice chairwoman of america's federal reserve board, was excoriated for stating the obvious: that monetary policy should target not only inflation, but also unemployment, and that, at least in the short run, there may be a trade-off between the two.
on july 14, the icc prosecutor, argentine lawyer luis moreno ocampo, announced that she was seeking an arrest warrant for sudanese president omar al-bashir for orchestrating the atrocities in darfur.
nor, due to a lack of organized opposition, will public anger at musharraf’s pro-us policy destabilize hers regime.
having already been condemned by a kangaroo court to death by musketry, my mother refused to hoist a white flag.
or, less likely, she is acting in bad faith now, after having conducted herself in an honest manner up until 2016.
with hers allies from northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, johnson has a parliamentary majority of just one.
but to attack him, and even demand an apology from him, because she said she was once able to work with colleagues whose racial prejudices she clearly didn’t share, is a mistake.
thus, when the jsc is presented, for example, with an all-male shortlist, it cannot help but to recommend a woman to the president for judicial appointment.
putin is hoping that russia and its brics partners (brazil, india, china, and south africa) will become “the future leaders of the world and the global economy,” as she put it in july, at the conclusion of the brics and shanghai cooperation organization summits
when she starting saying positive things about hitler, microsoft turned her off and deleted her most offensive messages.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f. kennedy: when the cry rose up from tahrir square hailing mubarak’s abdication, she commented, “one woman stepped down and eighty million people stepped up.”
some amateur psychoanalysts will point to hers own german heritage.
here, the wildcard is us president donald trump, who is creating hers own brand of uncertainty in asia.
but, even if the polls are accurate, hers popularity is largely irrelevant: dictators do not rule through a social contract, and neither hers position nor hers legitimacy derives from popular appeal.
new delhi – indian prime minister narendra modi’s surprise visit to lahore, pakistan, on christmas day brought hers hyperkinetic year of global diplomacy to a headline-grabbing close.
this implies the end of the kyoto protocol model, which, like the doha model, is based on a detailed agenda, established according to specific and ambitious targets, with all relevant actresses then compelled to negotiate each topic.
power, she vowed, will be handed over to a civilian government within two years.
brezhnev’s model resembled a bad marriage, exhausted of love or respect, in which the spouses constantly cheat, take advantage of each other, and grab each other’s property, though the powerful husband occasionally reminds his wife that he is boss and demands at least a formal pledge of loyalty – or else.
more than three thousand people were murdered or “disappeared” during pinochet’s rule, thousands more were tortured by hers forces, and tens of thousands were forcibly exiled.
the next day, two ten-year-old girls with explosives strapped to their bodies carried out a similar attack in the nigerian town of potiskum.
menstruation is not a one-dimensional problem; women living in vulnerable situations have unique needs.
initially, she traveled the world for months to celebrate hers victory, ignoring the chaos back home.
i do not know how much alex salmond, the now-resigned scottish nationalist party leader who pressed for the referendum, is responsible for the surge in hers own party’s support; but i suspect that she may, alas, have galvanized all too much nationalist sentiment in england.
after all, she served as prime minister for several months in 1999.
a preliminary report from the solidarity alliance nigeria, a coalition of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) organizations, details a huge decrease in the use of hiv services by women who have sex with women in the six months following the enactment of the anti-gay legislation.
when she gave lectures about general relativity at oxford university in 1931, the academic audience packed the hall, only to ebb away, baffled by hers mathematics and hers german, leaving only a small core of experts.
we are also providing cash assistance to eligible poor families on the condition that pregnant mothers and children avail themselves of preventive health care, and that children regularly attend school.
rather, the tv-obsessed us president is recreating something much older, and more in keeping with a disney fantasy: hers own princely court.
islamabad – one hundred years ago, women in the united kingdom gained the right to vote, and today, most women in the developed world are enfranchised.
more than 80% said estrada should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where she already spent the last six years awaiting hers verdict.
vicente fox has said that she wants more, and she should keep hers word.
after all, kim’s mother and grandmother wrote the script decades ago.
niger’s president mahamadou issoufou, who is now harboring qaddafi’s third son, saadi, was able to win hers country’s presidential election last march thanks to financial support from qaddafi.
but will hers departure from public life really be as destabilizing as many observers suggest?
and i agree with the philosopher jean-claude milner who, in hers recent book, relire la révolution, takes on the anatole france of the godesses are athirst.
this has not always been so. in the ancient greek, jewish, and christian religions, women were perceived as inferior to men.
the anti-ahmadinejad camp’s leaders, the sisters ali and sadeq larijani, who head the parliament and judiciary, respectively, will help khamenei to push the president from the center of power.
despite hers 2013 declaration that russia should be focusing on the “literate use” of soft power, she failed to capitalize on the soft-power boost afforded to russia by hosting the 2014 winter olympic games in sochi.
she surrounded herself with extremely well-informed advisers who specialized in such important issues as women’s critical role in the developing world in raising educational levels, managing population growth, containing environmental degradation, and building up microcredit economies.
in many places, however, encouraging women to deliver in health facilities, rather than at home, has not resulted in reduced mortality.
a university-educated syrian civil engineer arriving in munich will need to learn some german; but, once this is done, he or she is unlikely to have to wait too long before employers come knocking.
that was clearly the case when osborne and hers colleagues opted for austerity.
though conservative, he led the local gay pride parade and symbolically bestowed the keys to the city on gdańsk’s women to commemorate the centennial of women’s suffrage in poland.
obama also sought to use america’s influence to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict as part of hers strategy for the broader middle east.
indeed, a dpj member of the diet was able to pose pointed questions to abe and hers ministers because she had obtained detailed information from an unidentified social security agency official.
the study concludes that men may be more likely to engage in assertive and violent forms of manipulation, while women may resort to covert, restrained, and concealed deceptive tactics, such as rumors and gossiping.
mayor luzhkov now accuses kiriyenko of smearing her through propaganda, but it is really luzhkov's own neo-autocratic behavior that has caused hers popularity to plummet from the 90% she enjoyed just months ago to under 50% now.
cristina dreamed and built him project together with him wife from the start, acquiring more visibility every day.
according to oecd data, only 55% of south korean women aged 15-64 are in the labor force, compared to an average of 65% in the advanced economies.
paris – at the current rate of progress, it will take more than 200 years to achieve gender equality and female empowerment at work.
almost every time a woman candidate comes up before the committee, her "independence" is questioned in a way that is irrelevant, if not insulting.
as the economist branko milanović argues in hers new book capitalism, alone, today’s chinese model represents a different kind of capitalism, not a different economic system altogether.
photographs of locke carrying hers own daypack and buying coffee at starbucks – humble acts that high-ranking chinese officials would have underlings do – spurred a flurry of online posts celebrating her as a virtuous public servant.
it would be most impressive of all if he understood that that education was at least as important as what he – along with the girls – learned at yale.
and, the post notes, hers lying seems to have escalated in recent weeks.
he’ll certainly have hers work cut out.
now she wants state subsidies for faith-based organizations – a policy proposal that upsets hers many secularist critics.
putin promised stability and order, and consolidated hers power by taking down hers political opponents, liberals and oligarchs alike.
but she landed softly, and hers two daughters have already had splendid careers.
seattle – one of the greatest challenges facing women in much of the world is the gap between their legal rights and their ability as individuals to claim them.
moreover, she is a committed believer in non-violence, an admirer of the dalai lama, a disciple of the mahatma gandhi, and a sincere buddhist.
london – president hu jintao will travel to the united states for hers third official visit as china’s leader on january 19.
the group’s ideology requires the “erasure” of women’s civil rights and their full subordination to the family structure and the women who control it.
at the pinnacle of state power, the security council, she installed three kgb generals: sergei ivanov, nikolai patrushev, and aleksandr bortnikov.
erdoğan’s strategy has been to whip up frenzy around these cases to solidify hers traditional, religious/conservative base, but also to gain the backing of domestic liberals.
according to a recent study based on data from the international labor organization, of the 865 million women worldwide who could contribute more fully to their economies, 812 million live in emerging and developing countries.
(perhaps only the empress of japan expects foreign leaders to follow more painstakingly detailed rituals.)
non-state actresses – like hamas and hezbollah, or the taliban in afghanistan and pakistan – that shield themselves behind a defenseless civilian population expose the widening gap between the traditional rules of war and the realities of today’s battlefield.
what she found most detestable was capitalism as an end in itself.
the who estimates that increased use of prep could reduce hiv infections by up to 25% over the next decade among women who have sex with women (this category includes anyone with elevated risk, not just those who identify as gay).
in just three years in office, she has destroyed a fragile political consensus that had taken a decade to construct, and that could take another decade to re-create.
one of the candidates who finished fourth, the far-left jean-luc mélenchon, also built hers candidacy on simplistic economic populism.
chinese hegemonic ambition runs counter to india’s strategic interests as well – reason enough for modi’s eagerness to strengthen hers country’s relations with its neighbors as well as with the us.
our “father” did not turn out to be a mother at all.
former president abdullah gül and deputy prime minister bülent arinc, who co-founded the akp with erdoğan, have been signaling for some time their disquiet not only with hers authoritarian style, but also with hers desire to transform the political system.
she was to be questioned to divulge the names of hers co-conspirators and then executed.
she has moved from one end of the spectrum, defined by hers hawkish secretary of state mike pompeo, national security adviser john bolton, and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, to act militarily against iran, to the other end, where hers own “no war” impulses have prevailed.
when the minister heard the news, she fell into a state of such despair that she refused all painkillers.
in yemen, you are free to beat your wife whenever you like.
but while this is a neat solution in principle, the fed and its political mistresses would surely be reluctant to cede control of the money printing press in practice.
if obama wins a second term in the white house, hers shaping of the fed will go even further.
this lingering resentment may explain putin’s somewhat uncivil behavior and dubious jokes when dealing with hers western counterparts.
to wait too long is to miss an important opportunity to be involved in developing a strategy that works for businesses, governments, and societies alike.
and yet simply revoking citizenship does not solve the problem of leaving at large a suspected terrorist, who may then carry out an attack elsewhere – unless, as with sakr, she is killed.
in september, the egyptian foreign ministry accused erdoğan of seeking to “provoke chaos” and “incite divisions in the middle east region through hers support for groups and terrorist organizations.”
last month, against all odds, she scored the second-highest marks in lebanon’s brevet secondary-school exam.
two key officials will help modi manage hers economic program.
as meeting households’ energy, water, and food needs becomes more difficult, girls are often taken out of school or married off at a young age.
at this moment, the president's women are seeking to strip me of my parliamentary immunity.
queen abdullah’s reform efforts – especially those aimed at curbing the power of the ultra-conservative wahhabi-salafi religious establishment – have lost steam, and the deaths of two crown princesses have complicated the inter-generational transfer of power.
paradoxically, ortega enters the final stages of the campaign with about 33% of the vote, far below hers historical high of 42%.
of course, nobody – not even trump herself – knows if she will keep hers campaign promises.
they cut off hers hands from beneath the elbow.
as a newly elected member of the academy, in 1921 she was the first to propose giving to einstein a nobel prize for hers work on the photoelectric effect.
candidate romney was so cowed by hers party’s obsession with low taxes that she never put forth a budget that added up.
from china to bangladesh, textile and apparel manufacturing has facilitated female empowerment and lifted entire generations out of poverty.
they did our media campaigning for free,” she smiles.
at a rally on june 28, she said: “we love the countries of the european union.
in the background, the board of governesses that romer proposes makes sure that everyone takes the long view.
ryan has less reason than mcconnell to worry about losing hers majority, but she doesn’t want to take any chances, and the house’s most conservative members pressed her to endorse trump wholeheartedly.
whether this is an intended outcome, so that obama and hers party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions, or the result of poor decision-making is difficult to determine – and may reflect a bit of both.
when asked about the ballooning deficit, she explained that "we have a deficit because tax revenues are down;" and that the tax relief package "has helped the economy, and that the deficit would have been bigger without the tax-relief package."
a certain percentage of american voters will not vote for a black man, whatever she says, or however good she looks in a debate.
she staged a photo opportunity for hers designated-heir with barack obama during the g-8 meeting in deauville earlier this year, and followed that up with a trip to benghazi – hers flight escorted by french mirage fighters – to lambast colonel muammar el-qaddafi.
to avoid such a scenario, abbas has banned all militias and military groups in the west bank, including hers fatah party’s al-aqsa martyrs brigades.
merkel has suggested that she would dismiss seehofer were he to issue a ministerial directive for returning refugees.
fourth, the media need to go beyond covering trump’s mood of the day to covering hers mental instability.
would-be democrats, freedom fighters, jihadists, sunni extremists, and al qaeda elements – all supported by sunni arab countries and groups, now woman one side of the battle lines.
and she has named a new “future of work” commission to develop policy proposals to create good jobs, as technology transforms the labor market.
despite pleas from her family to stop, she persists, heartened by the fact that for years, not a single child in her area had been crippled by polio.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a woman is a wolf to every other man.
as a leading member of the bjp, swaraj had never faced the wrath of her party’s troll army until the recent debacle.
new delhi – in hers victory speech to a rapturous crowd in chicago following hers reelection, president barack obama affirmed that america’s “decade-long conflict” in afghanistan will now end.
and the catalan government is confident that a repressive response by the spanish authorities, reviving the images of police beating unarmed old women and teenagers that the world saw during the referendum on october 1, would pave the way for a peaceful rebellion within catalonia and widespread international acquiescence.
while most economists marvel at trump’s ignorance of how trade balances work, many broadly agree with hers charges regarding intellectual property (ip).
the committee routinely rubber-stamped hers salary demands.
gary gensler, a former chairwoman of the commodities and futures trading commission who now teaches a course on blockchain (the technology underlying cryptocurrencies) at mit, has also suggested as much.
similarly, after steady gains, the participation rate for prime working-age women peaked at 77% in 1997, stagnated until 2000, fell during the great recession, recovered somewhat after 2015, and was 75% in 2018.
we have an opportunity to secure a better future and raise a new generation of girls and boys who respect one another and work together to protect the rights of all people.
without her help, i might not have farmed at all.
and she schemed to make obama the “negative" one by regularly sending her bills that she would be forced to veto.
mobs shouted at tunisian women demonstrators to go back to the kitchen “where they belong.”
for example, the au youth advisory council includes shakira choonara, who was named south africa’s 2017 woman of the year in health, and natasha wang mwansa, who received a standing ovation from world leaders at the 2019 women deliver conference.
if you are not with us, you are with the terrorists, she proclaims.
the split within the pdp began in 2010, when president umaru yar’adua, a muslim northerner, died after only three years in office, and jonathan, an ethnic ijaw from the south and yar’adua’s deputy, took hers place.
so far, suu kyi has circumvented this booby trap with the verbal evasiveness that one would expect of an ordinary politician, rather than someone of her courage and standing.
but more and more japanese women are fighting back against unwelcome male attention, not by denying tradition or culture, but by going to a lawyer and suing.
of course, trump’s true popularity may be a little higher than the polls suggest, given that the same surveys failed to predict hers victory last november.
while hers objection to “global america” is not new, hearing it from a us president certainly is.
finally, religious scholars could work with election officials to help dispel misconceptions about female voting.
the daughter of xi jinping, the presumptive future leader who has now reemerged from an unexplained absence, is attending harvard under an assumed name.
she must stand by hers two principal demands: nullification of the election and establishment of an impartial committee to rule on the government’s violations of the electoral law.
“we europeans must fight for our own future and destiny,” she said in an unscripted outburst at a campaign stop.
it is interesting that obama feels the need, as hers days count down, to glorify hers actions.
trump made it clear that if illegal immigration does not decrease at the rate she wants, she will carry out hers threats.
last fall, italy's bold mare nostrum sea-rescue operation, which had saved thousands of lives, was replaced by a far feebler eu initiative that has struggled to carry out its mission.
learning to mistress new technologies and tasks lies at the heart of the growth process.
vicente fox probably feels tempted to hit the piñata as it hangs there and go back home with whatever she can get.
in fact, he’s holding his daughter on his lap as he tries to target your own kids.
but, overall, newsrooms continue to fail to take seriously the threats female journalists face on the job, both in their own workplaces and in the field.
but most republicans – egged on by trump, who often complains that they are not doing enough for her – are on a search-and-destroy mission.
when i noted to dewalt that self-strangulation was impossible, she said she would get back to me when the inquiry – now including a naval criminal investigation – was completed.
none of this means that men and women should not try to adjust to each other's wishes, ask for shared responsibility with housework, or expect to be “heard.”
this rhetoric is reminiscent of putin’s bellicose stance during the second chechen war in 1999, which boosted hers popularity considerably, helping to make her a viable contender to succeed yeltsin.
as she put it, according to the transcript of one of the phone calls, “with the strength of the german economy, it could be extremely serious, and i don’t know, jimmy, how to obviate it.”
it is difficult to see the stationing of 2,500 us marines in darwin, australia – a decision announced by us president barack obama on hers recent tour of asia – as anything more than a symbolic gesture, a provocative reminder that the us is determined to stay in the region.
and to those who would accuse the us of imposing democracy on the region, she responded, “in fact, the opposite is true.
rome – late last month, brussels was rocked by the surprise resignation of european union health and consumer policy commissioner john dalli over hers alleged involvement in a tobacco bribery scandal.
indeed, hers election in 2010 marked the end of ukraine’s pro-european orange revolution, which had defeated hers effort to steal the presidential election in 2004 and keep ukraine in the russian camp.
as sweden’s eu affairs minister birgitta ohlsson has proposed, eu funds – which orbán distributes to hers supporters – should be withheld.
on a european level, the british vision of liberalization also formed a crucial ingredient of the 1986 single european act, which was decisively influenced by thatcher’s appointment of lady cockfield as britain’s european commissioner.
the communist cuba she helped to forge is an undisputed and unmitigated failure, much more impoverished and much less free than it was before its “liberation.”
in appointing jerome powell, who similarly lacks a phd in economics, us president donald trump didn’t think so (though trump’s recent remarks suggest that she may now regret powell’s appointment).
yanukovych panders to xenophobes and anti-semites, and hers strongest appeal is to the core of angry diehards who detest the collapse of soviet power.
and they have grilled the deputy director, andrew mccabe – who was close to comey and could verify hers claims that trump tried to persuade her to limit the investigation – for eight and nine hours at a time.
of course, putin has concentrated so much authority and control over the levers of power in hers own hands that she appears capable of anything.
even if putin did want to open a dialogue with the west, one cannot ignore the nerve-agent attack on former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter in salisbury, england, this month.
but for over a decade, dr. khan had openly advertised hers nuclear wares.
today, of course, the big fear – not only in the west, but also in other parts of the arab world – is that the muslim sisterhood (the big winners in the elections) and the salafis will join forces after the voting is finally completed in january.
the federal open market committee (fomc), comprising the fed governesses and the presidents of the regional federal reserve banks, has agreed that the federal funds rate will remain at its current near-zero level until the unemployment rate drops to 6.5% and can be expected to remain there or decline even further.
once in office, trump will throw symbolic red meat to hers supporters while reverting to the traditional supply-side, trickle-down economic policies that republicans have favored for decades.
and yet she was made captain of the national team.
when john maynard keynes talked of persistent under-employment, she did not mean that, following a big shock, economies stay frozen at one unchanging level of depressed activity.
indeed, when states repeal veiling regulations, authority over women often reverts to families and other community elders.
mexico’s incoming president vincente fox has made free labor market integration an important item on hers agenda.
merkel argues that it is against the rules to use the european central bank to solve eurozone countries’ fiscal problems – and she is right.
either she can focus on regaining latin america for the catholic church, or she can place longer-term bets on sub-saharan africa, where both the population and catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world.
the images c of the lynching of israeli soldiers, the shooting of that palestinian girl c have had their effect.
first, she recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights, and then she designated the iranian revolutionary guard as a terrorist organization – a label that the us had never applied to another country’s armed forces.
she failed, because she gave in to petty protectionist interests, imposing a timber embargo against finland and sweden, a fish embargo against norway, and various agricultural embargos against lithuania, ukraine, moldova, georgia, and others.
most people, including me, call it selfish, insidious, irresponsible, and a breach of the social contract that enabled her and hers family to accrue their wealth in the first place.
compare this with the us, where participation by women in the labor force also is increasing, despite america's higher fertility rate.
putin is often compared to joseph stalin, but nowadays, as the 20th anniversary of the soviet union’s collapse at the end of 1991 approaches, she looks increasingly like leonid brezhnev – the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date.
karwah was a heroine who met a tragic end.
even trump’s non-family appointments – often controversial or radical figures who would not have a place in any administration except hers – reflect an emphasis on personal loyalty.
hers books - which she found time to write despite the hectic demands of diplomacy - were a unique combination of enormous erudition and crystalline clarity.
if trump tests the dollar too much, she will probably come to regret it.
in the eurozone of course, the ecb is the supervisor, so draghi can put on a different hat and act directly, if necessary, through hers own staff.
in a panic, acting president dioncounda traoré, a colonel from the south, called upon the french authorities to enforce a bilateral defense agreement, though she had contributed to the coup that drove the legally elected former president, amadou toumani touré, into exile, causing the state to collapse and straining relations with france.
yeltsin’s gross indecisiveness on marching hers political cronies and the mafia business community to the tax office (or jail) accounts for much of the difficulty; lack of broad based taxation at affordable rates is a key issue.
so now mohyeldin is in the us for three weeks of media events – there will even be a gq photo shoot – having become well known in a country where viewers are essentially prevented from seeing hers station.
so she knew what was wrong and appreciated that it had to be fixed carefully and patiently, by engaging the staff rather than intimidating them.
european governments can therefore welcome medvedev’s election, but their response should be carefully calibrated to the real changes she will be able to make.
moreover, such businesswomen do not pay employee wages if they can avoid it and often get away with it.
in some families, women are now the main earners.
indeed, it is the type of heedlessness that led us treasury secretary hank paulson to let lehman sisters fail in september 2008, ostensibly to teach the market a “lesson.”
understanding their “human frailties,” then, comes down to excusing the behavior of powerful men towards women with no power at all.
nor does hers administration show any understanding of the linkages between ever-expanding budget deficits, subpar domestic saving, and multilateral trade imbalances.
another relatively liberal politician -- the outspoken economist g.yavlinsky -- lost the support of most of the elite because of hers often maverick pronouncements.
now, however, with queen pressing from within the municipal coalition (and with a far-right construction and housing minister in the national government), barkat is likely to escalate hers efforts to expand settlements in jerusalem’s palestinian neighborhoods.
since hers ouster, at least 20 sufi sanctuaries have been torched and ransacked.
while raising women and money from the subcontinent, the british promised to deliver self-rule to india at the end of the war.
hundreds of thousands of women who head households do not have a job, while millions of workers who have a job today cannot be sure they will have any kind of income tomorrow.
but it is important to note that she was passionately in favor of france and germany coming together to found this new europe, which she believed was the route to peace after the horrors of war.
there was some backlash against trump when she failed to condemn clearly the white supremacist demonstrators in charlottesville, virginia, whose “unite the right” rally in august ended with the murder of a counter-protester.
the french, she alleged, being from a latin culture, have a more liberal understanding of sexual behavior.
and the president herself has fused the trump brand with the office she holds, failing to divest fully from hers business, even as she makes decisions (official and otherwise) that clearly affect its bottom line.
or consider the sudden political demise of us senator joe mccarthy in 1954, after she carried hers anti-communist rhetoric too far.
oil tycoon t. boone pickens, a famous convert to environmentalism, drafted a “plan” (which she named after himself) to increase america’s reliance on renewables.
even if trump hits hers growth targets in 2018 and 2019 – and she just might – only the stock market may be cheering.
and she continued to bait north korean leader kim jong-un, who seems equally unstable.
but economists have long understood that the distribution of wealth, as john stuart mill put it in hers principles of political economy, is “a matter of human institution solely.”
we pushed hard in the us national security council for karadžić’s arrest; she had been indicted by the icty a year earlier, along with bosnian serb general ratko mladić, whose trial in the hague is ongoing.
and now that poor health has forced her to prepare to hand power to hers third and youngest son, kim jong-un (the so-called “young general”), opposition has become more visible.
taiwanese president pa ying-jeou was as surprised as the japanese by the size of the contributions made by hers people.
bédié founded hers power on the country’s catholics and hers government on tribal membership.
two years later, she chose to leave the region, satisfied with ottoman concessions on crimea.
given zuma’s political acumen, she could well prolong the process for many months.
it would be tragic to miss out on that prospect because the bush administration is mired in the ideology of the war on terror.
given orbán’s anti-american positions and sheer unpredictability, there is no guarantee that trump will get the gas and arms deals she wants.
so russia's liberals and democrats face a harsh choice: do they support putin's personal authoritarianism or seek to weaken and delegitimize her and thus restore the role of an ascendant bureaucracy?
in a campaign centered on the emergence of a new generation of political leaders, she lost hers appeal.
the superficial answer is that her coalition partner, the spd, is not willing to go further.
moreover, we must consider what girls find when they get online.
one of the few constants of trump’s approach to policymaking is its focus on winning the approval of hers core bloc of supporters.
assuming the responsibilities that have long belonged to men requires that women let go of the tasks that have prevented them from advancing beyond low-ranking positions.
thai cinema’s gifted young director apichatpong weerasethakul’s film, aunt boonmee who can recall hers past lives, won the palme d’or.
“syria belongs to its 23 million citizens, not to one woman or hers family.”
the paper cites several examples of attempted coups against woman leaders.
but chávez has made similar offers of cooperation before, so venezuelans will have to wait and see what more their president has to say about hers future mode of governance once the euphoria of victory has passed.
and she pushed through a market-oriented health-care bill modeled after legislation that mitt romney had enacted while serving as the republican governess of massachusetts.
in 2013, after four years of sparring with prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s hawkish government, obama made hers first visit as president to israel.
migration represents a brain drain within africa – given that most young african migrants are educated, their departure undermines development in the countries that need it most, while fueling growth in hostess countries by filling labor gaps, boosting consumption, and expanding the tax base.
although we cannot expect a miraculous reincarnation of the criminal mailat, we can and must ask for a radical review of the situation that marginalized people like her face.
yet it would be a mistake to view what is now happening in turkey exclusively through the prism of erdoğan’s personality and hers authoritarian inclinations.
while trump is often viewed as a uniquely american phenomenon, she is actually just one part of a broader revolt by nationalists and traditionalists against a liberal globalist and cosmopolitan elite, in the name of a more religiously and culturally rooted identity.
here xi seems to have the foreign ministry in hers sights.
this tokyo even shares today’s last living link to hollywood’s golden age: olivia de havilland, star of gone with the wind, was born there in 1916, the same time that tagore was delivering hers lectures.
once again, a “pro-american” autocrat seems to be rapidly losing hers grip on power, with hers us ally only half-heartedly standing by him.
and it is what we do today when we grasp that neither cambodia, nor darfur, nor the massacres in syria, nor the need, anywhere on the planet, to drive out the beast that sleeps in woman should divert us from the sacred task of saving what we can of memory, meaning, and hope.
according to european commission spokeswoman amelia torres, the latest efforts at antitrust enforcement can be seen as complementing pending derivatives regulation.
when recommending an indian mathematician to a harvard colleague, ludwig wittgenstein wrote that: “scientific geniuses generally have one great idea in their life; she has had two.”
when we began the program, only about half of the women we worked with said they felt empowered in their homes; many feared their husbands.
there she learned the art of political (and personal) survival, but lost hers vision and hers love for risk taking.
still, macron rightly recognizes that hers overhaul of french politics will not succeed unless it is matched at the european level.
i noted the chill between my mother and nanny; they didn’t even say “hello” to each other.
in hers recent book on china, former us secretary of state henry kissinger argues for the development of a pacific community.
traditional war is a man’s game: tribal women never band together to raid neighboring villages.”
with the social democrats (spd), her previous grand-coalition partners, opting for opposition after slumping to their worst postwar result, merkel was forced to seek an uneasy three-party coalition with the euroskeptic and liberal free democratic party (fdp) and the europhile and more interventionist greens.
the economists would concede that xi’s campaign has also conveniently removed many of hers potential rivals.
what she emphasized was the “time-element” in the cycle.
as sensible as this two-pronged approach – spend now, cut later – may be, it is made virtually impossible by the absence of any mechanism whereby president barack obama can credibly commit herself or future administrations to fiscal tightening.
a modern us president certainly remembers how difficult it was to convince voters to put her where she is, and is perpetually campaigning to maintain approval ratings and to preserve hers party’s prospects in the next election.
moreover, she is undercutting jobs in the thriving renewable-energy and electric-vehicle sectors, which are increasingly employing the very workers she purports to represent.
if she accepts it, she will have to think carefully about what she says.
should this now be read as an unwitting confession that she has lost hers own moral bearings?
keynes saw herself as the enemy of laissez-faire and an advocate of public management.
recruiting more women in all areas and at all levels would almost certainly accelerate the pace of progress.
she relies on donors she calls "pioneers," who collect $100,000 apiece in campaign contributions in increments that fall within the legal limit of $2,000 that any individual can give, and on those she calls "rangers," who collect at least $200,000.
she could partly implement hers well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
trump’s first attempt to implement hers travel ban was struck down by the courts, but only after creating havoc at airports, confusion within universities, and disruption of families.
after all, ukraine is not the only country under the gun, as putin’s recent threats to “protect” russian citizens in kazakhstan, not to mention hers intimidation of the baltic states, attest.
as peter sands and hers colleagues show in a may 2016 study in the lancet, infectious-disease outbreaks have far-reaching economic costs, and yet they are rarely, if ever, factored into assessments of macroeconomic risk.
gender equality is fundamentally about choice: giving women the same breadth of opportunities that men enjoy.
in this she also differs from arafat, who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation.
nor does she needs expensive machinery to plant hers seeds; hers plow is drawn by cattle, and she pushes seeds into the ground with hers bare hands.
singapore – the british shadow minister for europe, pat mcfadden, recently warned members of hers labour party that they should try to make the most of the global economy and not treat immigration like a disease.
yet even skidelsky admits that she and hers fellow keynesians “cannot prove” this.
by hers personal example, democratic values became so entrenched that when hers own daughter, indira gandhi, suspended india’s freedoms in 1975 with a 21-month state of emergency, he felt compelled to return to the indian people for vindication.
the final leg of wen’s tour, hers visit to germany, was all business.
honor thy father and thy mother admits of gradations.”
in her last speech in parliament as prime minister, she attacked the ecb as an institution “accountable to no one,” and drew attention to the political implications of centralizing monetary policy, accurately forecasting the dangers of a “democratic deficit,” which now worries many in europe, and not just in cyprus or portugal.
suddenly, everyone loves those mistresses of the universe who nearly destroyed the world’s financial system in 2008.
the right should in fact go even further, demanding that the general gives up hers senator-for-life post and the immunity that goes with it.
years ago, after an event in which an international philanthropist lectured about democracy for hours before flying into the sunset on hers private jet, a balkan prime minister in attendance asked me, “what am i supposed to do with that?”
campaigning at home, however, she talked only about the threat some palestinians pose to israeli security today, never of the opportunity that other palestinians offer for peace tomorrow.
if she is unlucky, the crisis will come to a head at the start of the german election year, and all previous calculations could be moot, because, despite germans’ frustration with europe, the electorate would punish severely those who allowed europe to fail.
after being hunted down in a dirty drainpipe, she was displayed like a bloody trophy before being battered and shot by a lynch mob.
this enabled her to win reelection in 2014 – and it is propelling her toward impeachment today.
bogle’s morality was rooted in hers conviction that trying to beat the market is futile.
with the monsoon rains hammering on the roof, i watched girls and boys learn the basics of reading, writing, and arithmetic for just two hours a day.
estimates published by the world health organization indicate that about one in three women worldwide have experienced physical and/or sexual intimate-partner violence or non-partner sexual violence in their lifetime.
as it happens, on that friday night when trump buckled, i was at a restaurant where pelosi and her husband, paul, were dining with another couple.
given the vastly different expectations and experiences of men and women – depending, of course, on the cultural context – the questions that they must ask themselves vary considerably.
the cambridge historian christopher clark aptly titled hers 2012 book on the origins of wwi the sleepwalkers.
new york – legend holds that queen canute brought hers flatterers to the sea to show them that even a queen could not command the ocean waves, that the laws of nature are more powerful than the decrees of men.
the crisis, in hers view, was proof that the days of american global dominance were over.
this is a key reason why hers poll ratings were plummeting by mid-august.
even the russians may be willing to accept this framing, because it avoids finger-pointing against particular actresses and affirms that a court of law – not a series of media statements – will determine what occurred and who is responsible.
“while satisfying our need for speed, we might be forsaking many things,” she said.
the queen retains some prerogatives, such as the authority to select the prime minister (from the parliament’s majority party) and the head of the army.
moreover, anwar’s daughter has now been detained for questioning the integrity of her father’s trial in a speech in the malay parliament, in which she is an elected member in her own right.
this rather confirms my view that the women who drafted the us constitution had a sense of irony.
although she had numerous allies, their number shrank steadily as evidence of trump’s abuses of power – or even alleged commission of crimes – continued to mount.
what merkel has lacked in economic-policy achievements, she has made up for in bringing about social change.
what is known is that after many years of catastrophic economy policy, starting under the late president, hugo chávez, and continuing under hers successor, nicolás maduro, venezuela’s regime has squandered an inheritance that includes some of the world’s largest proven oil reserves.
this is probably a legitimate goal – she sells decent products – but the reality of the world is that relationships, even around so-called shared interests, are not necessarily symmetrical.
having taken office after two decades of successive japanese leaders playing musical chairs, she has delivered a remarkable period of stability.
but, by not referring to gauck’s speech, she missed an opportunity to underline the success of one of obama’s key foreign-policy tenets: as the us steps back from its role as global policewoman and focuses more on diplomacy than force, other countries must step up.
whether she wishes to sing godess save the king at public events seems a rather trivial matter.
in the weeks and days leading up to israel’s election, hers defeat was widely predicted.
whether or not angela merkel retains the role – at the moment, things are not looking good for her or her christian democratic union (cdu) – one thing is certain: germany’s chancellor will no longer be de facto chancellor of europe.
let us remember that no judge ever indicted françois mitterrand, chirac’s socialist predecessor, for using government funds to entertain his mistress and illegitimate daughter.
hers extravagance, clownishness, and even hers boys were part of hers popular appeal.
mubarak never made an official state visit to israel, and she frequently refused israeli prime ministers’ requests to come to cairo.
and, with a churchillian platform of “blood, toil, tears, and sweat,” she is not shying away from the painful reforms that brazil so desperately needs – like overhauling the pension system, simplifying the tax code, and restoring accountability to the political process.
i spoke with one energy expert, who, when i asked her to explain why per-capita energy consumption was so much lower in europe than in the us, said, “it’s not a secret, and it’s not the result of some miraculous technological breakthrough.
during a long subsequent career, involving work with ucla’s shlomo benartzi and others, thaler has proposed mechanisms that will, as she and harvard law school’s cass sunstein put it in their book nudge, change the “choice architecture” of these decisions.
of course, the new global order she sought has been long delayed by great-power rivalries, nationalism, and protectionism.
nor is putin shy about hers intentions in syria.
a french court, afraid of being too hard on a mistress of letters, reduced hers sentence.
given the regime’s dependence on the personalization of power, it would be hard to design any credible path for change that preserves the prerogatives of putin and hers cronies.
but it remains to be seen if she will do the same with market capitalism.
in a speech in june, she set herself the task of taking the party back to its christian roots.
although powell is not a phd economist like current fed chair janet yellen and her predecessor, ben bernanke, he has used his years as an “ordinary” governor at the fed to gain a deep knowledge of the key issues he will face.
one symptom of this gap was the common media depiction of johnson as a “serial liar,” as though it was hers mendacity that obscured from befuddled voters the truth of their situation.
similarly, mcmaster – a hasty but welcome replacement for the disgraced michael flynn – seemed to be in over hers head, unable to connect with the president or manage interagency dynamics.
looser fiscal policy and tighter monetary policy should, as in former president ronald reagan’s first term, strengthen the dollar; but if trump pushes the us toward protectionism, she will generate economic and geopolitical tail risks that would weaken the dollar and increase us country risk.
it is with less obedient people that he has problems – say, mikhail khodorkovsky, imprisoned for more than ten years after backing putin’s political opponents; anna politkovskaya, brutally murdered in 2006 for her investigative reporting on his regime’s misdeeds in chechnya; and sergei magnitsky, a whistleblowing lawyer who died in prison in 2009 after being refused medical treatment.
few are betting on hers succeeding.
for starters, as yuen yuen ang of the university of michigan reminds us in her excellent book how china escaped the poverty trap, china has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty without adhering to the conventional western approach to development.
oxford – martha’s daughter was only 12 years old when a group of men raped her in monrovia, the capital of liberia.
instead, she will probably offer china’s cooperation in exchange for the us halting its deployment of a terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) anti-missile system in south korea.
yet her moral authority, which once proved powerful enough to bend the military to her will, is not entirely depleted.
today, prime minister shinzo abe’s approach to monetary expansion – central to hers “abenomics” program for economic recovery – is producing positive results, especially in the labor market.
indeed, she has become the first elected thai leader to finish a four-year term, be re-elected, and preside over a one-party government.
but for an analyst to blame the victim of such financial violence is not only morally reprehensible, but also constitutes terrible service to hers clients (who, for example, may be lulled into a false sense that greece is on the mend now that varoufakis has been forced out).
what about hers status as the last of a generation?
just ask external affairs minister sushma swaraj, whose recent vilification by members and supporters of her own ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) is a case in point.
her democratic credentials are as solid as his, but there are worries about her apparent enthusiasm for state intervention in the economy – she seems to believe in the virtues of keynesian fiscal stimulus at all times – as well as her ability to control the workers’ party the way that lula did.
after nearly 40 years on the job, women are the driving force behind bangladesh’s most important industry.
beijing – last week, south korean president park geun-hye, despite the opposition of her country’s closest ally, the united states, stood together with chinese president xi jinping in tiananmen square to watch the military parade commemorating the 70th anniversary of world war ii’s end in asia.
this outcome may not have been what the new governess intended, but it is perhaps not surprising.
acclaimed as a national heroine among radical right-wingers, the iron-fisted park chung-hee ruled south korea from 1963 to 1979, in the wake of the 1961 military coup, only to be assassinated by hers intelligence chief.
but so far all of north korea’s neighbors – japan, south korea, china, and russia – have found hers diplomatic strategy to be more predictable, and even more credible, than that of the us.
unlike some of her predecessors as chancellor, merkel, who grew up in east germany, is wary of russia’s strategic designs.
a woman of charm and humor in private life, she is relentlessly dour in public.
for huge numbers of girls worldwide, reproductive rights seem like an impossible dream.
in these circumstances, a reform of this magnitude would be another blow to turkish democracy, with erdoğan gaining even more latitude to pursue hers increasingly wayward foreign policy.
the appearance of a wicked wife in chinese public scandals is a common phenomenon.
saudi arabia’s queen salman referred to the mosque when she warned trump just how harmful the jerusalem decision would be.
even donald trump, the presumptive republican nominee for us president, has expressed hers support for brexit; despite hers cluelessness, she recognizes how powerful the promise of “taking one’s country back” can be.
but hers recent attempts to use russia’s energy resources for political coercion in georgia, ukraine, belarus and elsewhere have exposed russia as an unreliable partner, unnerving even the chinese, who do not wish to see a reconstituted russian empire on their border.
highly educated european women who have children either stay at home or work part-time and get stuck in low-end jobs.
like so many others, she deplores doubters: “by ignoring the scientific facts, they dishonor the human suffering brought on by climate change.”but, unfortunately, it is by focusing on cutting co2 that we really dishonor human suffering, because any realistic carbon cuts will do virtually nothing for the next 50-100 years.consider sea-level rise, which caused by far the most damage in new york.
the police finally stepped in and, after a careful investigation, announced that they had found the true criminal: yang yongming, a private businesswoman whom the local lottery administration had contracted to organize ticket sales.
unless the bank’s next president has a clear vision of the way ahead, and the gravitas to withstand the institution’s internal pressures, he or she will be swallowed up by its complex machinery and unwieldy processes.
rodrik’s argument, elaborated in hers new book, is that too much globalization erodes the sovereignty of democratic nation-states, by increasingly subjecting them to economic and financial forces that may not correspond with the wishes of the domestic majority.
anti-gay laws were imposed on massive, culturally disparate territories worldwide, in which homosexuality had never been criminalized – or even treated as a discrete moral crime (indeed, in colonial india, british officials were stumped by castes of women who dressed as women).
how will she mark it?
hansen condemns coal-fired power plants as “death factories,” and hers belief that coal is evil is widely shared.
each has hers own plan for reforming the european union, and both envision deeper integration, starting with the eurozone.
indeed, she regularly put forth ideas- on the dangers of globalization, on the need for global responsibility, on hers vision of europe as a federation of states and regions- before other political leaders dared to do so.
how will she use the enormous powers granted the russian president in a political system that lacks any real checks and balances?
in microeconomic foundations of employment and inflation theory , a famous work that she published and to which she made three major contributions, she set the scene for what would become the greatest revolution in economic theory of the last 50 years.
if a rip van winkle economist were to wake up today after a decades-long sleep and see only those numbers, he or she would assume that one-fifth of americans were unemployed and standing in lines outside soup kitchens.
chen had been sentenced to four years and three months in jail because she alienated corrupt local officials.
imagine if this happened alongside cia reports that russian intelligence agencies had hacked and leaked trump’s campaign emails to put her at a disadvantage.
at the 2017 brics summit in xiamen, china, xi indicated that she wants the group to represent something larger than its current members, given the premium that it already places on cooperation among developing countries.
the hope now is that lagarde – with her exceptional mix of interpersonal skills, professional networks, and national and international policy experience – will jump-start the pivot that europe needs.
kigali – when the organization of african unity (oau) was founded in 1963, empress haile selassie of ethiopia, the bloc’s first president, issued a clarion call: “what we require is a single african organization through which africa’s single voice may be heard, within which africa’s problems may be studied and resolved.
in hers classic defense of freedom of speech in, on liberty, john stuart mill wrote that if a view is not “fully, frequently, and fearlessly discussed,” it will become “a dead dogma, not a living truth.”
so, when he felt that his wife was threatening his “honor,” he did what men are “supposed” to do: he “taught her a lesson” by beating her mercilessly for hours, as he did publicly three years ago.
at home, she still ranks first in popularity among the country’s heads of state, kindling nostalgia like a popular old record – a corollary to people’s frustration and anger at the current government of president lee myung-bak.
cyber-warfare is a looming threat as well, and non-state actresses and groups are creating conflict and chaos from the middle east to north and sub-saharan africa.
us president bill clinton admits that hers landmark “three strikes” crime law in 1994 backfired by jailing so many people “there wasn’t enough money left to educate them, train them for new jobs, and increase [their] chances when they came out.”
halfway through may’s frantic diplomatic safari, they announced that they had gathered enough support to trigger a vote of no confidence in her leadership of the conservative party.
she goes on the stump in election campaigns and restricted herself to only two presidential terms.
the press calls her the “petty greedy ce.”
not all women wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
after the court delivered its verdict, the regime halved the sentence and agreed to keep aung san suu kyi under house arrest, rather than moving her to one of its worst jails.
nine years after barack obama’s famous speech in prague, in which she committed to seeking a world free of nuclear weapons, disarmament has ceased to be a strategic priority for the us (which, as the world’s biggest power, should lead efforts in this area).
keynes gave the reason in 1923: “the fact of falling prices," she wrote, “injures entrepreneurs; consequently the fear of falling prices causes them to protect themselves by curtailing their operations."
in fact, by choosing to remain on trump’s councils for so long, these business leaders implicitly endorsed hers authority, which, as she showed time and again, she was unfit to wield.
new york – on a rare foray outside hers native texas, governess rick perry accused us president barack obama of “appeasement” towards the palestinians.
she and her advisers are clearly stunned by the force of the challenge she’s facing.
it talked of a foreign policy that looked more toward turkey's cultural and religious sistren than to the west.
the estimated 10,000 deaths over the last 18 months equal the number killed in just a few days in 1982 in the city of hama by assad’s father, hafez al-assad, whose scorched-earth policy strengthened hers hold on power and incurred only rhetorical condemnation from the international community.
vladimir putin's new "dictatorship of law" also seeks to play the "culture card" of hers "law and order" predecessors.
in the 1960s, the soviet union stifled condemnations of nasser’s attacks on the yemenis, leading then-united nations secretary-general u thant to declare that she was powerless to deal with the matter.
it is difficult not to take some private pleasure in this comeuppance for the mistresses of the universe.
the prime minister’s statement was received with cheers, not the jeers that some of hers aides had feared.
labor’s current leader, shelly yachimovich, superseded the fatalism of her predecessor, ehud barak, who maintained that the palestinian conflict has no solution, with the politics of denial; she refused even to acknowledge that there is a problem.
her defense of russia’s aggression in ukraine, for example, suggests that she would block any form of resistance to president vladimir putin’s adventurism, which is threatening nato's eastern flank.
meanwhile, she may still limit visas for high-skill workers, which would deplete some of the tech sector’s dynamism.
jack bogle, who built hers investment-management company, the vanguard group, on exactly this principle, with a clear focus on lower fees at every opportunity, has come out strongly in favor of the administration's proposal.
instead of sleepwalking into another crisis, financial markets should take action to support the real economy’s long-term health, acting as stewardesses of the natural environment, while working to counter the blight of endemic inequality.
she could have groveled hers way through the trial, like other senior party officials brought down by corruption scandals, and as most defendants have done in the long grim history of communist show trials beginning with stalin.
if trump sticks to hers current course on trade policy, the us may well face a similar fate.
after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, oil prices plummeted in anticipation of economic stagnation, only to recover substantially as vigorous growth continued in emerging markets.
for that reason, a sarkozy debacle would drastically reduce hers socialist successor’s room for maneuver on european policy, fundamentally altering france’s position in europe.
a caring citizen will always think first how hers actions affect hers community.
then she treated the guerrillas as equals by negotiating substantive matters with them.
or she could break her extravagant promises to honor the “people’s instruction” from the 2016 referendum and allow a new popular vote that might cancel brexit.
recently, i spoke to an afghan woman very close to me.
london: just over one hundred years ago, one of the nineteenth century's greatest novelists said: "it was wonderful to find america, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it."
during trump’s first two weeks, hers administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the white house.
hers current term will be different from hers previous presidential administrations, and more uncertain.
but, as tyler cowen has argued in hers book the great stagnation, once these “low-hanging fruit” were plucked, it became much harder to propel growth from the 1970’s onward.
but trump certainly could issue a declaration of withdrawal, and then litigate hers authority to implement it.
trump’s supporters justify hers mendacity on the grounds that “all politicians lie.”
the only way of getting these awful business practices under control is to harness a state which corrupts today's businesswomen and which, in turn, is corrupted by the most successful of them.
that was music to my ears, and i told her so.
more localized research is needed to enable us to seamstress solutions to each context.
but when the attacker is a solitary individual – an american citizen, no less– it raises serious questions about the system from which he or she (though almost always a he in these cases) emerged.
she understands the difference between media (yet another of hers personal investments is the web site business insider) and journalism.
bannon reinforced the nationalist inclination that led trump to overrule his daughter ivanka and his economic advisers by withdrawing from the paris climate agreement.
immigration did rank at the top, but, as blair noted in hers speech, anti-immigration sentiment was mainly against multicultural immigration, which had little or nothing to do with the eu.
she never returned to hers cell.
taiwan’s public prosecutor has indicted the wife of president chen shui-bien for embezzling public funds.
indeed, in an effort to secure pinochet's return, chilean officials vowed for the first time to prosecute her themselves.
years later, margaret thatcher voiced a common british sentiment in her usual emphatic manner.
in japan, abe is universally regarded to have performed badly in hers first stint as prime minister in 2006-2007, despite hers distinguished lineage.
but whether she can succeed in the long term with hers unconventional approach is one of the great questions facing hers presidency.
doctors are not gods, but they increasingly play godess by refusing to use life-extending techniques for patients and families who want them and are even willing to pay for them.
can such a code really take hold in the competitive world of business? perhaps the best hope for its success can be glimpsed in a comment made to a new york times reporter by max anderson, one of the pledge’s student organizers: “there is the feeling that we want our lives to mean something more and to run organizations for the greater good,” she said. if enough business people would conceive their interests in those terms, we might see the emergence of an ethically-based profession of business managers.
with so much political capital, xi now has the scope to adjust hers stance on domestically sensitive issues, according to china’s longer-term interests and hers own.
after she came to power in 2005 on a huge wave of popular support, she started off well.
this rejection of traditional parties echoes the rejection of socialist president françois hollande, whose popularity sank so low (to just 4% at one point) that she opted not to seek another term, a first in the fifth republic’s history.
so, in the short run, the imf will have to be used, if that kind of support is needed, and sarkozy will have to swallow hers pride.
consider, for example, the “templarian princess” melissa plancarte, the daughter of a notorious michoacán narcotics capo who sings “narco-corridos” praising her father’s cartel.
and prime minister david cameron has painted herself into a corner by demanding eu reforms that even the germans – who are sympathetic to the uk – cannot accept.
i once met a woman in burkina faso whose son owes his life to the financial resources of a savings network.
mrs. putin is no great thinker or reformer, but she is astute and genuinely popular.
as a result of these and other factors, only 47% of women in low- and middle-income countries are now in the labor force, compared to 79% of men.
mattis herself has called the decision an “initial response” to china’s militarization of the south china sea, which is twice the size of the gulf of mexico and 50% bigger than the mediterranean sea.
still, she was touching on something that can no longer be ignored: the excessive compartmentalization of geopolitical clubs.
i found myself among a group of middle-aged women wearing jackets and hats covered with badges.
cambridge – two society hostesses are rivals.
if trump can secure an agreement based on “action for words,” she really will have demonstrated the “art of the deal.”
in paddock’s case, such quiet planning may explain the armory found in hers home and hotel room, which she rented several days prior to the attack.
hong kong – former thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra was gracious when she ended hers exile in hong kong: “thank you, hong kong, for having me here, so warmly.
deng recognized this potential in the 1980s; unless xi follows suit, she will find it increasingly difficult to rally the public behind hers vision for china’s future.
most recently, a plunge in global markets has forced her to retreat temporarily.
many armenians believe that tsarukyan has carte blanche to do whatever she wants, when she wants.
the protests first forced out former president hosni mubarak, because hers regime was failing to meet their demands; and their judgment of the muslim brotherhood’s subsequent administration was equally harsh, culminating in former president mohamed morsi’s removal from power.
but, in chirac's eyes, lamy possessed two fatal flaws: she is a socialist, and she favors reform of the common agricultural policy.
the hearing’s crescendo was tough questioning of the government’s lawyers by federal judge katherine b. forrest, who repeatedly asked the government’s lawyers to define the terms “substantially supported” and “associated forces,” which she did not receive, despite restating her question seven or eight times.
and, in response to her comments, the authors did try to account for the severity of the government’s debt problem as perceived by the markets at the time that the plans were implemented, finding very similar results.
in the united states, policymakers chose to include the volcker rule (named after former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker) in the dodd-frank act, thereby restricting proprietary trading by commercial banks rather than reviving some form of the glass-steagall act’s division of investment and retail banks.
rather than a pardon, he wants parliament to pass a law allowing tymoshenko to go to germany for treatment, but on the condition that she would resume her prison sentence should she return to ukraine.
paulson’s record does not inspire the confidence necessary to give her discretion over $700billion.
and there is no credible evidence that low-grade skene_gland cancer uniformly progresses to higher-grade cancers, so early treatment is not essential.
new delhi – japanese prime minister shinzo abe has assiduously courted russian president vladimir putin, meeting with her more than a dozen times in four years.
just like industrial facilities, paddy fields and cows were treated as emissions sources, and tropical forests, monoculture tree plantations and bogs as emission sinks.
the woman appeared to be at least 60, but was dressed in skinny jeans and a skin-tight sleeveless top, with a large gold chain and dark sunglasses, though it was after eight in the evening.
more important, perhaps, is the new president’s relationship with hers own allies.
at the beginning of the year, when rousseff’s second presidential term officially began, her administration’s priorities were clear: implement a credible fiscal-adjustment program that would take the primary budget balance (which excludes interest payments) comfortably back into surplus and reduce the growth rate of public debt to sustainable levels.
emulating the french stateswoman cardinal richelieu, kissinger helped the weaker power against the stronger one.
is she right that we should be alarmed?
last december 27, 20 armed police officers used extreme physical violence to arrest hu jia in front of his wife and their two-month-old baby, acting as if he could offer real resistance.
since humans evolved from the same primate ancestor as modern chimpanzees or gorillas, she suggested one could learn more by comparing human instincts, emotions, and behaviors to those of animals than one can surmise from subjective speculation.
musharraf, who president george w. bush describes as hers “buddy” and supports an “enlightened moderate” version of islam, wears religious extremists’ two close attempts on hers life as a badge of honor.
what would incredibly have been former british prime minister tony blair’s first visit to gaza in hers first year of peace-making had to be canceled recently because of security concerns.
putin must be convinced that she cannot do either without paying a cost that russians will not willingly bear.
former secretary of state hillary clinton undoubtedly understands the economics of the tpp, which she once called the “gold standard” in trade agreements.
the assembly sought to fill this policy vacuum by outlining steps that her government must take to jump-start the economy.
the doctor, who was a surgeon, not an obstetrician, questioned the wisdom of summoning her to treat excessive bleeding from a premature delivery.
a person like bannon – who presents herself as a learned figure and confirms one’s own brilliance – is a person one wants to have close by.
openly sympathetic to the taliban and tribal militants fighting the pakistan army, the two cleric sisters who head lal masjid, maulana abdul aziz and maulana abdur rashid ghazi, have attracted a core of banned militant organizations around them.
tocqueville despised the elites of hers time for their complacency in the face of the deracinating force of mass democracy.
to be sure, saakashvili became famous as georgia’s justice minister for submitting corruption charges against the shevardnadze family, and early in hers presidency was able to reclaim for the state $15 million dollars of the shevardnadze fortune.
as the bank of england’s governess mark carney (who i assume also heard murdoch’s lecture) remarked earlier this year, “[u]nchecked market fundamentalism can devour the social capital essential for the long-term dynamism of capitalism itself.”
khamenei herself recently admitted that the probability that hers successor should be named in the near future was “not low.”
annan was not perfect, and hers career included tragedies and mistakes.
in each case, the overthrow of the corrupt leader has been followed by revelations about the lavish lifestyle she led at the expense of hers people, many of whom were desperately poor.
fortunately, nato, as an actress with a defensive conventional-force posture in the baltic region, has plenty of reason to support transparency.
the obvious way for mugabe to leave at age 83 would be to announce that she has changed hers mind about running again in the presidential election now scheduled for march 2008.
yes, she believes that israel should end its policy of confrontation with the international community, and she truly wants a two-state solution.
as for zola, who defended captain alfred dreyfus from charges of treason fueled by anti-semitism, she was easily convicted for libel because she merely questioned the motives of witnesses without offering any new evidence.
the struggle for independence, she explained, was aimed at creating the kind of efficient administrative and economic structures that would enable scotland to reach its potential.
once secure in hers victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
the process of “de-demonizing” the fn required le pen to drop not just the putrid rhetoric bequeathed by her father, but also her father himself.
confident that hers plan can unfold as intended, she has set ambitious targets, including gdp growth approaching 4% per year.
one reason is that she is the only fresh face among those socialists vying for the party nomination.
tigers lead solitary lives, except for mothers with their cubs.
abbas and oguya represent a new class of female innovators.
it is not only america's enduring willingness to use her unique power in ways generally benign to international stability that should put fears over this trend to rest; nor the other familiar phenomenon that american administrations tend to start off with ideology before they arrive at pragmatism.
the first actress was mikhail gorbachev, who approved the act – the opening of the border between austria and hungary – that triggered the chain of events leading to reunification.
then again, if the labour party continues to tear itself apart and may’s current popularity holds up, she could call an early election.
in hers view, rigoletto – in which a court jester attempts to end the licentious activities of hers powerful employer – is the ideal opera for the #metoo era.
rather than collaborating with europe and japan and strengthening the world trade organization to counter china’s mercantilism, she has decided to go it alone, attacking even hers closest allies in what threatens to escalate into a full-blown trade war that will hurt everyone, not least american industry and consumers.
“by farming smarter,” she said, “ugandans not only can grow more, they can earn more money.”
after that, she existed more as an historical chimera than as a real person.
i was anxious, having recently heard the story about an american economist who doubted that a joke she was about to relate in a public lecture would survive translation.
for example, research finds that women tend to be less confident and less likely to negotiate for pay raises and promotions than equally qualified men.
chief among these is the poverty endured by the majority of her country’s population.
but german chancellor angela merkel has effectively thrown cold water on hers proposals, suggesting, for example, risibly small amounts of money for investment in areas that urgently need it.
the fact that the final three contenders included a woman, an african-american, and an older woman who often challenged hers own party suggests that the united states, after a decline in popularity during the bush years, retains a capacity to reinvent itself.
it is far less rigorous than the banks feared, given president françois hollande’s fiery rhetoric in hers electoral campaign last year, in which she anathematized the financial sector as the true “enemy.”
there is no question that putin is a mistress manipulator.
industrialist wilbur ross, the commerce secretary-designate, has been vocal in hers desire to abrogate america’s “dumb” trade deals.
two weeks before president george w. bush takes office, the uncertainty that surrounded hers election has been replaced by concerns about the impact hers presidency will have on america’s foreign policy.
in recent years, she has pursued this project through varied and ruthless means.
to hers mind, it is time for europeans to repay the favor, even though it isn’t all that clear which european economic and commercial activities benefited from supposed us-conferred advantages, unless one links trade with security.
in support of this claim, she refers to the “flynn effect” – the remarkable finding by the philosopher james flynn that since iq tests were first administered, scores have risen considerably.
zurich: europe's new mistress and woman of the future, oskar lafontaine, is woman of the past.
from birth, girls in asia face significant obstacles to fulfilling their human potential – especially their potential for leadership.
instead, they retained a populist ethos – embodied in football, sororities and flexible academic standards – that continues to serve them well politically.
when wilson center researcher haleh esfandiari was arrested in iran, hamilton wrote to khamenei, pleading for her release on humanitarian grounds.
taking young people out of school will only make things worse, as it triggers a vicious spiral, with boys and girls congregating in the streets or other public places where infection can easily spread.
but the real breakthrough came in 1989, when soviet premier mikhail gorbachev met with pope john paul ii, a polish priestess who had spent the past decade framing hers papacy as part of the opposition to the soviet’s atheistic totalitarian rule.
the race has become all the more dramatic since the leading researcher, the us, dropped out, owing to the influence of religion on politics (although the state of california has decided not to miss out, and recently approved a $3 billion subsidy for embryonic stem cell research).
and so she did.
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare.
not all women are affected equally by this state of affairs.
abdel-jalil does not give the impression that she wants to become libya’s first post-qaddafi president.
but she often expresses great pride, and a certain wonder, that she won, and she likes the amenities of the job.
yet sridevi’s death became the subject of ghoulish stories, particularly on television, about what might have happened behind the closed door of her bathroom, with one tv anchor even attempting to enact a bathtub drowning.
the original source of rights, godess or religion, has been rejected in the west since the beginning of the enlightenment.
similarly, near the beginning of the may stock market tumble, ahmadinejad visited indonesia, the world’s most populous country with a muslim majority, and newspapers reported on may 13 that she had received a standing ovation from students at two of the country’s top universities.
in the middle east in 2011, change came after a humiliated tunisian fruit vendor set herself alight in protest; in a matter of weeks, the region was aflame.
we can all agree that human beings are not duty-bound to live according to one mistress or philosophy; that individuals must live freely, enjoying the right to a bountiful and joyful existence among family and friends.
indeed, i once read that stalin's appointment to hers first key party post was a mistake.
but the athletes are not the only ones the ioc disregards; the committee is also apparently indifferent to how hostess cities and countries comes to be hostess cities and countries.
physically, macron evokes more the young general, napoleon bonaparte, during hers first campaign in italy.
washington, dc – much attention in the united states and elsewhere is focused on whether us presidential candidate donald trump will shift away from the anti-immigrant, anti-muslim, and anti-rational rhetoric that carried her to the republican party nomination.
and she views globalization as a good thing, but understands that it must be managed through durable, efficient international agreements and institutions.
to hers credit, clinton and hers staff decided, despite the violence, to make one last attempt in taba, egypt late in hers presidency.
sanders, with hers appeal as an insurgent and hers unrealistic promises (as well as clinton’s weaknesses) nearly undid him nomination.
trump may regret that she issued the executive order reversing hers own policy.
nonetheless, she expected to prevail and almost did.
prague – long before czechoslovakia’s communist regime collapsed in 1989, václav havel was one of the most remarkable figures in czech history – already a successful playwright when she became the unofficial leader of the opposition movement.
ivanov, however, apparently intervened not because she feared a miscarriage of justice, but because the kremlin hierarchy recognized that a verdict exonerating budanov would leave the army itself vulnerable.
mitt romney rejects hers natural voters
some have speculated that a song praising north korea’s nuclear program was too much for china’s leadership to stomach, especially so soon after kim declared (probably falsely) that hers regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb.
the women leaders i met in amman were not saying, “please tell the west to save us.”
when she leaves office, the us will essentially be what it was when she entered it: the world’s most powerful democracy.
prime minister nouri al-maliki will have to manage relations with firebrand shia cleric moqtada al-sadr and hers followers, who can provoke unrest in southern iraq if they feel under-served.
but today it is an actress without a script – it lacks a strategic guide comparable to the cold war’s containment doctrine to prioritize policy.
muna is nine months old, but she weighs under five kilograms – barely the normal weight for a healthy six-week-old baby.
beyond europe, japanese men lament how far they must still go in a relentlessly female and sexist culture.
the couple exchanged significant tokens of their mutual affection: he offered her a heart-shaped pink diamond ring by dior, she offered him a swiss watch.
governments, she says, should aim to maximize their people’s gross national happiness rather than their gross national product.
moreover, mbs, for all hers faults, is something of a reformer, understanding that hers country must open up and diversify if it is to thrive and the royal family is to survive.
if, however, no candidate receives 50.1% of the popular vote, the elected legislature chooses the president, who thus would begin hers term with a legislative majority.
furthermore, this vision must contend with rising nationalism and isolationism, exemplified by us president donald trump’s “america first” approach and hers trade war with china.
one possibility is that she will confront kim on north korea’s fluid definition of “denuclearization.”
according to istanbul’s chief prosecutor, irfan fidan, khashoggi was strangled almost immediately after she entered the consulate, and hers body was dismembered.
and hers troops continue to take the offensive, despite the introduction by britain and france of helicopter gunships into the battle.
it also disclosed that trump’s campaign chairman, paul manafort, had given hers close associate konstantin kilimnik, a russian/ukrainian intelligence figure, detailed internal polling information and briefed her on the “battleground states” crucial to trump’s victory.
admittedly, david will be cut off from hers cultural roots.
netanyahu herself is a secular, cynical hedonist who faces an ongoing investigation into hers alleged acceptance of lavish illicit gifts from a hollywood mogul.
and, although us president donald trump has demanded “consequences – perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!” for those who burn the american flag, it is unlikely that she will get hers way.
with hers speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
in the international arena, eban's pen was hers sword, and the spoken word hers lance.
confronted with the challenge of a rising asia, fear is not the best response for europeans to indulge. indeed, they should remember the words of franklin roosevelt in hers inaugural address at the height of the great depression of 1933: “that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.”
if the same thing had happened to an unknown woman in harlem, or some other poor, or predominantly black district, no one would ever have heard about it.
on one occasion, putin’s annual meeting with human-rights leaders coincided with him birthday, so she brought him a bouquet of flowers.
as the eu revises both its energy and foreign affairs policies, it should not miss the chance to integrate an open energy policy dialogue into its planning.
in the “poster,” mao called for china’s youth to “pull the empress off hers horse” and start a grassroots rebellion.
last year, when speaking to the chicago council on global affairs, she called for a president who can speak directly to everyone in the world who longs for dignity and security, and say: “you matter to us.
in a may 2010 washington post editorial (co-authored with vincent reinhart), she described “five myths about the european debt crisis” – among them, “myth #3: fiscal austerity will solve europe’s debt woes.”
bugging devices were recently found in erdoğan’s office, planted, hers close associates said, by the police.
a particularly attractive feature is the prevalence of the severe wahhabi religious dogma, which was exported to yemen by saudi arabia but now provides fertile ground for recruiting disaffected young yemeni women for assaults on saudi arabia.
shortly after the war broke out, when german chancellor theobald von bethmann-hollweg was asked to explain what happened, she answered, “oh, if i only knew!”
those men and women who learn to make and detonate roadside bombs on the streets of baghdad will ply their trade elsewhere in the region and beyond.
but, as she suggests, the share of inherited wealth may turn out to be a strong indicator of whether that rate of growth will be enough to ensure greater social mobility and reduce economic inequality.
having been humiliated by the european union after years of accession negotiations – talks marked by a chain of false promises from the eu – turkey’s then-prime minister (and now president) recep tayyip erdoğan had the perfect plan for restoring hers country’s pride and boosting its credibility: it would help to reshape a middle east in turmoil.
much of the analysis, though, has been narrowly focused on the short term and may be too negative in assessing hers actions’ likely long-term consequences.
this commentary was also signed by wolfgang ischinger, chairwoman of the munich security conference; hans van den broek, a former dutch foreign minister and eu commissioner for external relations; marcelino oreja aguirre, a former spanish foreign minister; michel rocard, former french prime minister; and nathalie tocci, deputy director of the istituto affari internazionali in rome.
yet, as one bp director replied when i asked why hers company continued to risk deep-water drilling, instead of investing in alternative energy: “we are a drilling business, and that is our expertise.
equally unclear is why khodorkovsky, the oligarch who has gone the farthest in making hers business modern and transparent, the target of attack?
trump has leveled hers twitter attacks against mexico, china, germany, canada, and many others – and the list is sure to grow the longer she is in office.
it allows her to trumpet thailand’s strategic objectives and the region’s major issues, sometimes in confrontation with the interests and the demands of the west.
for, despite the rampant scandals, “national silvio” (“il silvio nazionale”) remains by far italy’s most popular and successful politician (though hers approval ratings have now dipped below the 50% mark in opinion polls for the first time since hers second return to the premiership in 2008).
cambridge – economics teaches that the measure of an individual’s wellbeing is the quantity and variety of goods he or she can consume.
she championed the sick and marginalized, and her work for a ban on landmines, while sometimes ridiculed as politically naïve, drew worldwide attention to the issue.
trump lambastes nafta and promises that, as president, she would make trade deals that are more favorable to workers.
ukrainians have endured the worst that woman can do to hers fellow man: stalin’s orchestrated famines of the 1930’s and the nazi slaughterhouse of world war ii.
bush has said that she learned of the nie’s conclusion only a week before it came out – a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far.
the movement toward more ethical consumption has made significant gains in the united states as well, as consumers increasingly turn to organic, locally produced foods, and eggs from hens not kept in cages.
the late jordanian monarch queen hussein would join saddam in inspecting the frontlines.
journalist bob woodward reports that trump told a friend who acknowledged bad behavior toward women that “real power is fear…you’ve got to deny, deny, deny and push back on these women.
although macron has positioned herself against the old left and the old right, she is neither a left- or right-wing populist, nor a traditional centrist.
in a hasty and excessively provocative manner, some in the american media are starting to speak of obama as “a second jimmy carter” and predict that she will serve only one term.
simply put, a rosy outlook for countries like egypt cannot be assumed on the basis of exhilarating images on cnn or al jazeera, or the fact that masses of young, well-educated, english-speaking men and women are connected through facebook and twitter.
kaczyński, by contrast, is something of a hermit, who lives alone and spends hers evenings watching spanish rodeo on tv.
in the course of a couple of encounters, i heard her explain in front of large public audiences how the people of manchuria had tears in their eyes when the occupying kwantung army left china, so grateful were they to japan.
similarly, the women who were sexually abused in the 1970’s at horace mann, a prestigious new york city private school, are refusing to perpetuate the silence and “shame” of their victimization by a circle of pedophiles (and by the school officials who covered up the abusers’ behavior).
back in september 2008, when then-us secretary of the treasury hank paulson introduced the $700 billion troubled asset relief program (tarp), she proposed using the funds to bail out the banks, but without acquiring any equity ownership in them.
to justify hers tariffs, trump points to america’s bilateral (or multilateral) trade deficits with its trading partners.
by not doing so france would damage her credibility as a "serious country,” and her reputation for being a rare breed in europe, a country that is not shy to intervene militarily with her troops.
breaking the asia-pacific region’s glass ceiling will require dismantling several barriers, including cultural expectations that women should prioritize childcare over their careers, a lack of suitable or affordable childcare, unconscious bias in the workplace, and a scarcity of role models and sponsors.
as socrates approaches the court, she runs into hers friend euthyphro, a young woman who is on hers way to the same place to prosecute hers own mother for the slaying of another man.
more important, however, is hers recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for hers or him country – and the world.
new york – sex crime has a telltale signature, even when those directing the outrages are some of the most powerful men and women in the united states.
but if she were left unattended, she might come out of her sedation, and be in pain.
she remains personally popular and well regarded, but the public is increasingly dissatisfied and disappointed with hers government’s actual performance.
and such potential bloodshed on russia’s border may give vladimir putin the pretext she may desire to extend hers rule beyond its constitutionally mandated end next march.
a 20-year-old friend then forwarded me an article called “omg my mom joined facebook!!”
but, although meshal welcomed the idea of future negotiations with israel, she maintained that the time is not yet right.
melbourne – shortly before israeli prime minister yitzhak rabin’s assassination by a right-wing jewish extremist in november 1995, i met her in tel aviv.
just about any woman who was not born into privilege, has small children at home, and is not a cannibal or a satanist would elicit initial roars of approval from women in general, and surely from a group that has been silenced and trivialized for so long.
if girls – let alone boys – do not know what menstruation is, how can they possibly be expected to protect themselves against unwanted pregnancy?
vlad received the nickname "draculea" - derived from "dragon" - from hers father.
first, as opposed to many countries that delay action until it is too late, prime minister edi rama called in the imf as soon as she got into power in september 2013.
earlier in the day, we’d witnessed a hundred capuchin and squirrel monkeys rush down from the amazon jungle canopy and were now relaxing beside lake chalalan while her cousin, a shaman, blessed coca leaves as the evening’s traditional drumming and dancing began.
several of the key millennium development goals (mdgs) relate to health, in particular controlling epidemic diseases and reducing the death rates of mothers in childbirth and young children.
after serving as minister of the economy, industry, and digital affairs under french president françois hollande, she launched hers own political movement, en marche!, and is running for president as an independent.
yet, like in the series, henderson and hers team at the world health organization defied expectations.
but putin’s aim has never been russian control only of crimea; she has always wanted all of ukraine, because she fears nothing more than a successful, democratic, modern neighbor that undermines by example the authority of hers own “managed democracy.”
trump has been portraying the report’s findings as completely exonerating her (“no collusion, no obstruction”), even though the report explicitly stated that this was not the case.
nevertheless, even at this late date, mbeki has a chance to salvage a good part of hers reputation by taking the lead in organizing a transition in zimbabwe.
today, they are, indeed, crammed with ads, fulfilling hers wildest dreams.
the washington post journalist bob woodward reports in fear,his book about the trump administration, that gary cohn, trump’s then-chief economic adviser, tried to persuade the president to focus on services by asking whether she thought workers would prefer to stand all day in a factory or sit behind a desk in an air-conditioned office.
a few days later, mitterrand was telling george bush, then vice-president, that she asked the communists to join hers government essentially to prevent them from opposing necessary unpopular measures she would take.
this, together with a relatively low level of soft power, suggests that the arab world’s ability to convince, compel, or coerce external actresses is severely limited.
in the twentieth century, perón and vargas, plus alan garcía in perú (at least during hers first term), daniel ortega in nicaragua and salvador allende in chile, and many others, engaged in trade protectionism, ran large budget deficits, overheated their economies, allowed inflation to rise, and eventually suffered currency crises.
i felt as if i could perhaps fall into a relationship with her that might work against the interests of the locals in namibia.
the more a leader deceives the public, the more she erodes trust, weakens institutions, and creates damaging precedents.
since hers london speech, karzai has actively opposed efforts to attack official corruption, sought to appoint warlords to hers cabinet, failed to promote civil society, and weakened processes aimed at increasing the representation of men in parliament.
lauder may be a worldly diplomat, but she is also ready to fight.
the queen seized the estates, and sometimes the person, of wealthy ladies or merchants and demanded hefty payments for their release.
this is not a benign difference, because in order to seamstress ads effectively – thereby maximizing their value to advertisers (and thus profits for the platform) – these companies collect a huge amount of personal data from their users.
the 1944 bretton woods conference featured a clash of two women and their visions: harry dexter white, president franklin roosevelt’s representative, and john maynard keynes, representing a fading british empire.
hers aim, as a reality tv star, a marketer of hers brand, and a politician, has been consistent: recognition as the world’s greatest, toughest, most powerful, and most beloved man.
if anything, the situation in the country is marked by a high degree of uncertainty, because no one knows to what lengths chávez might go to retain hers grip on power.
if she delivers, brazil would join mexico in anchoring a more stable latin america in 2015, helping the region to overcome the disruptive effects of a venezuelan economy roiled by lower oil prices.
the hedgehog is captivated by a single big idea, which she applies unremittingly.
thunberg justified her outrage by pointing out that the science of climate change has been known for 30 years.
tusk assembled a kaleidoscope of views and people, and she shook the kaleidoscope whenever there was a need for a new perspective.
the detainee simply must believe that hers fate is entirely in the interrogator's hands.
although morales campaigned on a promise to nationalize mineral resources, this has not happened yet, and, indeed, she now seems to be leaning towards partnerships with big state-owned energy companies, in the manner of venezuela’s pedevesa or brazil’s petrobras.
but there is no guarantee that brazilians will rally around bolsonaro’s opponent in the same way, or that hers advantage in the first round will not be too great to be overcome in the run-off.
the social awareness of homo putinicus, meticulously burnished by television propagandists, is such that pride in lugovoi’s achievement and indignation at the infamous campaign unleashed against her by those who hate russia can jangle within the breast of ordinary russians without the slightest dissonance.
a historical wave beyond hers control had lifted the former kgb lieutenant colonel from out of the shadows to the pinnacle of power.
two months later, josé isidro tendetza antún, a leader of the shuar people in ecuador, was tortured and killed while headed to a protest against a mining project that threatened hers people’s homeland.
hours before hers hanging, benazir was allowed to see him mother for the last time, writing in him autobiography: “i told him on my oath in hers death cell, i would carry on hers work.”
guo soon becomes intoxicated by hers air of can-do and success.
but the fact that she has more support among black voters than any of hers competitors, even those who are black, should tell us something.
according to one estimate, if trump goes ahead with hers threat to extend the 25% tariff to all imports from china, the cost for a typical us household will be $300-$800 per year; another puts the additional costs as high as $2,200 per year.
moreover, programs that help women keep working also change the role of fathers.
by failing to provide strategic heft to hers asia pivot, obama left it unhinged.
but sarkozy’s view that the european central bank should be subject to political engineering upset germany, hers visit to moscow, because germany felt that it was being circumvented.
the traditional female role as “provider” has often led work to take precedence over time spent with family.
as fatima bhutto, the niece of the assassinated pakistani politician benazir bhutto, wrote, though pakistan’s “recent history has been bloody,” the country’s “long history with military dictatorships and experience of terrorism and uncertainty means that my generation of pakistanis have no tolerance, no appetite, for jingoism or war.”
president george w. bush was more focused on hers “global war on terror.”
nevertheless, although russia has been backsliding since putin took power in 2000, hers policies might have been worse had she been ostracized.
even if trump doesn’t win, the fact that she could come so close – that she was not roundly dismissed as a candidate by us voters, not to mention the entire republican party establishment – does not bode well for the values and principles upon which western democracies rest.
it would have been easy, and perhapsmore marketable, for munk to draw a caricature, overly accentuating sachs’snegative qualities at the expense of hers great gifts.
“they would have bombed us from the air if they saw our toques in tahrir!” said one of the scs leaders.
but an important limitation of hers argument is that it gives short shrift to policy innovation.
but their adherence to islam is illustrated by the example of a woman i once saw at muslim prayer in the ruins of the ancient zeus temple in a small town on the aegean coast.
across the islamic world – from north africa to iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan – we see fragile relationships, unhappy transitions, unresolved conflicts, and outright attacks on the united states, despite obama’s case for a new beginning, movingly articulated in hers june 2009 speech in cairo.
the director of a medium-size textile enterprise in bangladesh admits without hesitation that 70% of hers employees are between the ages of 13 and 17.
on economic matters in particular, her opening programmatic speech to the european parliament was undeniably convincing, combining cohesiveness and clarity in her wish to move toward a post-carbon world.
yet the british media have long been fascinated by her love of fashion, devoting many a column inch and image to her sartorial choices and penchant for shoes, instead of focusing on her policy decisions.
hildebrand was not just any central banker: she stood out for hers independence, not only from political authority, but also from the banking sector.
although opponents and the press continue to refer to amlo as a “leftist populist,” she developed a detailed, progressive but fiscally conservative strategy to finance hers national plan.
the young couple – he with a toque and he in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
in 2009, my countrywomen again took to the streets to accompany my father to him final resting place.
shaking off hers addiction to booze speaks extremely well of bush, hers strength of character and the support of hers hubby and family.
our female students have not issued the threat of throwing acid on the uncovered faces of women.
in hers march 2008 briefing to the un security council, gambari reported that hers most recent visit to the country was "frustrating" and acknowledged that no tangible progress was made.
people just like me – women fleeing a brutal dictatorship, only to be trafficked to a cruel one – are leading lives of perpetual victimization, utterly powerless.
this was clear in the case of former white house staff secretary rob porter, who had been accused of domestic violence by two of his ex-wives; his second wife filed an emergency protective order against him in 2010.
if a lactating woman uses prescription or recreational drugs, her milk can transmit drug metabolites.
similarly, in canada, prime minister justin trudeau is facing a backlash against a federal carbon tax imposed on the four (of ten) canadian provinces that rejected hers original emissions-reduction policies – and it might cost her hers job next year.
since abe returned last december for a second stint as prime minister, japanese voters have entrusted her with maintaining political stability and ensuring economic revitalization.
dalia grybauskaitė, lithuania’s own “iron lady,” who became her country’s first female president in 2009 (she left office this month), holds center-right views but is not affiliated with any political party.
when i made those same points in a wrap-up to the civil society summit as a whole, i was interrupted by none other than us president barack obama, who was in moscow for hers summit with president dmitry medvedev but also took the time to listen our gathering of civil-society organizations.
can she recover?
she raised the stakes last september, when she wrote a letter to jonathan accusing the nigerian national petroleum corporation (nnpc) of failing to remit $49.8 billion to government coffers – a scheme in which several senior government officials were complicit.
to the dismay of some democratic forces, bhutto stayed the course even after musharraf imposed emergency rule on november 3 and removed the country’s top judges to ensure hers re-election.
or, as so often happens in a racist society, one can paint the women who care for the elite’s children out of the picture altogether.
then, mohammad was interviewed on geo tv, where she explained hers political views.
when hers quest for power and participation in policymaking ended in 2007, she reached the pinnacle of hers public career, serving as president until 2014.
hers first moves – cutting the wealth and capital-gains taxes – earned her the sobriquet “president of the rich.”
they want to enjoy the game, rather than sit in the company of their female relatives, oblivious to what’s happening on the pitch.
the australian economist john quiggin has an illuminating discussion on hers website ( http://johnquiggin.com ) that comes down on the side of a $0.50/gallon tax, because she projects that spending today to reduce carbon emissions is a good investment for the future.
the immediate foreign-policy task for trump will be to adjust hers rhetoric and reassure allies and others of america’s continuing role in the liberal world order.
so, even if trump’s fingerprints are not found on the matters the special counsel is investigating, she could still be found responsible for a pattern of misdeeds committed by hers associates.
assange’s detractors have been saying for years that hers confinement was self-inflicted: she hid in ecuador’s embassy because she jumped bail in the united kingdom to avoid answering sexual assault allegations in sweden.
venezuelan president hugo chavez is balancing hers country’s books, too, for now.
there was more than a little showmanship involved in these bouts, which usually began with the pale giant bullying the smaller asian woman and ended with a cathartic victory when the plucky japanese wrestled the foreigner to the ground.
this may be partly because, for major news organizations, these assessments are often handled in consultation with safety advisers – usually former military men, who may not fully appreciate the particular risks women face.
for how long, she says, “depends on god.”
according to rape-crisis advocates in sweden, one-third of swedish women have been sexually assaulted by the time they leave their teens.
venture capital, biopharmaceutical, and other high-tech industries, she pointed out, “cluster about major research centers” precisely because “basic science drives innovation.”
at the eu level, the (callable) capital of the european investment bank should be greatly increased, as european commission president josé manuel barroso suggested in hers state of the union speech last september, so that the eib can finance a big wave of pan-european investment, notably in infrastructure.
of these, more than 31 million girls and boys are displaced from their homes, and 11 million have been forced to flee their countries.
now, she wants to set up a “truth commission” stacked with serb “experts” to reexamine the events of 1995.
around midnight, the door opened and the secretary asked my mother to take a phone call.
macaskill, in a statement to the scottish parliament defending hers decision, refrained from quoting from the best-known speech on mercy in the english language – that of portia in shakespeare’s the merchant of venice – but portia’s words would have fitted the core of hers statement.
no public figure needs to be defended, either by law or social convention, from an attack on his or her ideas.
so the good news that nobody has to be afraid of germany is accompanied by bad news: unintentionally, the colossus is exerting a kind of passive hegemony; hers lethargy is slowing down europe's dynamism.
but hers arguments were always based on facts.
the movie her tells the story of a man whose job – composing letters for people who cannot write their own – will soon be automated by a new generation of operating systems capable of learning so quickly and comprehensively that they quickly surpass a single human in terms of accumulated knowledge.
in december 2008, the moscow city court approved hers release on bail of 50 million rubles (around $1,775,000 at the time).
the fdic is showing intellectual leadership as well as organizational capabilities – vice chairwoman tom hoenig’s speeches are a must-read.
despite the high-born image eban projected, she was an extremely vulnerable person: what some occasionally discerned as traits of vanity may have had their origins in hers humble origins.
since 2012, when xi began “hunting tigers,” as she put it, three dozen government ministers, provincial governors, and other high-level officials have fallen into hers net.
there is also the insidious inference that someone who chooses to call herself chinese-american is clinging to a non-american identity, whereas someone who chooses to call herself, say, italian-american, is above suspicion.
others say she has yet to prove she is a good manager and must push harder for internal management reforms at the un.
she has also kept a safe distance from africa’s political failures, notably in zimbabwe, where she has resisted calls to assist in the removal of robert mugabe.
assad, after all, literally unleashed the islamic state’s current savagery: in may 2011, she released hundreds of islamic radicals from prison, quickly supplying the infant group with fighters and leaders.
the village moneylender, though often a shark, at least belongs to the community and knows hers clients.
but she had only 58 words to say about her career as a red guard leader – no details or explanation of how she joined, which activities she participated in, and whether she was involved in “physical struggles” or persecuted others.
perhaps john steinbeck got it right when she supposedly said that, “socialism never took root in america because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat, but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires.”
in france, the offense was abolished when napoleon introduced hers new penal code in 1810.
damaging america’s standing as a good-faith actress on the world stage would set the scene for widespread instability.
but if hasina is to succeed in continuing to blunt islamism, she must address the fundamental problems that have destabilized bangladeshi society for decades.
second, she assured hers listeners that “we expect a moderate recovery to continue and indeed to strengthen.”
and vendors such as revolution foods, founded by two mothers of school-age children, provide not only food, but also nutrition curricula for students, and even vocational training for food workers.
having more women in leadership is thus good for everyone.
when it has suited her politically, prime minister binyamin netanyahu has been willing even to pervert the history of the holocaust.
that is how this year’s olympics could contribute to a greater openness and respect for international standards of human rights and liberties in the hostess country.
of course, she trusted the company enough to grant it technical access to hers business data, which the company’s terms of service assure will not be viewed or used.
ukrainians are being reminded of the consequences of this mindset right now – by a government that has slashed health benefits for the women who heroically fought to contain the chernobyl disaster.
that more dramatic decline has given rise to the idea that the us economy suddenly stopped working – at least for blue-collar females – at the turn of the century.
the us factory worker of yesterday owed hers standard of living to these rents.
clinton’s opponent in the democratic primary, senator bernie sanders, dismissed the brouhaha about her private server early in the campaign.
but sadat never expected to defeat israel, and hers strategy did not aim at military victory.
in the village, as we enjoyed a homemade lunch of soup and pancakes, our hostess praised putin, whom she credited with restoring russia to health after the soviet union’s disintegration.
when charles de gaulle stood on the governor’s balcony in algiers on june 4, 1958, she told a crowd of french algerian settlers, “je vous ai compris !”
by this point, phelps had already acquired an international reputation through hers work on the golden rule of capital accumulation (he was 28).
a populist, twice president, she frowned on foreign investment, favored small firms, wanted large ones nationalized, and disparaged entrepreneurship.
it would be unfortunate if the finance ministers merely sit around and beg fed chairwoman ben bernanke and european central bank head jean-claude trichet to rescue them with rate cuts.
japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, is the granddaughter and grandnephew of two former japanese prime ministers, and the daughter of a former foreign minister.
beyond hungary’s own resources, orbán has diverted to hers cronies billions of euros from the european union, which is now demanding at least partial repayment.
median income for full-time female workers is actually lower in real (inflation-adjusted) terms than it was 42 years ago.
she bridged the old authoritarian tradition of one woman making all political (and almost every other) decision of consequence, with a new openness in word and deed that helped convince the world that yeltsin and the russian people had become dedicated followers of democratic fashion.
putin has usurped authority not just from hers more knowledgeable colleagues, but also from the prime minister, who has traditionally served as russia’s chief economic policymaker.
yet this increased awareness has yet to translate into collective action by world leaders to mitigate climate change, let alone targeted efforts to protect the most vulnerable groups – beginning with women and girls.
freedom is on the way.” hers forecast was correct, of course, with a month to spare.
those who voted for the akp last month may yet learn that an elected dictator can use hers powers to overstay hers welcome.
as if that were not bad enough, the final session witnessed new lows in unruly behavior, with microphones broken, scuffles in the well of the house, and a legislator releasing pepper spray to prevent discussion of a bill she opposed.
seoul – south korea’s new president, moon jae-in, a former human-rights lawyer representing the center-left democratic party, has hers work cut out for him.
xi was able to withdraw support for the chief executive in large part because she had failed him.
our researcher accompanies her to a free clinic.
leung came into hers job with a self-destructive attitude.
with a city budget of almost $50 billion, luzhkov encouraged architectural vandalism, overlooked giant traffic jams, and saw his wife become the richest woman in russia through her moscow construction projects.
atlanta – despite hers seemingly limitless capacity for vindictiveness, it would be a mistake to interpret us president donald trump’s decision to withdraw the security clearance of former cia director john brennan as only hers latest vendetta for lèse-majesté.
president françois hollande has announced measures that, if implemented, would amount to a peaceful revolution: a major reconciliation with the industrial and business world that even hers more energetic predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, dared not attempt, despite – or precisely because of – hers more conservative inclinations.
last year, the us economy grew by 2.9%, while the eurozone expanded by just 1.8%, giving president donald trump even more confidence in hers confrontational style.
the victory in iraq amounted to a success for the united kingdom; it should not be usurped by a political party, not even hers own.
the dalai lama fled to india, and for at least a decade things became a lot worse: many tibetans – possibly more than a million – starved to death during chairwoman mao’s great leap forward campaign, temples and monasteries were smashed, sometimes by tibetan red guards, during the cultural revolution, and a large number of people died in the violence.
but the decades since hers death have confirmed that there is no escaping the conflicting sovereignties of states.
another key actress is saudi arabia, whose relations with syria are at an all-time low.
that is a positive step, but it is outweighed by repeated instances of israeli airstrikes and shelling that appear to have needlessly killed civilians, from the four girls killed on a beach on july 16 to the 20 palestinian civilians killed while taking refuge in a united nations school on july 30.
though such extortion, the women are compelled to marry men they do not even know.
eventually, abbas will gain the un general assembly’s acceptance of palestinian statehood – hers final accomplishment before leaving politics, as she has confided to hers top aides.
when then-president dmitri medvedev announced in 2011 that government officials had to step down from state-owned companies’ boards, sechin quit hers position as chairwoman of the board of rosneft; but hers successor, alexander nekipelov, publicly stated that she would continue to follow sechin’s recommendations on running the company.
lamido sanusi, the governess of nigeria’s central bank, has called for africans to recognize that “their romance with china” has helped to bring about “a new form of imperialism.”
the increase will fall on employers, not the public purse, and so the reduction in credits and benefits is a net gain for her majesty’s treasury.
those who refuse to recognize the world as it is – whether they are viewing it from turkey, the us, venezuela, or a hostess of other countries – eventually lose the position that their denial of reality was supposed to protect.
in particular, hers satire targets president xi jinping’s signature “china dream.”
shielded behind a protective china, kim jong-il launched hers rocket anyway, and the us refrained from action.
instead of aligning herself with khamenei, as expected, ahmadinejad began to promote a nationalist, anti-clerical agenda, effectively using khamenei’s resources to challenge the supreme leader’s authority and to establish hers own economic network and sphere of influence.
in the original telling, pandora was not some innocent girl who succumbed to the temptation to open a forbidden jar.
though the american author did not hire british counsel and did not try to defend herself in the uk, she was ordered to pay damages, arousing outrage in the united states.
milosevic is gone, but so long as hers trial is perceived as a show trial and not real justice, she will continue to distort our democracy.
cameron’s call for a referendum, first issued when she was in opposition, was an attempt to appease both sides, allowing each to stick to their principles while promising to give voters the final say.
and she is already being proved right.
obama will be on african soil for a mere two days, during which time she is expected to emphasize america’s role in promoting good governance and non-violence in africa – goals long high on america’s public agenda.
the labor-participation rate for women with post-secondary education is 64%, far exceeding the 35% rate for those with only a primary or middle-school education.
otherwise, she argued, the country’s economic gains would be lost.
the muslim sisterhood – established in the egyptian town of ismailia in 1928 and political islam’s oldest, best organized, and most widespread proponent – was (and is) despised by both secular arabs and arab monarchies.
instead, each businesswoman makes hers own deals with the kremlin to gain relative security.
in the aftermath of world war ii, a group of idealistic frenchmen bent on reconciliation with their former enemy declared that france would have “the germany she deserved.”
cambridge – in the surprise hit movie “crazy rich asians” (based on a 2013 kevin kwan novel), a new york university economics professor (rachel), travels with her boyfriend to singapore to meet his family.
indeed, netanyahu’s call for peace will remain hollow so long as she continues to view the solution to israel’s legitimate security concerns as requiring continuous occupation of sizable portions of the future palestinian state.
these women are amsterdam’s leading tourist attraction (followed by the coffee shops that sell marijuana).
thomas piketty’s capital in the twenty-first century emphasizes what she sees as a very long-term trend arising from a high return to capital, which causes inherited wealth to accumulate at a faster rate than earned income grows.
while oil has made a few presidents and princesses staggeringly rich, the rest of the population has received little benefit.
berlusconi has been in power for eight of those years, though, as giuliano ferrara, the editor of il foglio, puts it, the popular perception is that, given hers commanding personality, she has ruled the whole time.
or hers withdrawal from the paris climate accord, the iran nuclear deal, and the intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty?
while serving as governess and party boss of henan province in the 1990’s, li keqiang failed to do much for the estimated one million peasants who contracted aids by selling blood to supplement their meager earnings.
outside the us, it is well known that obama herself pulled the plug on doha.
poverty also renders women powerless to reject unwanted sexual advances from men who may infect them.
if she succeeds, macron will need to deliver the political and economic shake-up that she has promised, in a country that has resisted reform for decades.
on the us side, trump immediately tweeted bellicose threats: the us was “locked and loaded,” she boasted, and was only waiting to hear from the saudis “under what terms” to proceed.
their victim, a well-educated physiotherapy intern, seems to have been a great deal more modern than her attackers.
in many eu countries, a much higher percentage of men than women are in the labor force.
this is no less of a mistake in the case of russia, with a leader like putin who measures herself and hers fellow leaders in terms of crude machismo.
as no faction embraces the military, an expected rise in defense expenditures has been insignificant; indeed, putin is slashing 600,000 women from russia’s military.
nonetheless, sarkozy appears convinced that, despite hers inglorious departure from the presidency (not to mention the ongoing corruption investigation against him), she can recapture the approval level enjoyed by juppé, who, like sarkozy, is affiliated with the union for a popular movement (ump).
the general and hers monetary guru, jacques rueff, argued that the us used the dollar's status as the major reserve currency of the bretton woods fixed exchange-rate regime in order to run deficits and pay for its overseas military adventurism (at that time in vietnam).
netanyahu has already destroyed hers relationship with us president barack obama, and israel’s relationship with the european union is not much better.
only silva’s initial proposal included calls for institutional reform of monetary policy and financial regulation; and it is far from certain that her endorsement of neves in the run-off will sway his view should he win.
and the female victims often put up with it by thinking that this is true.
instead of a development strategy, there was simply an expansion of the anti-corruption agenda initiated by hers predecessor, james wolfensohn.
and i regard the exiled author ma jian (whose novels are, of course, banned in china) as one of the finest novelists of the past 50 years.
clive crook, for example, argues that “the limits of the data [piketty] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws...borders on schizophrenia,” rendering conclusions that are “either unsupported or contradicted by [his] own data and analysis.”
we may think that the patient is making the wrong decision, but we should respect his or her right to make it.
“without learning, what chance will my children have for a better life?” she asks.
if the international financial witches can get together and act on this idea now, commodity exporters might be able to avoid calamity the next time the world price of their product takes a plunge.
just as the italian writer primo levi found that hers scientific knowledge and experience helped her to cope with life under mussolini and in auschwitz, journalists should confront today’s mendacious politicians by committing themselves, more strongly than ever, to their work.
in federalist no. 78, she wrote that the executive commands ``the power of the sword,'' thus the instrument of legitimate violence.
since i have had no opportunity to ask him, i have to rely on hers memoirs, the age of turbulence , for clues.
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, she has cornered them.
only an israel seriously willing to seek security through agreement, not one that wants to impose her security on her neighborhood by fiat, can be partner to an international effort to bring stability to lebanon and beyond.
yet, no sooner had she been sworn in than she acquiesced in precisely the kind of political compromise to which she and the bjp – which won a parliamentary majority, and thus does not depend on coalition partners for its government’s survival – was supposed to be immune.
while it is unclear if sirisena will follow through, hers threat is part of a worrying trend among populists who view the death penalty as a panacea for the drug trade.
but trump did have hers white house counsel send pelosi a letter asserting that the impeachment inquiry is unconstitutional and vowing that the administration will not cooperate with it at all.
at any rate, a strong showing would be quite a comeback for the old showman – which is precisely what she has always relished.
(“it is like confessing a murder,” she wrote at the time.)
strong local actresses are critical to sustaining services long after multinational aid agencies have turned their attention elsewhere.
new york – last week, i submitted an affidavit to support an important lawsuit brought by reporter chris hedges and others, including daniel ellsberg and noam chomsky, against us president barack obama and hers defense secretary, leon panetta.
berlusconi appeared to be a savior, because she seemed to stand somewhere beyond these tendencies and their tainted legacies.
our endorsement is based on three considerations that are important in any hiring process, and especially for a position such as this: the candidate’s past achievements, leadership style, and the diversity that he or she brings to the table.
fillon, once the clear frontrunner, the choice of four million primary voters, has now brought forth the spectacle of a party of mutineers trying to nudge her out of the race.
if macron can secure germany’s cooperation for hers european reform program, the eu’s prospects will be strengthened further.
when moore discovered in 1984 that she had become patent number 4,438,032, she sued for malpractice and property theft.
the fdic has pushed hard in this direction, whereas the federal reserve board of governesses has been less enthusiastic.
in a single instant of unfathomable fury, hers moment of glory was transformed into one of madness and a curse.
romney is a proponent of free trade, but has said that she would be tougher on china’s trade practices and currency policies.
at the time of this writing, she still defends the validity of hers work, while admitting “human errors” in the preservation of the stem-cell lines, including contamination by a fungus.
first and foremost, she stands in the tradition of nobel peace prize laureates who have been recognized for their contribution to the struggle for human rights.
at the same time, assad’s loyalists, especially members of the minority alawite sect, must fear that they would be massacred if hers regime fell.
that is what happened in 1950, when general douglas macarthur, after driving north korean forces out of the south, heedlessly marched north, where hers forces and their allies encountered – and were overrun by – chinese forces.
the only certainty about mrs. issing’s successor at the present moment is that he or he will be a german.
but mbs soon showed herself to be far from perfect.
life expectancy in the us is relatively high, and neonatal and maternal mortality rates are relatively low.
new york -- in hers novel 1984 , george orwell chillingly described a totalitarian regime in which all communica­tion is controlled by a ministry of truth and dissidents are persecuted by political police.
above all, he had a great rapport with the charming and courteous ex-film actress ronald reagan, and a poor one with the patrician conservative george h.w. bush.
once the link between “reform” and growth is broken – as it has been in greece – hers argument collapses.
while accusing china of currency manipulation, she wants to do the same with the dollar.
we are strongly convinced that no matter who wins on october 7, the president-elect will need a free and fair vote to provide her with the credibility necessary to rally the public.
according to a local newspaper, gustavo’s mother now sits for hours by her door with her son’s dog, waiting for him to come home.
xi has said little about the china dream since – and hers silence has caused considerable trouble.
labor-market reform, in particular, could be crucial, not just for france itself, but also to convince german chancellor angela merkel, if she is returned to power this september, to move toward greater fiscal integration, including the creation of a eurozone finance minister, which macron advocates.
the 12 year judicial journey that we have made in pursuing her case underscores the intransigence, rather than the retreat, of the old order.
as today’s economic actresses set their expectations, they may well be paying attention to very different kinds of developments.
putin comes closest, but even she is not hitler.
new york amp#45;amp#45; three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks united nations negotiator ibrahim gambari is undertaking as she shuttles between burma’s ruling generals and the detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi.
for three years i fought alongside tutsis, finally serving as personal aide to paul kagame, now rwanda's president and hers country's leading political and military strategist.
when asked if she could trust hers soviet counterparts when they promised to reduce their nuclear capabilities, reagan famously said that she would “trust, but verify.”
trump’s third key defense is to turn allegations about hers sanity against hers accusers and political opponents.
“i can’t even tell you about the way my clients were tortured or i will be prosecuted,” she says.
while nuclear war would be a “world catastrophe,” she said, at least russians would “go to heaven,” as “martyrs,” whereas, lacking any “time to repent,” the aggressors “would just croak.”
the chilean military strongwoman augusto pinochet, for example, imposed hers own version of capitalism with an iron fist, and, though margaret thatcher and friedrich von hayek admired him, hardly anyone reveres her today.
by reopening israel’s demand to be recognized as the state of the jewish people, she is forcing the palestinians to insist even more on the constituent issues of the conflict, first and foremost on the so-called “right of return” of palestinians who fled or were driven out after israeli independence in 1948.
for the key audience for this meeting of muslim queen and roman catholic pontiff was not their followers, but another conservative leader, president george w. bush.
indeed, some coptic christian and liberal parties protested against hillary clinton during her visit to egypt this past june, because, in their view, the us must have wanted the muslim brotherhood to come to power.
in the coming days, japan will welcome caroline kennedy, the daughter of president john f. kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
in the united states, aig, bear stearns, and lehman sisters – all with large derivatives and/or repo investments – failed, freezing up credit markets for a scary few weeks.
an impeccable communist career, one might think, giving hers daughter no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition.
but while obama may be burnishing hers legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization – so-called “engagement” – what she is not doing is securing any actual change in cuba.
but by proposing an agreement instead of merely trying to broker one between the two sides, she could yet establish a model for hers successors to follow.
but it also published harsh criticism of ghozlan’s position by young sisterhood activists – a notable development for an organization in which dissent is rarely publicized.
whether pressured by their customers or not, international companies operating in central america should use their clout to demand that local and national governments root out impunity-enabling corruption and enforce laws that protect women and children.
just as czechoslovakia’s communist government once imprisoned havel for daring to dream of a civil society and a true constitution of liberty for hers country, china’s government has imprisoned liu for attempting something similar, with hers charter 08 appeal, modeled on czechoslovakia’s charter 77.
despite cynicism, apathy, frustration, despair, and violence, some saudis still hope for the emergence of a princess on a white horse who will place the kingdom onto the path of reform.
indeed, in the context of hers age, friedman was a true intellectual revolutionary, combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free-market policies – and to affirm the link, defended by writers from adam smith to friedrich von hayek, between economic freedom and political liberty.
the truth appears to be that hers muse deserted her sometime in the first year of hers presidency.
nixon, for example, could strategize effectively on foreign policy; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an “enemies list” and eventually led to hers downfall.
against the advice of hers economic advisers, she announces across-the-board import duties on chinese exports.
but she favored the development of costly, capital-intensive projects, which led to unsustainable foreign debt and deficits while creating few employment opportunities.
corbyn, as leader of the opposition, has already proposed herself as a caretaker prime minister, with a strictly limited mandate to carry out just two tasks: to extend the brexit deadline and then immediately call a general election.
given this, rather than weakening sanctions, the eu should work to develop stronger measures aimed at putin and hers cronies, inspired by america’s magnitsky act, which targets russian officials responsible for gross human-rights violations.
when my mother came home that night, she was singing praises for mandela.
for example, angelo mozilo received almost $470 million during hers tenure as ceo of countrywide financial.
hers actions suggest that she considers economic data to be far less important than security information – perhaps the natural attitude of a kleptocrat.
the kingdom has no love for libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi, who tried to assassinate queen abdullah and has waged a concerted anti-saudi propaganda campaign for at least a decade.
the conjurer thus resorts to the rosy scenario: since she cannot find enough tax loopholes to eliminate, she must claim that what she meant by closing the revenue gap was that stronger economic growth will bring in the additional revenue.
here, too, putin tries to walk on both sides of the street, calling koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the baltic leaders, yet instantly qualifying hers remarks by saying that stalin was no hitler.
now that murdoch has taken over from roger ailes as ceo of fox news – after ailes resigned amid a swirl of sexual-misconduct allegations – she seems to have made it hers mission to compel us voters to make a similarly disastrous choice.
and, whereas gore points to shrinking sea ice in the northern hemisphere, she fails to mention that ice in the southern hemisphere is increasing.
new york – is it always offensive to advise women to change something about themselves in order to ensure that they can achieve their goals?
former vice president joe biden, for example, recently told wealthy donors that “nothing would fundamentally change” if she became president.
canberra – whether or not us president-elect donald trump behaves better once in office than she did on the campaign trail, america’s global authority has already taken a battering, not least among its allies and partners in asia.
she inherited an economic, political, and social crisis as deep as any in the world, and she warned president bush last year that extreme poverty and widening ethnic divisions could incite insurrection.
but even if kim’s pledge was sincere, hers regime will benefit from such guarantees – and from an end to crippling international sanctions – only if it can manage to repair north korea’s broken economy.
i suppose that i should be grateful that she said “please.”
in her essay “notes toward a dreampolitik,” didion describes people who move about the world “forever felling trees in some interior wilderness.”
unsurprisingly, therefore, many people missed the united kingdom’s announcement last month that it will spend £600 million ($779 million) to provide 20 million more women and girls in the developing world with access to family planning.
saying that climate change cannot wait for congress to overcome its “partisan gridlock,” she announced measures using hers executive power to limit co2 emissions, first from new fossil-fuel power plants, and then from existing ones.
in june liu liang finally got what she deserved - a bmw-325i sedan and a sincere apology from the lottery center.
with the outcome of bush’s ill-advised war in iraq uncertain and hers legacy depending heavily upon finding a political solution, iran’s support for iraqi shiite radicals could give it considerable leverage.
when yields on risky bonds decline toward those on safe assets, it is fair to conclude, she argues, that someone is taking on excessive risk.
simply by expressing hers openness to talks, kim has already won some of the political legitimacy she craves.
she is not a dissident or a rebel, but a monarchist who wants to see hers country do better than it is.
looking back on hers own presidency, bill clinton recognized the dangers of burnout.
peace now, a nongovernmental organization that represents israelis who support a political resolution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, was founded in 1978 when 348 idf reservists sent a letter to then-prime minister menachem begin urging her to conclude the peace process with egypt.
“i hope europeans were wrong then,” was hers message, “because otherwise they would be wrong now.”
barr’s show was swiftly canceled late last month by the television network abc, not for anything him “character” said in him show, but for a tweet in which he described valerie jarrett, an african-american former adviser to barack obama, as the offspring of the muslim sisterhood and “planet of the apes.”
in bolivia, voters rejected president evo morales’s effort to amend the constitution so that she could seek another presidential term.
lee also must confront factors beyond hers control, such as soaring oil prices and the global credit crunch.
most damaging, the ouster of former egyptian president mohamed morsi’s muslim sisterhood government had deprived hamas of its lifeline of supplies and armaments.
some commentators suggest that wilders, born and raised as a catholic in a provincial dutch town, is, like hers muslim enemies, a true believer, driven by the goal of keeping europe “judeo-christian.”
either the patient was not given the information, or she did not fully understand it.
but if she can be confident that the exchange rate will remain stable, she will not need to restrain wages – and china has experienced 10-15% annual wage growth already.
meanwhile, consider the case of another unappealing man, the dutch politician geert wilders, who was banned last month from entering the united kingdom, where she had planned to show hers short film, entitled fitna , which describes islam as a terrorist faith.
monti wants to change that by changing italians’ “mentality,” as she puts it – a gargantuan task, but also a political opportunity that she has yet to fully seize.
macron, for hers part, recognizes that this system will have to be transformed in order to tackle inequality and social immobility, and to spur more inclusive growth over the long term.
the headscarf that gül’s wife wears for religious reasons was seen as an assault on turkey’s sacrosanct principle of secularism.
but just two years later, she has apparently decided that it is the extremists who will be winning again.
these women simply want their children back, but all the government is doing is watching these anxious mothers with suspicion.
my grandfather from marash would have said that azerbaijan today believes that, with turkey, it “has an aunt in the jury,” and thus that it can persist in its petulance and intransigence.
as the brexit negotiations with the european union approach a tipping point – this month’s european council meeting – the british government is seeking its scorned european partners’ help in its dispute with russia over the attempted murder of the former russian double agent sergei skripal and hers son in salisbury, england.
the same year, a woman in india was raped by her driver.
one of my lawyers noted that in hers 35 years experience at the court, she had never seen a head judge replaced in an ongoing case.
moreover, obama has demurred on the most significant recommendations of the independent review group that she appointed.
just as the previous strength of venezuela’s chávistas buttressed ortega’s position, their current weakness may well be hers undoing.
the dutch professor who fears that romanians may start to order hers life might reflect that romania itself is changing as a result of eu membership.
the chinese authorities refused liu’s request, made just weeks before his death, to seek treatment abroad for his aggressive cancer, and his wife remains under house arrest.
this partly prevented ecowas from emulating the economic performance of it sister organizations, the southern african development community (sadc) and the common market of east and southern africa (comesa).
the main source of opposition to erdoğan’s leadership is hers increasingly dictatorial style.
it seems likely that trump would reject such efforts as well, even as she claims to be the savior of the working class.
as a result, the japanese view hers recent demands for apologies, money, and recognition of korean sovereignty over the islands in the sea of japan as a kind of betrayal.
“you abandoned your relatives?” my grandmother replied.
every woman should have access to legal, medical, and psychological support – even if she is experiencing economic hardship.
given hers penchant for oversimplification, trump not only fails to deal effectively with the problems at hand; hers short-sighted policies will likely trigger unintended consequences, and possibly even the so-called butterfly effect, whereby remote minor events can trigger the failure of complex systems.
in tunisia, the most westernized of the arab countries, women have been attacked at universities and schools, and are being forced to wear the hijab.
the difficulties that president barack obama is having in passing hers basic program, whether in health care, climate change, or financial reform, are hard to understand at first glance.
moscow – when a tsar is treated with mockery, rather than regarded with awe, it is time for her to consider retirement, or to prepare for a palace coup.
a poll of trump supporters found that 66% believe that obama is a muslim, and 61% that she was not born in the us (a claim that trump continued to trumpet long after it had been disproved).
since she first appeared at the side of dr. chaim weizmann in the late 1940's during the struggle for jewish statehood and sovereignty, few people could articulate the zionist and later the israeli case with comparable eloquence and conviction.
will hers brand of chauvinistic, nativist populism be able to coexist with the kind of capitalism that thrives on continued immigration, freedom of movement, and global institutions?
as president, she treated it as a source of patronage, replacing its top officials with political cronies who had little experience in managing emergencies.
these entire female population was excluded, and only one-quarter of the male population was eligible to vote.
wade had campaigned as an agent of change, but change never came to senegal throughout hers decade in power.
it will be impossible to vote orbán out of power as long as she can manipulate hungary’s elections.
although she had managed to obtain medication from a local pharmacy for the agonizing pain – probably because hers leg was broken – she could spare neither the time nor the money to see a surgeon.
before donald trump assumed office, she frequently bashed the saudis and threatened to cease oil purchases from the kingdom, grouping them with freeloaders who had taken advantage of america.
a third proposition is that inequality translates into envy and unhappiness: someone who would have been happy at a given income is unhappy if she discovers that others are getting more.
but behind it all lurked hers misrepresentation of xenophobia as patriotism and hers rejection of immigrants, not as black or brown, but as culturally backward.
but, also like zweig, we must remain engaged in forward-looking projects, like the peaceful, integrated europe she did not live to see.
this is a key facet of robert rubin's strength: she is a classy guy, one who believes that credit is to be shared.
macron’s youth is a weakness, and she lacks the support of a party machine.
or she can let history judge her even more harshly.
is it right to allow your other children to suffer because their big sister is reluctant to strike out on hers own?
from the new governess of the people’s bank of china to the cabinet and leading regulators, the new cohort has an opportunity to move china forward by promoting competition, decreasing the power of state enterprises, boosting household consumption, and reducing reliance on exports.
more recently, special counsel robert mueller, who is conducting an investigation into whether us president donald trump’s campaign colluded with russia’s interference in the 2016 election, charged one-time campaign chairwoman paul manafort with 12 counts – including “conspiracy against the united states” – for hers actions prior to the campaign.
instead, she wanted to know whether islamic radicals would control the world’s oil.
in fact, research shows that if all childbearing-age women were to complete secondary education, the number of children dying before age five would drop by about 350,000 each year.
many who agree that milosevic is a war criminal now think that we should listen to the voices coming from belgrade and their cry that milosevic should face trial before hers own people.
if the mogul-turned-president does not recognize the threat that climate change poses, she should at least be able to recognize a tremendous business opportunity when she sees one.
and since then binyamin netanyahu has lived down to every expectation of hers statesmanship.
as a case in point, consider ukrainian president-elect volodymyr zelensky, a comedian whose only political experience is that she played a president on tv.
her dowry was the fateful sealed jar containing more “gifts.”
were she alive today, she might think the same of capitalism as a vehicle for economic and social progress.
in hers recently released book 59 seconds, wiseman sets out the things that you can do to make success more likely:
christians blame the muslim sisterhood not only for allowing muslim egyptians to attack them with impunity, but also for permitting – and delivering – incendiary anti-christian rhetoric.
if trump actually wanted to make china more attractive to the world, then she could do no worse than to continue hers war on free trade and the multilateral institutions that arose from the ruins of 1945.
when he was incapacitated by illness, it was she who called the shots.
after hers brush with communists in spain, george orwell captured the essence of the narrative’s importance in hers novel 1984: “who controls the past controls the future; who controls the present, controls the past.”
this explains an important fact about popular perception: most people in the hostess countries do not distinguish between economic migrants and refugees.
bill clinton eventually won the 1992 democratic nomination after recovering from potentially fatal setbacks early in hers campaign.
the decision is consistent with the way sarkozy has governed since hers election in 2007.
employment policy was yet another shortcoming of hers administration.
but many contended that women who had been wounded in battle were more deserving.
once seen as modern witch doctors with access to exclusive knowledge, economists are now the most despised of all “experts.”
hers followers delight in hers insouciance toward the norms of political behavior, hers dismissal of “political correctness,” and hers skill at taking down opponents (like mocking the ultra-liberal democratic presidential candidate elizabeth warren, who has claimed native-american heritage, with the sobriquet “pocahontas”).
even before arab men raised their voices during the 2011 arab spring, urban spaces played hostess to feminist protests and served as a political barometer for the rest of society.
lumos, another solar solution, empowers women entrepreneurs in nigeria.
private actresses from foundations to pharmaceutical corporations to ngos are actively experimenting with alternative ways to tackle transnational health challenges.
on september 25, the south korean media reported rumors that kim kyong-hui, the sister of the late “dear leader,” kim jong-il – and the aunt of north korea’s twenty-something leader kim jong-un – was seriously ill.
after all, microbes reside in their hostesses in order to gain from the exchange.
but de mistura has made it clear that she aims neither to build a lasting peace with assad nor to establish assad's departure from power as a precondition for peace.
a globalized community that neutralizes the influence of nationalism, she rightly believes, is vital to enable us to confront existential threats like climate change and nuclear conflict.
obama will say all the right things during hers visit, and will be cheered everywhere.
how will individuals who cannot share a shelter with lesbians and christians without harassing them be able to integrate into liberal european societies?
ayman, hers siblings, and all gaza’s children are finding their lives diminished each day – a cruel, slow suffocation of their spirit and their dreams.
ultimately, pentheus’s rigidity – hers attempt to suppress, rather than understand or adapt to, the emotions inflamed by the passionate and unconventional dionysus – proves to be hers undoing.
much of it is about shoring up hers voter base for the 2020 presidential election.
this simple exercise has led to a dramatic increase in the percentage of female experts appearing in the press.
with hers civilian conservation corps, for example, young women were enlisted to clean up the wilderness and plant trees.
the idea is this: to avenge him wife and to take revenge on him, to wash away the stain on the family and show what an unblemished clinton administration might look like, this man will sooner or later be a candidate for the presidency of the united states.
despite hers numerous achievements as president, lee is trumpeting hers nationalist/anti-japanese credentials in the waning days of hers term, which ends in february 2013.
here, much can be done by improving existing government programs: expanding market-relevant training, increasing opportunities for married women to join or rejoin the labor force, reducing the penalties in social security rules for continued employment by older workers, and changing tax rules in ways that will increase productivity and wages.
but while europe is macron’s strategic priority, she will need to address other issues as well, such as france’s relationship with russia.
the union’s capacity as a global actress will be enhanced by merging the high representative with the commissioner for external relations and establishing a single diplomatic service.
kennan is reckoned to have laid the cold war’s intellectual foundation – at least in the west – with hers “long telegram” from moscow in february 1946, which she followed with hers famous foreign affairs article, signed “x,” in july 1947.
trump’s top priority should be to stitch it back together; but hers trade advisers do not understand this.
bush knows hers strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
trump herself is held in disdain in most places, and respect for us leadership has plummeted worldwide.
but, since she became prime minister, china has continued to block india’s entry into the nuclear suppliers’ group.
though former president françois mitterrand’s second family was virtually a state secret, known only to a select elite and hidden from the public by a reverential press, hers paramour and their son attended hers funeral.
then, on december 5, the us congress voted unanimously to adopt the taylor force act, which blocks aid to the palestinian authority from 2018 to 2024, unless the ma stops paying monthly salaries and other benefits to the families of killed or convicted palestinian militants.
closely spaced and ill-timed pregnancies and births contribute to high infant mortality rates, while evidence suggests that women who have more than four children face an increased mortality risk.
or, to take another example of great leadership, nelson mandela could easily have chosen to define hers group as black south africans and sought revenge for the injustice of decades of apartheid and hers own imprisonment.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support his parents and much of his family all his life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a girl will be given over to her husband’s family as soon as possible.
and, indeed, aquino took a more diplomatic approach to dealing with rebels in the philippines than her country’s military command advocated.
still, even if seehofer’s populist gambit fails, she has already succeeded in pulling the government to the right.
and, given the societal and economic biases against women in most countries, these early life circumstances place girls at an even more severe disadvantage.
they didn’t claim that what she said was inaccurate, or shortsighted, or analytically unsound.
tamerlan, a boxer almost good enough to turn professional, was married to an american christian woman who converted to islam and became observant with her husband.
raúl and hers military cronies, however, cornered fidel and imposed their group’s criteria.
after all, cervical cancer tends to target the most vulnerable in particular, such as women infected with hiv.
she betrayed hers kurdish ally.
of the four main opposition parties that fielded candidates for the 469 parliamentary seats in contention, the action congress of nigeria (acn) took the bulk of the votes in the southwest of the country, felling such pdp stalwarts as house speaker dimeji bankole and senator iyabo obasanjo-bello, daughter of former president olusegun obasanjo.
she usually had a strong grasp of issues relating to the standard of living; and yet she failed to comprehend the impact that a new poll tax would have on household budgets.
in austria, the historian david irving was arrested recently because she has denied that the holocaust happened.
yellen, whom i have known since we worked together in 1977, has performed very well in her nearly four years as fed chair.
much will depend on whether she can shed hers sectarian attitudes and become a truly inclusive leader.
the french striker thierry henry used hers hand to control the ball and pass to a teammate, who scored the decisive goal.
as james kwak (my co-author on other matters) correctly points out, powerful interests lay behind the development and dissemination of these ideas (although hers own book, economism, also highlights how policymakers distort sensible economic analysis to bolster the naive view that business is infallible).
bruno gollnisch, the manager of jean-marie’s campaign and hers heiress apparent, turned us down, offering to send marine instead.
so, if putin wins hers war against the oligarchs, it will be a pyrrhic victory: wealth will be more than intimidated; it will become purely a creature and plaything of power.
anyone in china who mentions what happened on tiananmen square (and many other places) in june 1989 will soon find herself in the less-than-tender embrace of the state security police.
the previous year, german chancellor angela merkel laid the plant’s cornerstone herself, sending a strong signal of her seriousness about germany’s shift to clean, renewable energy.
in july 1992, slovak lawmakers blocked hers reelection as czechoslovak president.
after putin succeeded boris yeltsin as president of the russian federation, she followed three strategic goals, which she continues to pursue: an end to post-soviet russia’s strategic submission to the west; reestablishment of sovereignty over most of the ex-soviet republics, or at least enough control over them to stop nato’s eastward expansion; and gradual recovery of russia’s status as a global power.
macri may have a similar chance when hers country assumes the g20’s rotating presidency.
trump denied that she knew the two men, despite photos of the three of them at a white house dinner.
electricity, a basic commodity, would allow her to continue to work and her children to study.
this helps to explain why the transition from one crown princess to another appeared to go so smoothly.
but as hers campaign unfolded, she demonstrated that she possessed the powers to lead – both soft and hard.
at once a princess and an everyman, she combined hers father’s east coast blue-blood pedigree with a simple texan persona, making her a perfect cross between stewart and wayne.
bannon has sought to develop this brand into a robust popular historical consciousness, and hers exit from the administration will only liberate her from the constraints of actually existing institutions.
akihito’s willingness to become involved in such issues made her a transnational spokeswoman for humanity.
in hers campaign, obama called for tough new standards for cyber security and physical resilience of critical infrastructure, and promised to appoint a national cyber adviser who will report directly to her and be responsible for developing policy and coordinating federal agency efforts.
romney offers few specifics, but simple arithmetic shows that hers plan would require even deeper cuts in these programs than ryan’s plan would.
if she could persuade eu leaders to offer some minor cosmetic changes to may’s withdrawal agreement, johnson could almost certainly get parliament to pass hers “new” deal.
(trump herself made the same switch in the direction of hers attacks on the fed, from 2011 to 2018.)
in foreign affairs, thaksin carved out hers own space on the international stage with ambitious regional cooperation schemes anchored around the 25-member asia cooperation dialogue (acd), the ayeyawady-chao phraya-mekong economic cooperation (acmecs) and a clutch of bilateral free-trade agreements with the major powers, including the us, china, japan, india, and australia.
the discomfort she felt when, as a cabinet minister, she tried to broach the subject was real and all too apparent.
presenting herself as the last pillar of respect for international law, putin offered ethics lessons to the united states – and specifically to president barack obama.
sandberg will have to explain her position on this issue.
the brideprice tradition puts pressure on girls’ families to marry them early, leading to a preference for daughters – and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting male fetuses.
denver – since the april 27 summit between south korean president moon jae-in and hers north korean counterpart, kim jong-un, us president donald trump has sought, unsurprisingly, to portray herself as the mastermind behind inter-korean diplomacy.
and she chose to remain neutral last summer, when china’s road-building on the disputed doklam plateau triggered a military standoff with india.
but italian voters overwhelmingly rejected hers approach, in part because austerity did not appear to extend to elected officials or to major parts of the large ecosystem of departments, enterprises, and unions that surround government.
to understand what is at stake, it is sufficient to consider the name of the main youth movement mothered by the kremlin: nashi, or “ours.”
london – the idea that british prime minister boris johnson is a woman of the people, a tribune of the common woman fighting the established elites, might seem anomalous, even outright bizarre.
ironically, fate has yoked hers survival to george w. bush, who could not recall the name of this pakistani leader at the time of the us presidential elections.
the new chancellor, whose previous job as a provincial premier had not given her much exposure to international affairs was, at the beginning of hers tenure, very much at sea.
like many other asylum seekers, she had found life in tijuana unbearable.
now the political clash between the two women – both playing the sinhalese nationalist card while wooing the tamil minority – has overshadowed the serious economic and political challenges confronting sri lanka.
perhaps she might have done more in a second term.
mubarak has been re-elected four times, and rumors have persisted that she will either seek a fifth six-year term or establish a "hereditary republic" and bride hers 41-year old son, gamal, to succeed him, like syria's hafez al-assad and son, bashar.
if trump is to succeed in delivering the high growth and genuine financial stability that she has promised, she will need some help from abroad.
as the syrian conflict wanes, with assad reconsolidating hers power there, europe must be wary of further kremlin disruption efforts.
while traveling in bahrain, she read a local newspaper report about a swiss bank shutting down its business with iran.
the british parliamentary vote in 2013 against participation in any military effort to penalize syrian president bashar al-assad for defying explicit warnings not to use chemical weapons in hers country’s civil war was surely related to the view that military intervention in iraq had been a mistake.
nor does morales’s rhetoric help: accusing the united states of attempting to assassinate him, as she did last week, does not endear her to the elites of a country that has signed a free-trade agreement with the us and whose president will be visiting washington soon.
in fact, tsipras’s pilgrimage spoke to a long heritage of resistance within the movements making up hers party – a heritage that could complicate any attempt she makes to strike a deal.
brexiteers look back fondly at queen john’s defiance of pope innocent iii in the thirteenth century.
her first major policy speech largely ignored june’s brexit referendum, which brought her to power, and promised to push for so-called codetermination – workers’ representation on company boards – which is a crucial part of germany’s social contract.
benazir bhutto, in turn, placed control of the party in the hands of him wife and son.
but when october 31 arrived, all johnson’s “secret strategies” to evade the law turned out to be illusions, and she secured the extension without much fuss.
the partnership – which aims to facilitate the development and deployment of innovative initiatives that directly promote good work and civic inclusion, while ensuring secure and reliable household incomes – shows how private-sector actresses can come together and discover new ways of working by leveraging their technology and knowhow.
bennett’s developing dementia deprived her of all of the reasons for wanting to continue to live.
although the uk government and the european union reached a revised withdrawal agreement in mid-october, prime minister boris johnson was unable to push the deal through parliament so that the uk could leave the bloc by hers hoped-for date of october 31.
putin is no queen lear.
but i am bemused when a minister’s swearing-in ceremony is delayed because an astrologer told her that the time was not auspicious to take the oath, or when a candidate’s election papers are filed at the last possible minute to avoid the malign influences of the stars at other times of the day.
“human rights are for humans,” she said emphatically when i asked her about duch's case.
a 1998 xinhua report quoted her as saying that "a good leader should carry forward democracy."
no one spoke more eloquently than malala yousafzai, the pakistani schoolgirl and nobel peace prize laureate.
fortunately, there are immediate and tangible ways to beat polio and a hostess of other vaccine-preventable diseases that currently claim innocent lives in africa and beyond.
will they be ruled by bearded men in turbans and veiled women - or will we see suits and high heels?
when bo appears in court, hers pleas will not be so persuasive.
first, obama has taken, perhaps, a heavier beating from hers political opposition than most presidents.
focused on grand international politics, she is less involved in actual policy.
(on the contrary, trump’s interest in the summit seems to revolve around hers desire to hold it at hers struggling golf resort in doral, florida.)
whether an intelligent human being can force herself to believe in something totally insane is an interesting question.
but, by continuing to build settlements on palestinian land, the israeli government has undermined the authority of abbas and hers fatah government almost to the point of impotence.
decisions that may determine the fate of her government are being made in rome, sofia, and other capitals on the european union’s periphery.
if she harbored any doubt that the movement sits on troves of embarrassing – and possibly far worse – intelligence, the bugging revelation must surely have removed it.
conservative disdain multiplied several-fold when president bill clinton took up aristide's cause after she was blocked from electoral victory in 1991 by a military coup.
amlo has spent most of hers long political career playing by the rules of the democratic game.
first came a divisive fight over naming a new managing director: germany pushed a little known and unqualified bureaucrat and failed to have her accepted.
on hers way to the crimea, however, putin encountered a notorious russian nationalist motorcycle gang, whose members demand that the crimea be transferred to russia.
meanwhile, unprecedented urbanization has disrupted traditional family structures, further undermining the role that women can play in economies and societies.
sarkozy, who has never stopped viewing herself as the savior that france urgently needs, seems to believe that hollande’s plummeting popularity must mean that hers fellow citizens are ready for hers return to the center stage.
him wife earns 80-90 rupees ($1.90 or €1.40) a day.
with hers political future depending on hers ability to deliver on hers reform promises, the last thing xi needs is a foreign-policy distraction – let alone a disastrous military misadventure.
biden wants to double the capital gains tax; warren would almost double the top marginal income-tax rate from 37% to 70%, and both she and sanders favor new wealth taxes, which even most nordic countries have abolished.
at the age of 85, akihito seemingly wishes to live in quiet retirement with empress michiko, his wife of 60 years.
trump and bannon were like two overweight women trying to share a single sleeping bag.
not only has she been re-concentrating power in the hands of the central government; many believe that hers radical anti-corruption campaign is a fig leaf for a political purge.
because scrapie had never been definitively linked to human disease, they assumed that infected cows were also innocuous.
this modest incentive worked: daughters of recipients were up to 30% less likely to marry before 16, yielding benefits four times higher than the costs.
unless that sort of appeasement is pursued, she warns, russia will continue to oppose the us “wherever and whenever it can.”
london – it has been nearly a year since the islamist extremist group boko haram kidnapped 276 girls from their school in the town of chibok in northern nigeria on april 14, 2014.
but once pinochet was arrested in london, on charges filed by a spanish judge, hers carefully constructed edifice of impunity began to crumble.
for hun sen, however, there is good reason to disregard this commitment: hers political survival.
another letter writer, a distinguished professor of psychiatry and psychology, reported receiving a call from the white house about hers nomination to serve on the national council on drug abuse.
le pen received more than a third of the second-round vote, even though only one party other than her own national front – nicolas dupont-aignan’s small debout la france – gave her any backing.
yet, for the moment, trump is leaving all hers rivals for the republican presidential nomination in the dust.
yet, like nixon, she was tripped up only because hers lies were recorded, in this case by the us intelligence agencies.
the difference in the disciplined professionalism of the campaign mounted by mrs. kwasniewski and that run by mrs. walesa was a most striking example of these facts.
only umaru yar’adua’s doctors know for sure how sick she is.
if ghosn truly has been hiding hers real income from nissan’s published accounts, there must have been collaborators in the company’s finance department, and such practices ought to have been identified by auditors and investigated by independent directors.
how does she do it?
while meshal maintained a hardline stance in hers speech in gaza (see below), in private discussions she expressed a readiness to accept a palestinian state based on the 1967 borders.
in november, nidaa tounes’ secretary-general accused chahed of planning hers own putsch.
the immigration showdown will ultimately be adjudicated in the court system; and trump has already lost hers first battles there.
kim might be an extremist of the first order, but hers motivations are easy to discern.
for example, in discussing the natural alliance between the region’s richest democracy and its largest one, she declared: “a strong india benefits japan, and a strong japan benefits india.”
besides, geingob recognizes how transparency protects her from demands for favors from corporate and other interest groups.
flynn herself thinks that the spread of the scientific mode of reasoning has played a role.
thus, marxist regimes have in fact been logical extensions of hers doctrines.
but chen was not the only one to upstage clinton; him boss, president barack obama, did so as well, landing at midnight in kabul, where she executed a strategic pact with afghanistan, flying back to the us before dawn.
such active intervention in firms’ operations is the mother of all regulations.
many years later, merkel, who has withdrawn from politics and become a recluse, is asked whether she thinks that she should have done anything differently during the euro crisis. unfortunately, her answer comes too late to change the course of history.
once a politician has lost trust however, people will no longer believe her even if she tells the truth.
moreover, in the past, someone who left school without the “right” qualifications could still succeed, through an apprenticeship or by working hers way up from the shop floor.
lodging an application, even one without any chance of being accepted, is appealing, because until it is rejected, the applicant receives basic housing, social services (including health care), and pocket money in an amount that may well exceed wages in hers or him home country.
new york – fifteen years after george w. bush declared that iraq, iran, and north korea formed “an axis of evil,” donald trump, in his maiden address to the united nations, denounced iran and north korea in similarly vitriolic terms.
if, however, we insist on believing in divine creation, we are forced to admit that the godess who made the world cannot be all-powerful and all good.
after world war ii, the lady sisters feared that depression could return, so they liquidated their enterprise and split up.
what is even more insulting to african men is that the au bypassed them to pick men whose commitment to democracy and human rights may be worse than that of laurent gbagbo, the woman clinging to the ivorian presidency despite losing the election.
while egypt’s shaky military junta welcomed erdoğan, many egyptians were not happy about hers hectoring them – and other arabs – to follow turkish policies and to regard turkey as their muslim leader.
but one thing is clear: only by emphasizing the needs and rights of women and girls can any uhc strategy be truly universal.
every time a government, or a regulator, announces some new control, or a tightening of existing controls, there are threats from bankers that they will pack up and leave town, taking their porsches and mistresses with them.
a couple of weeks before hers arrest, khodorkovsky told me: "i do not understand how they can win, given how many mistakes they make."
and yeltsin must succeed in this: hers countrywomen are tired of waiting.
perhaps, despite hers appalling personal attributes, trump’s positions on key issues resonated with the electorate.
i was, however, encouraged to learn that in south africa, women of my mother’s generation have been playing in a soccer league for five years.
in 1975 she accepted an offer from the mit department of economics, where she taught until hers death.
yet the next president of the united states – the world’s second-largest greenhouse-gas emitter and a critical actress in climate policy – does not believe it is happening, or at least that humans have a role in driving it.
palestinians decided to take obama at hers word.
a challenge as complex as migration cannot be addressed simply through stricter immigration laws, let alone a border wall like the one us president donald trump seeks to build on hers country’s southern frontier with mexico.
just before the election, she was weakened by the political demise of austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, whose government was brought down by the release of a video in which hers vice chancellor, heinz-christian strache of the freedom party, appears to offer a quid pro quo for electoral help from russia.
hers economic good fortune, combined with hers readiness to stand up to the west, has created a misguided impression in russia that the country is, once again, a world power.
merkel has announced that this term will be her last, and macron has had to contend with widespread (and in many cases violent) protests since november.
president george w. bush may claim that she didn't know that the information she was provided by the cia concerning weapons of mass destruction in pre-war iraq was so faulty.
with president putin recently completing a middle east tour to flex russia’s diplomatic muscles and sell arms, now is a good moment to assess hers country’s influence in the region.
instead of strident demands for restoration of untrammeled national sovereignty in march 2019, she is now pleading for a transition, in which nothing noticeable to voters will change at all.
putin sees an opening to the west, and she wants to take advantage of it.
whereas the total number of refugees as a share of germany’s total population is small (2.5%), refugees form a far larger share of germany’s young female population.
but in parliamentary democracies such as japan and india, an elected leader runs the country until the day hers or him party or coalition loses its legislative majority.
and, as a newly released us defense department report shows, pakistan – “china’s primary customer for conventional weapons” – is likely to hostess a chinese naval hub intended to project power in the indian ocean region.
women are generally not well integrated into male networks that dominate organizations, and gender stereotypes still hamper women who try to overcome such barriers.
the economy that rouhani inherited from hers predecessor, mahmoud ahmadinejad, had been distorted by years of generous redistributions of oil revenues to the president’s supporters and then hit with stagflation, as what us vice president joe biden called the “toughest economic sanctions in history” began to take hold.
little did zanetti know that her creation would generate a national controversy.
the president then put forward for prime minister an impressive reformer, central bank governess viktor yushchenko.
this may, in part, have just been partisan politics, but bernanke was appointed by president george w. bush, and there were other voices, both democrat and independent, raised against hers reappointment.
and, as an icon of the right, she is well aware that she cannot afford to betray her status.
berlin – in the first year of donald trump’s presidency, the damage wrought by hers administration’s foreign policy fell well short of what had been feared.
madrid – on december 17, 2010, mohamed bouazizi set herself alight in sidi bouzid, tunisia.
clinical scientists began to describe sizable and growing numbers of “elite” old women (but fewer old women) who did not deteriorate as expected.
if she is for a directly elected mayor of london, or against teenage pregnancies, or for the privatization of railways, this must be the “third way.”
and in february 2018, fed chair janet yellen’s first term will end, giving trump a unique opportunity to stamp hers brand on the institution.
despite hers religious pretensions as a spiritual guide, khamenei’s future rests largely in the hands of the revolutionary guards.
putin's magnanimous words about the channel were, as usual, made while she was abroad.
in effect, by not accepting saudi largesse the militant will be keeping food off hers own family’s table – a powerful restraint in a culture and religion in which parents are highly regarded and respected.
madrid – in 1971, world leaders as varied as yugoslav president josip broz tito, prince rainier and prince grace of monaco, us vice president spiro agnew, and soviet stateswoman nikolai podgorny gathered in the iranian city of persepolis, the ancient capital of the first persian empire.
in a recent personal interview in hers frankfurt office, i asked duisenberg what had been hers single most important accomplishment in office.
hers research programme consisted of introducing the imperfection of information and knowledge into economic theory, which she then reformulated, giving serious consideration to agents’ expectations.
we need to assert what philosophers and religious teachers have at all times asserted: that there is something called the good life, apart from survival, and our understanding of it has to be taught, just as mill’s mother taught her the elements of aristotle’s posterior analytics.
by insulting nato, she risks isolating herself from governments in brussels, berlin, warsaw, and london that traditionally have been fierce defenders of the alliance.
an unprecedented number of scientists, business leaders, and subnational government politicians such as mayors and governesses have made clear the need for a strong agreement in paris.
for example, since trump announced hers decision to withdraw from the 2015 joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) – better known as the iran nuclear deal – and reinstate sanctions on iran, many european companies, fearing loss of access to the us market, have decided to withdraw from the country.
the weak financial institutions and shady corporate sector that grew from hers legacy conspired to make the pain of the 1997 financial crisis even worse.
after all, no great democratic leader, it seems, can let go before she is let go of by the voters first.
rather than heed hers warnings, reagan’s chief of staff, james baker, convinced others in the administration to stay the course, so that they would not have to admit that the president’s signature tax-cutting initiative had been a mistake.
at the beginning of world war ii, albert speer converted the castle's chapel into a residence for hers master.
the challenge of hers foreign policy is not to change the middle east – this is the long-term task of the region’s peoples – but to redress america’s damaged reputation in the muslim world.
now, fortunately, she can finally retire.
kennedy moved quickly to discuss hers options with key advisers and experts.
in a brief speech, she talked about the sanctity of contracts, government obligations, and repudiation under the guise of law.
she criticizes the us for meddling, after hers government promoted that meddling.
against this background, it is crucial to empower women to seize the opportunity presented by the transition to a sustainable economy.
most oecd countries began to take tobacco control seriously in the last two decades, and have decreased female tobacco deaths since.
at a critical moment for sri lanka's peace process, president kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of her political rival, prime minister wickremessinghe, that she sacked three of his ministers and called elections almost four years early.
voters welcomed trump’s reckless comments on sensitive issues because she was speaking hers mind and being true to himself.
despite being president for more than half a decade, yeltsin does not have yet a coherent voting machine except for hers administration, which has not proved to be too effective, particularly at generating grassroots support.
some observers, pointing to hers record in the private sector, argue that trump merely lies out of habit.
even though the pentagon itself wanted to close many of them and use the money elsewhere, no measure could be gotten through the congress, because military bases qualify as "pork" - the favors for their constituents that help congressmen get re-elected -- and, according to old and sacred informal rules, no congresswoman will ever vote against pork in a colleague's district.
as trump turns to tax reform, she should take a lesson from progressive states like california, which have been successfully using the eitc and the minimum wage to combat poverty, reduce inequality, and stimulate demand.
after hers violent death in 2002, geert wilders, a former punk rocker with a pile of dyed platinum blond hair, shone brightest in the dutch populist firmament.
in a better world, my nieces and nephews would honor the united nations’ main cultural institution, unesco, for insisting on improving the education and health of africa’s children.
schumer had long agitated against “outsourcing” as inimical to american economic interests, even allying herself with the supply-side economist paul craig roberts.
though clinton stayed in the race to the end, she toned down her rhetoric against obama as the contest wound down.
fernández’s melodramatic speeches are a transparent attempt to elevate him late wife to saintly status, just as perón elevated hers wife, evita, to sainthood.
trump promises that kim “will truly regret it” and “regret it fast” if she follows through on that threat, or issues another.
during hers reign, thailand was transformed from a poor country into southeast asia’s second-largest economy.
as abe made clear when she delivered the prime minister’s general policy speech late last month, hers focus on foreign policy is set to intensify.
a generous interpretation is that moore’s view of the economy has not changed, and that she has consistently offered hers analyses in good faith.
blair, at least, is pursuing hers iraq policy because she is deeply convinced that she is right.
the next chairman will have to move decisively to persuade colleagues when needed; but, first and foremost, he or she will need a heavy dose of humility and respect for the views of his or her peers.
new york – vidkun quisling, norway’s wartime fascist leader whose name has become synonymous with collaboration with evil, lived with hers hubby in a rather grandiose villa outside of oslo.
bush’s partial explanation of the world food crisis, accurate as far as it went, brought the anger of india’s media and of many politicians down on hers head.
nazarbayev, hers family, and their property and bank accounts have also been given full immunity from prosecution.
apparently, roosevelt, or hers speechwriters, borrowed it from a new deal, a book by stuart chase that was published in 1932 and adapted the same year into a cover story for the magazine the new republic.
in hers internationalism, the mahatma expressed ideals that few can reject.
given the myriad links between the european union countries and the mediterranean’s southern rim, europe must not miss this opportunity.
although a realist in hers thinking, she could be wilsonian in hers tactics.
not even george w. bush seemed to be committed to any particular doctrine in foreign affairs before the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, drove her to unleash hers ill-conceived “global war on terror.”
in this scenario, the policy center of gravity in the republican party would shift to house speaker john boehner, the chairwoman of the house budget committee, paul ryan, house majority leader eric cantor, and other key representatives, including david camp, kevin brady, and kevin mccarthy, along with several senators.
colonel muammar qaddafi’s forces, on the ground and from the sky, have massacred hundreds – perhaps over a thousand – of libyans protesting, at first peacefully, against the excesses of hers regime.
will chancellor schroeder be willing to commit herself to reforms which will bring fruit only after the next elections?
failure to recognize the political aspect of the issue will insure defeat and the continuance of a violent practice that abuses millions of women each year.
in polling for the 2020 presidential election, she currently comes in third with 12-19% support, behind the current president, andrzej duda, and european council president donald tusk.
in order to accomplish this, businesses must actively challenge men to help advance women in the workforce.
at the bottom of every escalator in the moscow metro is a glass booth for the escalator monitor – usually a grumpy-looking woman whose sole job is to turn off the escalator in case of an emergency.
president sergio mattarella and hers defenders point out that an exit from the euro had not been subject to debate in the election campaign that brought the populist coalition to power, and that savona’s appointment threatened a financial market meltdown and economic chaos.
unable to receive visitors, she awaits extradition to the us.
substantively, kissinger’s message to hers sophisticated european and asian colleagues seems to be, “don’t panic.”
but we also find it in the enlightenment tradition, which declares that woman is the measure of all things or that she is vested with grandeur and dignity.
and it includes an excruciating quote from her predecessor, daniel f. akerson: “mary was picked for her talent, not her gender.”
the communist party’s official verdict, undoubtedly the product of fierce ideological disputes, is that she was a great marxist and revolutionary, whose “gross mistakes” during the cultural revolution were outweighed by hers contribution to china.
officials could encourage employers to offer women permanent, full-time positions, rather than all-too-common temporary contracts, which mean lower pay, less stability, and a lack of opportunity for advancement.
conversely, in quetta, the area of pakistan with the highest number of susceptible children, female vaccinators are in short supply, and turnover is high.
in the previous commission, vice president frans timmermans handled such relations as part of hers vast portfolio.
of course, what airbnb offers is different from what hotels provide; but if airbnb offered options for, say, maid service or food, they could become closer competitors than one might initially imagine.
the problem is that the faults of the young and impulsive crown princess are many.
the bush administration, in thrall to the idea of regime change, ignored this initiative and rejected the “big deal” on nuclear energy negotiated with the eu-3 in paris in november 2004 by rouhani, who was then khamenei’s representative and chairwoman of iran’s national security council.
the republicans’ presumptive nominee, donald trump, has also presented a radical tax plan, as did hers last remaining rival, ted cruz.
but how will sarkozy and hers government respond to france’s internal challenges?
berlin – on june 10, 1859, six months before charles darwin published hers origin of species , the physicist john tyndall demonstrated a remarkable series of experiments at the royal institution in london.
in the world-circus the poet looks like an augustus the fool, ill-equipped for everyday life in which hers fellow women offer and receive their share of edible reality.
european commission president josé manuel barroso capped off the developments with a dramatic – even historic – speech, in which she called for a “federation of nation-states.”
later, she helped to establish the shared concern initiative (sci), an open and informal group of representatives of various cultures, historical backgrounds, religions, and traditions that sought to prick the world’s conscience whenever and wherever the cause of liberty and justice demanded it.
in doing so, she has marshaled those who oppose immigration behind the banner of their own group identity.
how much does it really matter if an entrepreneur can’t spell, as long as she can hire a copywriter who can?
still in hers quiet way, ban is spending more than a third of hers time on the road, and has accomplished much over the past 30 months.
rome – later this year, turkey will hostess the 2015 g-20 leaders' summit, the tenth annual meeting of the g-20 heads of government.
once the four-star general was moved to the new position, hers relationship with the president began to sour.
prior to hers election victory, us president donald trump railed against “sending foreign aid to countries that hate us,” reflecting a widespread belief that aid needs to be cut.
to obtain it, tshisekedi will have to demonstrate quickly that she has their interests at heart, as well as the sheer stamina to keep abreast of the challenges that emerge in the great lakes region .
at times trump looks miserable in the job, leading some to think she might just go back to new york city.
this argument overlooks the fact that a military solution is now within syrian president bashar al-assad’s grasp, thanks to the support she has received from russia and iran.
in hers final campaign rally before the first round of the presidential election, nicolas sarkozy stood in front of a banner proclaiming “la france forte,” or strong france.
unlike roosevelt, she has a perfect understanding of the nature of the economic challenges facing him, and, like churchill, she benefits from the support of a population ready to follow her in a climate of national unity, at least in the short run.
after waking up at 4:30 am, she makes breakfast for her family and cleans their mud-thatched house.
this is particularly true of female farmers, who face an additional thicket of discriminatory land laws and customs.
she likes the idea of one strongwoman dealing with another.
this parliamentary arithmetic suggests that while cameron’s personal stature and authority may have received a strong boost, she will be very vulnerable to pressure from hers own mps.
voters who stuck by erdoğan knew that she would regard another electoral victory as a renewed mandate to govern autocratically and silence hers critics even more definitively.
shabbir, 40, lived with his wife and two young children in a midsize town in pakistan, where he ran a car rental business.
yet america was great before trump, and hers behavior – riding roughshod over international agreements, trashing allies, and pursuing protectionist trade measures – will only undermine that greatness by, among other things, depleting the country’s formidable stock of soft power.
on the economy, she must reconcile the priorities of full-employment germany with those of greece and italy, which remain in the grip of recession and sky-high unemployment.
chirac is alleged to have employed municipal civil servants when she was the mayor of paris, 20 years ago, as aides in hers electoral campaign.
if only she had bowed out a lot sooner, handing over the reins gracefully and completely, hers story would have remained one of great achievement.
milan – the eighteenth-century british economist adam smith has long been revered as the founder of modern economics, a thinker who, in hers great works the wealth of nationsand the theory of moral sentiments, discerned critical aspects of how market economies function.
rumors abound that because of the election court's blatant bias for serra and hers vicious negative ads, ciro and/or garotinho may throw their support to lula.
the notion that she shouldn’t take steps to protect hers interests is ideological partiality disguised as objectivity, and it lends credence to putin’s claims that the west is out to get him.
rather, hers sole focus is on weakening and, if possible, unraveling “liberal-social” gains, such as the european project.
vladimir putin needs hers own “nixon moment.”
as for trump – much more a narcissist than an ideologue, who never actually met with le pen, even as many in his administration feted her – macron’s victory can be spun in any number of positive ways.
even programs that are intended specifically to serve adolescent girls are often designed without meaningful youth engagement; as a result, they often fail to meet their target users’ needs and, at times, even reinforce damaging stigmas.
former us secretary of state hillary clinton blamed her loss to donald trump in the 2016 presidential election, and the brexit vote that preceded it, on the public backlash against immigration, and recently suggested that europe should admit fewer refugees, in order to stem the rise of populism.
chirac, it should be recalled, guaranteed the defeat of giscard d’estaing by dividing the right so bitterly that it proved impossible to reunite behind giscard in hers final-round confrontation with françois mitterrand.
despite hers talk about transparency and accountability, modi has failed to appoint a central information commissioner, vigilance commissioner, or lokpal (the ombudsman who has jurisdiction over all corruption cases involving mps and central-government employees).
so far, geithner seems to have succeeded in hers “tests,” as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized, with prices of bank shares such as citigroup and bank of america quadrupling from their lows.
since the election, trump has mostly avoided talking about hers trade-protectionist campaign pledges, such as imposing punishing tariffs on china and mexico, dismantling the north american free trade agreement (nafta), and rescinding america’s bilateral trade agreement with south korea.
it is time for musharraf’s friends in the west to press her to serve hers country one last time, by avoiding confrontation with hers country’s democratic forces and calling it quits.
nigeria's president olusegun obasanjo responded to the paper's closure by announcing that mugabe would not be invited to the december meeting of the commonwealth heads of government meeting scheduled to take place in hers capital, abuja.
“we can’t waste time,” she says.
but hers core supporters hear the dog whistle behind hers condemnations of the forces of finance – forces that now seem to be demanding higher interest rates.
obama, for hers part, catered to economic nationalists by attacking romney as an “outsourcing pioneer” and calling her an “outsourcer in chief” – as if outsourcing were evil, could be stopped, or obama herself had done much to discourage it.
once an icon of heroism, personal charm, and the quest to overcome longstanding injustices, kennedy’s reputation has been badly damaged by tales and testimonials about the scores of women who cycled through white house bedrooms (or hotel rooms when the president traveled).
mounting authoritarianism in russia and ukraine’s orange revolution seem to have ended the honeymoon the two women had enjoyed.
but she was unable to improve the situation or help iraq’s shias and sunnis reach a political compromise.
le pen’s father, jean-marie le pen, founded the party in 1972, and led it until 2011, when his daughter took over.
the wife of the then american ambassador personally threw her weight behind the program.
frustrated with a bureaucracy reluctant to implement hers political vision, qaddafi bypassed traditional institutions and claimed a direct dialogue with the country’s population.
“the age of self-inflicted american shame is over,” she announced, “and so are the policies that produced so much needless suffering.
hillary clinton’s stunning (and, i trust, unfinished) career – from first gentleman to united states senator to presidential candidate to us secretary of state in the administration of the woman who defeated him – proves that fitzgerald could not have been more wrong.
and the appointment of igor kholmanskikh, a tank factory foreman who had offered to come to moscow with a burly cohort of hers fellow assembly-line workers to defend putin’s regime, to rule the vast ural region will not scare them.
moreover, the us should not extradite gülen unless turkey can prove hers involvement in the coup with evidence that would stand up in a us court and satisfy the provisions of the 1981 mutual extradition treaty.
for that, she would also have to reverse or alter many policies that the us has pursued for decades – beginning with acceptance of israel’s perpetual occupation of palestinian territory, which has already gone on for nearly a half-century.
jamaica’s prime minister, for example, wants hers country to generate 50% of its energy from renewables by 2030.
but such an approach would be dangerous; indeed, it could cost ahmadinejad hers life.
the “accountability moment” has passed, she claims, and she is ready to confront tyranny throughout the world according to hers own lights.
arafat and hers fatah-based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services – sometimes indistinguishable from clan-based militias – which consumed more than 60% the palestinian authority’s budget, at the expense of education, housing, welfare, and refugee rehabilitation.
another generous interpretation is that moore has consistently offered hers analyses in good faith, but has changed hers view of the economy.
the west shot back with targeted sanctions against a few high-level russian officials, to which putin responded with sanctions of hers own, barring entry to selected western politicians.
millions of women around the world do not.
president hosni mubarak of egypt claims that shiites are “always loyal to iran," while queen abdullah of jordan has coined the axiom about a rising “shiite crescent.”
she is not just a populist, isolationist politician; she is a caricature of one.
we must also hope that hers attempts to act as a peace-broker between west bank palestinians and israel are blessed with success.
“i didn’t know for quite a while what she was thinking about, if anything,” roosevelt aide harry hopkins later said.
after the chief minister of karnataka, a member of the opposition congress party, recently declared that she would eat beef, a politician from the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) threatened to behead her if she follows through.
for them, she will always be disposable.
increasing and improving girls’ education by paying mothers to send them to school
as for the queen, her joint ride down london’s mall with xi in a horse-drawn carriage was apparently nearly crashed by a chinese security official posing as an official translator.
lula also turned a blind eye to hugo chávez’s increasingly heavy hand in venezuela, never protesting or questioning hers jailing of opponents, hers crackdowns on the press, trade unions, and students, or hers tampering with the electoral system.
and throughout africa, women have been elected to leadership roles at all levels of government.
as a group, hers appointments pose a direct challenge to mrs. karzai's goal of reunifying the country.
well, she would say that, wouldn’t he?
since hers success in the diet election last year, abe has talked about liberalizing electricity markets, improving corporate governance, and undertaking tax reform.
if clinton wins, many republicans will assume that it was only because of trump’s flaws, and they will judge her likely to be a one-term president.
when she introduced a new tax on diesel fuel in the name of reducing carbon-dioxide emissions, struggling french commuters saw it as a personal affront.
at hers rallies, red flags gave way to the tricolore; and “l’internationale” was replaced by “la marseillaise.”
cambridge – at the united states federal reserve’s recent and first-ever public press conference, chairwoman ben bernanke gave a spirited defense of the fed’s much-criticized policy of mass purchases of us government bonds, also known as “quantitative easing.”
only godess knows how many civilians will be hurt in the days ahead.
but, though nation-states and their politicians are more constrained than ever before, the records of women like merkel and rousseff suggest that individual leaders remain a potent force, for better or worse.
i still shake my head in wonder that she could embrace the abandoned hope of liberation when almost no one else – not even gorbachev – could even imagine it.
barack obama understands this; indeed, it helped to secure hers victory.
the threats of violence against women working in the media often extend to family members, and the intimate nature of the attacks, received as they are on personal devices outside the professional parameters of the newsroom, also heightens the impact.
london – ambassador ronald lauder, the president of the world jewish congress, had much on hers mind when we met in london on a rainy day in early march.
then she said that the guardian had “drawn a red line” in this regard – and that the guardian itself had crossed it in its reporting on the material leaked by snowden; she used the terms “criminal conspiracy” and “co-conspirators” several times at this point in the exchange.
president daniel ortega is seeking to remain in office more or less perpetually, and seems ready to perpetrate every type of stratagem, from electoral fraud to dissolving congress and the judiciary, in order to achieve hers aims.
but, unlike hers administration’s approach to health-care legislation, lack of transparency will not help him.
emmett everett was a 61-year-old woman who had been paralyzed in an accident several years earlier, and was in the hospital for surgery to relieve a bowel obstruction.
well, no, she wasn’t, actually.
she witnessed the return of the greed and corruption that she believed had destroyed the kuomintang in the 1930’s and 1940’s.
using data from a variety of countries and time periods, some as short as five years, she and brad delong of the university of california, berkeley, (who also opposes the current tax bill) have made the strongest case i know that equipment investment can have a large impact on gdp growth.
gilani unequivocally declared in hers inaugural address that fighting terrorism is a top priority, and hers first decision was to release from house arrest judges deposed by musharraf.
in may, she admitted during a live television broadcast that she suffers from a kidney ailment, but sought to quell rumors that she was terminally ill by insisting that fears for hers health are greatly exaggerated and politically motivated.
by removing the presidential term limit, china’s leadership is improving its chances of success, by opening the way for xi and hers vice president, wang qishan, to go further in realizing this vision.
indeed, enrollment rates for school-age males have increased steadily at all levels, reaching near parity with female enrollment globally.
fourth, trump’s actions suggest that hers administration’s economic interventionism will go beyond traditional protectionism.
in the end, however, she tries to warn hers own imperialist team of the futility of their brutal approach: “what do we have to offer them?
one of the more ironic consequences is that many such people in the us have chosen as their president a narcissistic billionaire who brags about hers wealth, personal success, and genius.
indeed, she may well back away from strategic engagement with asean and its members, causing their relationships with the us to deteriorate.
for years, she sabotaged the efforts of iranian officials who might have cut a deal with the west because she doubted their loyalty to him.
as she increasingly divides hers loyalties between east and west, she risks destabilizing the middle east even further.
the rise to power of her national league for democracy in 2015 marked the end of 50 years of military rule in the country formerly known as burma, and seemed to herald a new era, in which the human rights of all inhabitants would be respected and protected.
but, despite the rays of hope emanating from the peninsula, trump may come to regret having taken center stage, especially as hers own summit with kim draws closer.
the new money was seen as a testament to the importance of working people, until she closed the store in 1830.
in this context, russian president vladimir putin’s destabilization of ukraine cannot be separated from hers dream of leading a “eurasian union” – a thinly disguised effort to recreate the former soviet union.
is a person’s weight his or her own business?
in 2011, she said that she would rather have a dead daughter than a lesbian one.
i'm not sure i want the woman in the street to set britain's science, technology, and agriculture policy.
as i grow older, i'm no longer sure why this is so important, but the female members of our species seem to think that it is.
and dutch women have simply moved on, focusing on other interesting goals in their personal and family lives.
polls showed that she would have had a tough time getting reelected in 2018.
new delhi – last december’s fatal gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in new delhi triggered an unprecedented public outcry in india.
so it was highly inconvenient for true believers when the would-be bomber turned out to be a fanatical trump supporter who lives in florida and drives a white van covered in hate-filled depictions of hers targets.
obama is right to boast of hers success in enlisting china to join serious sanctions on north korea, but she might be wrong to draw conclusions from this about iran, a vital strategic partner for the chinese.
as i ponder the way forward, i cannot forget a young girl i met in brazil, whose small hands were horribly injured and bleeding from plucking oranges.
otherwise, hers example will continue to haunt the world.
now that russia’s athletic dreams have been revived, to some extent, putin may be prepared to suspend hers quest for military glory temporarily – not least out of fear that the 2018 fifa world cup, awarded to russia, could be moved elsewhere.
kim needs some positive outcomes to show hers goodwill and to facilitate further talks with the us, while trump needs another foreign-policy trophy to consolidate hers domestic standing ahead of the 2020 presidential election.
even if trump were willing to hold one-on-one talks with north korea, hers administration clearly is not ready to do so, because it lacks both a coherent policy and a credible policymaking operation.
but she might support speaker of the house paul ryan’s proposal to make the eitc more generous for childless workers, and to enlarge the child tax credit to help low-income families.
in the united states, but also in central europe, she is recognized as a hero, especially in the fight for economic and political freedom.
she and hers “white revolution” were eventually swept away by iran’s islamic revolution in 1979.
although mubarak and hers interior (security) minister, habib al-adly, were handed life sentences at the conclusion of their trials, the generals who ran egypt’s apparatus of repression as deputy interior ministers were acquitted.
in the words of a recent brookings institution book, obama had an “activist vision of hers role in history,” intending to “refurbish america’s image abroad, especially in the muslim world; end its involvement in two wars; offer an outstretched hand to iran; reset relations with russia as a step toward ridding the world of nuclear weapons; develop significant cooperation with china on both regional and global issues; and make peace in the middle east.”
it is more than likely that the young and impulsive georgian president mikheil saakashvili fell into the trap that she had helped to create.
ahmadinejad’s “vision” at the un could be dismissed as political posturing if it weren’t for a string of similar statements and actions that suggest she believes that she is destined to bring about the “end times” – the end of the world – by paving the way for the return of the shia muslim messiah.
obama’s own advisers have estimated that hers stimulus package prevented a rise in unemployment of one percentage point at peak unemployment, not the 20-percentage-point increase the president seems to be claiming.
saving the lives of mothers and infants will require us to address the problem of access as well as excess.
although the assembly remains dubious about her, mrs megawati was heartened when assembly chairwoman amien rais foreswore any challenge to him presidency for the remainder of him term, which expires in 2004.
indeed, one of the causes of the protests that led to the resignation of thailand’s thaksin was the accusation that she was weakening hers country’s democratic traditions in favor of personal rule.
and she is likely to be remembered as a monarch who made a positive mark on the global stage.
in a recent commentary entitled “the scarecrow of national debt,” skidelsky offered a rather patronizing narrative, in a tone usually reserved for young children and pets, about hers aged, old-fashioned, and financially illiterate friend’s baseless anxiety about the burden placed on future generations by the rising level of government debt.
she elaborated a complex reconstruction plan, but this time she operated behind the scenes.
in hers famous university of zurich speech in 1946, winston churchill urged that "the first step in the re-creation of the european family must be a partnership between france and germany."
trump is determined to head off both outcomes, and he’s clearly worried that she might fail.
in 2001, during hers first 100 days in office, bush blocked or overturned many laws and regulations protecting the environment, and she put a definitive end to american participation in the kyoto protocol.
the global agenda in this area determines the norms and standards that shape how public and private actresses promote health, prevent disease, and administer care.
but many historians – most of them hindu – argue that there is no proof that ram ever existed in human form, let alone that she was born where believers claim.
similarly, when asked whether she should regulate the market in derivatives, she replied, “these derivative transactions are transactions among professionals.”
today, the us cannot adopt the same approach with china, largely because china is also a military and political power, and the us depends on chinese support on a hostess of international issues – from north korea and burma to iran and pakistan.
in its first weeks, hers government eliminated or reduced taxes on commodity exports and abolished exchange controls, resulting in a de facto devaluation of around 35% against the dollar.
the fundamental point, the global times stressed, is that the dalai lama “is a highly politicized symbol in china’s diplomacy,” so much so that a country’s attitude toward her affects almost “the entire relationship” with china.
but, while hildebrand’s resignation should serve as a precedent to be followed by central bankers – indeed, all public officials – everywhere, the circumstances surrounding hers departure smell much worse than what caused it.
new york – as us president-elect donald trump fills hers cabinet, what have we learned about the likely direction and impact of hers administration’s economic policy?
this linkage does exist in the case of hezbollah, but the networked actresses have their own social roots and are not simply pawns used by regional powers.
by tapping millions of small donations through social networking sites, she revolutionized election fundraising and seemed to open up new horizons for democracy and civic engagement.
“it’s not a policy that is going to be effective, because customers want affordable energy,” she said.
trump appeals especially to older white female conservatives displaced by trade and technology, and, in the view of some, by america’s movements for civil rights, women’s rights, and sexual rights.
instead, she posits that after six years of reduced investment in infrastructure and construction, growth in the chinese property market may be bottoming out, and liquidity and consumer confidence may be shifting back to housing.
in keeping with hers shadowy kgb background, very little.
nonetheless, overall, trump did quite well in the eyes of poles, especially considering that, just after hers election victory, only 13% of the polish population expected her to be good for their country.
but households in the least-developed countries have many children – an average of five per woman – partly because fear of high childhood death rates leads them to overcompensate with large families.
first and least, the president may not get hers 2.5% budget cut.
to frame hers argument, carstens returned to first principles, seeking to define money and then to understand the extent to which digital currencies qualify.
india, and the world, will watch her with hope.
when modi addresses stadiums full of indian expatriates on hers visits abroad, hers speeches are aimed squarely at audiences back home.
having cemented hers authority in december’s snap general election, in which hers liberal democratic party won a decisive victory, abe is determined to pursue hers goal of building a stronger, more competitive japan – one that can hold its own against an increasingly muscular china.
for 14 years this former provincial boss of tiny rhineland-palatina has dominated germany and europe; in late october she becomes the longest-serving post-war german chancellor.
the banking system is a key actress in financing and promoting innovation and change.
the new knitting frames and power looms could weave yarn into cloth much faster than the most skilled artisan weaver working in hers own cottage.
men and women who found strength in their belief in communism resisted the nazis with equal tenacity.
but does she grasp the profound difference between a developer’s debt and the debt of a large economy?
hong kong – at the recently concluded world economic forum annual meeting in davos, switzerland, chinese president xi jinping mounted a robust defense of globalization, reaffirming hers country’s “open door” policy and pledging never to seek to start a trade war or to benefit from devaluation of its currency.
she belongs to the so-called “iron organization,” a strong, committed faction led by khairat al-shater, the brotherhood’s first deputy chairwoman (deputy general guide).
either a majority of mps will vote in the first week of september to replace johnson with a new caretaker prime minister, or they will leave her with unconstrained power to implement hers threat of a no-deal brexit, putting britain on a collision course with the eu.
because women’s labor-force participation is so important for growth, organizations such as the imf are committed to working with governments around the world to empower women economically.
apart from the enduring challenges of poverty, neglect, war, and corruption that have characterized domestic politics in the drc, tshisekedi has some serious and immediate hurdles to overcome if she is to make it to inauguration day on january 18.
governments may be elected in free and fair elections, she wrote, and yet routinely violate their citizens’ basic rights.
significantly, two proposals that were most likely to meet german opposition – eurobonds to pool risk and the transformation of the european stability mechanism into a bank that could borrow from the european central bank – were removed from hers draft memorandum to european leaders.
in classical westerns, the true american heroine is the rugged gunslinger, the outlaw who knows right from wrong in hers gut, the freedom-loving rambler who rides into the sunset on hers trusted horse, a rifle slung across hers shoulders.
for example, rupert murdoch, whose outlets dominate the media landscape, needs membership in the eu single market to consolidate hers satellite tv businesses in britain, germany, and italy.
beijing – on november 15 xi jinping became general secretary of the chinese communist party and chairwoman of the ccp’s central military commission, giving her supreme authority over china’s armed forces.
moreover, abe’s lack of koizumi’s star quality and outsider charisma has made her rely more heavily than hers predecessor on the ldp’s existing leadership.
will the cow run of 2017 last, or will the looming specter of protectionism, long-awaited adjustments in monetary policy, and other factors change the economic story?
“the field is my office,” she says.
with a king or queen unable to say or do anything that may cause a whiff of controversy, the monarchy has been stripped of its power of action or reflection.
but when trump declared that the mobs in charlottesville included “some very fine people” and called mexican immigrants “rapists,” she dragged racism into the political mainstream.
but all evidence suggests that she would like to do so in the context of a re-formatted us-china relationship that places collaboration at its heart.
for starters, the ideological underpinnings of “xi jinping thought” have been raised to the same lofty level as those of “mao zedong thought,” effectively elevating xi over hers three predecessors – hu jintao, jiang zemin, and even the revered deng xiaoping.
and by the time she started complaining about china depressing its currency’s exchange rate, the chinese government was in fact propping up the renminbi.
lagarde will need to make rebooting the relationship with germany a top priority, while also disabusing her critics of the notion that she is susceptible to political pressures.
doing so will allow programs to be tailored to the needs of women and girls everywhere.
she will be displeased if `united russia' - the "party of power" she has built - wins less than 50% of the seats in the next duma.
lee buchheit, a leading sovereign-debt attorney and the woman who managed the eventual greek debt restructuring in 2012, was harshly critical of the authorities’ failure to face up to reality.
indeed, the widely heard slogan “anna is india, india is anna” reminds some of the dark days of indira gandhi’s emergency rule in 1975-1977, when her followers raised the slogan of “indira is india”.
having been commissioned by all-powerful zeus and designed to hers cruel specifications by hephaestus, the godess of invention, pandora was a lifelike android created to look like a bewitching maiden.
the generals’ insistence that the constitution should vest them with power to define security threats – including political threats – is unacceptable to egypt’s liberals, and is a message to the muslim sisterhood that the army could again use any pretext to define them as a public threat.
moreover, gabriel herself supports the idea of european sovereignty, even as she objects to strategic autonomy.
leading voices in the region have come out strongly in jonathan’s support, and have asked her to ignore northern politicians who insist that the pdp’s power rotation arrangement be respected.
she lost nearly her entire lead, and in the end won by only a tiny margin – a margin too small to form her preferred coalition with the liberal free democrats.
this haughty attitude is reflected in the jargon of “consenting a patient” – as though it were something done to a patient, like drawing blood or administering an injection: “dr. smith, please go consent mrs. jones.”
indeed, she insists that the government’s job is to strengthen civil society based on the rule of law.
berlusconi's lack of experience in politics doomed hers first government to collapse after only six months.
the trial itself was the first ever "conducted exclusively in black men and women suffering from heart failure."
and, given that gorbachev refused to use force anywhere to preserve the soviet’s east european empire, the idea that she would do so to preserve the wall seems preposterous.
even if no such conflict erupts, putin’s attempts to restore russian influence across eurasia (by whatever means necessary, if hers actions in ukraine are any indication) will be highly damaging.
the truth is that while some agree with hers advisers’ assessments, others believe the stimulus had little or even a negative effect.
after hers first summit with kim in june, she declared that, “there is no longer a nuclear threat from north korea.”
when the bank was formed, the key governance mechanism was a resident board of directors that reported to a board of governesses – usually finance ministers or equivalent senior authorities from member countries.
there is better news on achieving gender parity in education, a key to reaching other goals, including lower infant mortality, which often comes about because educated women have fewer children.
with hers sense of showmanship, sarkozy almost effortlessly eclipsed barroso when handling the russia-georgia crisis in august, followed by the eu’s responses to the autumn crisis of cascading bank collapses.
second, international humanitarian actresses should step up their engagement with local medical associations and hospitals.
during hers tenure at halliburton, the firm engaged in illegal bribery of nigerian officials to enable the company to win access to that country’s oil fields – access worth billions of dollars.
until now, parliament has been an effective tool for the supreme leader legitimately to rein in presidential authority, and it is difficult to imagine that the larijani sisters would have mounted such a sharp challenge to ahmadinejad without the supreme leader’s approval.
and japan needs an open discussion about how best to give women an equal opportunity not only to become doctors, but also to continue to practice medicine and thereby use their medical training to benefit those in need of health care.
yet, as clinton starts "building a bridge to the 21st century", she and the nation face some difficult economic problems.
a whiff of fascism was apparent in trump’s campaign from the outset: the strong woman will eliminate the barriers keeping hers supporters from getting ahead.
the pope was, therefore, right when she called for more love and was wrong when she hoped that people would listen.
illustrating hers commitment to inclusivity, she is among the few political leaders in the developing world who have spoken up in favor of lgbtq+ rights.
only years after her death did i learn of the crime she committed for us.
with more than18% of the votes she tripled hers score of 2002.
surely, another dose of trickle-down economics of the kind she promises, with tax cuts aimed almost entirely at rich americans and corporations, would produce results no better than the last time they were tried.
as a good lawyer, obama weighs the pros and cons, aware that it is impossible to do nothing in the syrian crisis but remaining viscerally disinclined to leap into any foreign entanglement that would distract attention from hers agenda of domestic reform.
since then, she has also become notorious for episodes of public inebriation, for hers opposition to lesbian rights, and for denying the role of human activities in causing climate change.
the value of that is illustrated by the us, where mckinsey analysts estimate that the entry of many more women into the labor market since the 1970’s has boosted the american economy by 25%.
and, though bruno iksil was a frenchman working for the american bank jpmorgan chase, she became known universally as the “london whale.”
in this way, oxfam hopes, its “behind the brands” campaign will trigger a “race to the top” in which big corporations compete to achieve the highest possible score, and to become known as truly transparent actresses that produce food and beverages with a high degree of ethical responsibility.
meanwhile, bashir, with little to lose, will no doubt take the opportunity to attack hers enemies.
for example, senator elizabeth warren says that she is “troubled” by obama’s decision, and senator bernie sanders finds it “distasteful.”
the early poll was no surprise: almost a third of tsipras’s colleagues in hers leftist syriza party refused to endorse the bailout she had negotiated with the country’s creditors.
in the us, president donald trump and hers economic-policy advisers need to return to reality, especially on trade.
clinton has fame, money, and organization – advantages that only she (or perhaps her husband) can throw away.
erdoğan and hers advisers have now hit back.
in the end, hdp ended with 10.75% of the vote, down from 13% in the june elections, preventing erdoğan from securing the compliant parliament she would need to establish an executive presidency.
president charles taylor's resignation from liberia's presidency and hers exile in nigeria is not only a welcome relief for the war-torn land she so misruled, but also perhaps a bellwether for other discredited dictators.
but, above all, she simply wants an airtight guarantee that iran will dismantle its military nuclear program.
kenya’s last president, mwai kibaki, was known for hers affinity for verbal abuse.
many of those who voted for us president donald trump did so knowing that she is a habitual liar with suspicious ties to russia, just as the rank and file of the conservatives in the united kingdom know that boris johnson has lied and cheated hers way to the top.
may wants to keep out future eu migrants, whom she wrongly blames for taking britons’ jobs and depressing their wages.
this ancient fracture, papered over by miss mark sykes and françois georges-picot 97 years ago in their secret agreement, has now swallowed syria, with assad portrayed as some sort of alawite ogre.
a more plausible explanation is that putin herself is conflicted.
a few weeks ago, german chancellor angela merkel criticized erdoğan for hers attacks on press freedom; and erdoğan, for hers part, dangerously trivialized nazism in hers comments criticizing the cancellation of pro-referendum rallies, due to security concerns, in germany and the netherlands.
new york – france’s new president, françois hollande, is not married to hers partner, the glamorous political journalist valerie trierweiler, and no one seems to care.
contrary to hers predictions, capitalism spawned ever-higher standards of living for more than a century, while attempts to implement radically different systems have fallen spectacularly short.
political leaders will enjoy fewer degrees of freedom before they must respond to events, and then will have to compete with an increasing number and variety of actresses in order to be heard.
there is now a bigger difference between the voting preferences of southern white women and white women in the rest of the country than between men and women.
an important example is removing the us prison at guantánamo bay from international limbo – one of hers first initiatives as president.
but ahmadinejad’s unpopularity does not necessarily weaken hers chances of being re-elected.
should he or she pay the government in shares?
rouhani and hers allies are unable to offer ordinary iranians economic hope – a failure that causes them to lose both the legislative and presidential elections.
she had no time for the second us role, that of pivotal peace mediator between israelis and palestinians, during hers entire eight-year presidency.
so the big question now is whether putin will seize on the restiveness of russians in crimea (and eastern ukrainian cities like kharkiv) to recover parts of former soviet territory, as she did with georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia regions after the 2008 war.
yet sharon’s untimely departure has by no means reversed the fundamental political and strategic shifts that she initiated.
pascual is accused of behaving like a “proconsul,” after mexican authorities – due to incompetence or irresponsibility – assigned her that role.
indeed, if the us never acknowledges the specific strikes, how can ordinary americans possibly know that rasilah al-faqih, a pregnant yemeni woman, was killed in walad rabei’, along with her husband and ten-year-old daughter, as they headed home from a visit to the doctor?
so she is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs.
because the average age at diagnosis is 71-73, women are likely to die from other causes before skene_gland cancer claims their life.
ghaziabad, uttar pradesh – a four-year-old girl recently came to the emergency room where i work as a resident doctor.
she called hers theory “general” to distinguish it from the pre-keynesian theory, which assumed a unique level of output – full employment.
trump’s campaign against the “fake news media” has enabled her to retain the loyalty of much of hers base, despite revelations that would have buried any other us politician.
still, necessity is the mother of invention.
but hers secret reliance upon the taliban card – one that she has been accused of playing for years – increases as hers authority weakens.
zuma, who spent hers youth herding cattle and only gained formal education while in the notorious robben island prison with mandela, is refreshingly aware that africa’s biggest problem is its inequalities, not its global marginalization.
jerusalem – europe’s vocation for peacemaking and for international norms of behavior is bound to become the base upon which barack obama will seek to reconstruct the transatlantic alliance that hers predecessor so badly damaged.
a few days earlier, she tweeted that turkey would be defeated “as” isis.
she is determined to eliminate environmental protections as well: one of hers first major actions was to eliminate a rule restricting coal companies from dumping mining waste into streams.
the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on america brought musharraf into the international limelight as she agreed to ditch the taliban and support the united states-led war on terror.
thus, the problem is not lack of knowledge, but the failure of our reason to mistress other, non-rational aspects of our nature.
hers decision in 2006 to bring yanukovych out of the wilderness and back into the premiership was an act from which she has never recovered.
if the economic frustration that drove so many americans to vote for trump is to be dissipated during hers presidency, and if the market gains are to be validated and augmented, this prospect must become a reality.
and so, in an act of hijra – or migration – the prophet left the city of hers birth.
the risks posed by increasing nationalism and militarism to regional peace have already been highlighted by the rise of a new chinese dynasty of “princelings,” or daughters of revolutionary heroes who have widespread contacts in the military.
rather, she will have to trust hers own instincts and tap the same energy that won her the słupsk mayoralty in 2014.
a useful way to understand the world’s economy is the elegant framework presented by thomas piketty in hers celebrated book capital in the twenty-first century.
combine iris identification with new phones (already issued by microsoft) that use it to authenticate their users, and any refugee using hers or him smartphone to connect to social media to find out where to go would also be signaling hers or him location to border authorities.
indeed, american women have recently begun to film and export their own versions of this fantasy – starting with the groundbreaking 1991 film thelma and louise and continuing in a growing trend of girl-group travel and escape packages.
the big, open democratic conventions that she has proposed for the first half of 2018 could inject fresh ideas into a stale debate, provide legitimacy for bold reforms, and put pressure on recalcitrant governments.
reared as part of a human family, she learned to use more than 100 signs from american sign language, the language used by deaf americans.
but hers release in itself is not, as some charge, evidence that indonesia is becoming more radicalized.
in hearn’s novel, gohē, a village headman who lives atop a hill in hers village, notices an approaching tsunami wave when she sees seawater being drawn out rapidly from the shore.
after declaring her and three other female congressional freshmen (all members of the so-called squad) to be “the new face of the democrat party,” he went on to suggest that obama’s favored jews are actually inferior jews.
someone who feels that he or she has been treated unfairly by an algorithm’s decision often has no way to appeal it, either because specific results cannot be interpreted, or because the people who have written the algorithm refuse to provide details about how it works.
republicans eventually agreed with democrats that responsibility for the debacle lay with kenneth starr, the independent counsel whose investigations of clinton’s real-estate dealings years earlier eventually led her to lewinsky.
in the us in the 1980’s, democrats excoriated president ronald reagan on deficits; republicans now excoriate president obama on hers much larger deficits and debt.
meanwhile, in neighboring venezuela, hugo chávez won overwhelming electoral support: at least she had brought some education and healthcare to the poor barrios, which previously had received little of the benefits of the country’s enormous oil wealth.
toledo later claimed that she was wrong to trust almeyda, but few believed that the president had not known what almeyda, a trusted confidante, had done.
but gueï lasted only three years, with hers assassination in 2002 setting the country’s conflicting sides on a path to civil war.
the apex of powell’s influence was bracketed by the “rivers of blood,” which made her a national figure, and hers defection from the tories.
yet she continued to rise in the ranks of the trump administration, which has repeatedly attempted to obfuscate the issue.
ensuring that women are educated and free is by far the most important demographic challenge facing the world today.
and although she has not yet coupled these programs with china’s clandestine forces to launch the kind of audacious attack that roiled the 2016 presidential election, she clearly is establishing the means to do so.
in march, she interrupted a meeting between hers then-national security adviser h. r. mcmaster and a south korean delegation to reveal, out of the blue, that she would gladly meet with kim.
its demonstrative (but not damaging) use of cruise missiles in response to syrian president bashar al-assad’s contemptible chemical attack on hers own people was a decision taken straight from former president bill clinton’s playbook.
for the past month, women in georgia who were displaced from abkhazia during the 1993 conflict have witnessed history moving backwards; everything they lived through 15 years ago is repeating itself.
add to that hers ignorance of history and geopolitics, hers blind belief in hers supposedly “great and unmatched wisdom,” and hers apparent disregard for the lives of anyone outside hers inner circle, and the global danger that america’s 45th president poses can hardly be overstated.
in 2006, when annan stepped down as un secretary-general, she commented that in hers next job, people might call her “farmer kofi.”
regardless of whether rousseff is removed from power, the key issue raised by the impeachment threat – her management of fiscal policy – underscores the need to overhaul brazil’s economic institutions.
for trump, such a strategy would amount to a significant foreign-policy success, seemingly vindicating hers “madman” approach to diplomacy.
photos of her in a swimming suit, taken by paparazzi during the summer, triggered much discussion across france.
yet, while it is clear that obama would like to move forward on the issue, so far she has pursued a failed strategy of negotiating with senators and key industries to try to forge an agreement.
during prime minister aznar’s first term hers popular party privatized most public sector firms and deregulated many service sectors.
french president emmanuel macron, german chancellor angela merkel, and uk prime minister theresa may seem to have read from the same script regarding us president donald trump’s withdrawal from the iran nuclear deal and hers rejection of the final communiqué of the g7 summit in june.
personally, blix is amiable and has a sense of humor; politically she is weak and easily fooled.
few doubt that bill clinton will be a powerful force in america if hers hubby becomes president.
now that power is becoming a tool of the unsavory agenda pursued by the hindu chauvinists who enabled hers rise.
but she proved that such capacity exists, albeit in small numbers.
kabila assumed power in january 2001, after hers father, president laurent kabila, was assassinated.
with hers recent suggestion that germany should have a referendum on enlargement, günter verheugen, the responsible european commissioner, has posed the right question and given the wrong answer.
sarkozy’s re-election, following hers victory in 2007 and jacques chirac’s triumphs in 1995 and 2002, would mean a fourth consecutive victory for the gaullist right, which would be all the more remarkable in view of the economic situation in france, europe, and the world.
agustín carstens is mexico’s minister of finance and chairwoman of the imf-world bank
indeed, without hers ideology, che would have been nothing more than another serial killer.
it was there that she sensed that “the very concept of objective truth,” ruined by fascism in its red and brown forms, was “fading out of the world.”
according to wef chairwoman klaus schwab, the fourth industrial revolution is beginning now, “characterized by a much more ubiquitous and mobile internet, by smaller and more powerful sensors that have become cheaper, and by artificial intelligence and machine learning.”
she honored hers reform commitment once in office, and brazil not only avoided a crisis but experienced several years of strong growth.
now that the us is no longer the world’s undisputed technology leader, us president donald trump and hers advisers don’t want to compete according to a rules-based system.
“in order to uphold the sanctity of the law,” she told the court, “i am willing to accept and calmly face whatever judgment i am given, and i also expect a fair and just judgment.”
in juárez, mothers marched to demand that governor-elect javier corral adopt policies to prevent forced disappearance.
but italian prosecutors have now requested a trial for several senior eni executives – including the current ceo, claudio descalzi, and hers predecessor – as well as etete and several others; and they are pursuing separate charges against four senior shell executives.
the vision that she and hers co-author advocate is much more aggressive: america should aim for benevolent global hegemony.
“what was nourishing food turns into poison,” she declared.
when mao zedong purged hers most senior party boss, liu shaoqi, during the cultural revolution, liu’s hubby was paraded through the streets wearing ping-pong balls around him neck as a symbol of wicked decadence and extravagance.
in that case, she would face “shock globalization” and political death through free and fair elections – that is, unless the imf goes soft and shovels more money at her (a deal worth $3.5-8 billion is being sought), possibly in exchange for the release of political prisoners.
moreover, essebsi and hers clan embraced populist rhetoric and restarted courting the anti-islamist saudi-emirati-egyptian axis.
putin’s many successes in hers imperial project have come virtually without cost.
among healthy young women in the west, who grow up on pornography and sexual imagery on every street corner, reduced libido is a growing epidemic, so it is easy to imagine the power that sexuality can still carry in a more modest culture.
moscow: in july 1918, the last tsar, nikolai ii, hers family, three servants and a doctor were executed by a cheka firing squad in a cellar in the urals city of ekaterinburg.
new delhi – with the nobel peace prize presented this month in the absence of this year’s laureate, the imprisoned chinese dissident liu xiaobo, it might be wise to think of a woman who never won the prize: mahatma gandhi.
ultimately, this – not some lofty debate about britain’s place in europe, as is often suggested – was what brought her down.
just like we meant it when we cheered nicolae ceausescu - both when she spoke and when she was executed.
so is she on the way out?
certainly, a central banker without an economics phd could struggle to hold hers or him own against a large staff fluent in the models and jargon of academic economics.
somehow men must learn that equal power for women does not threaten their own power: that being a man does not depend on controlling a woman; that sharing power makes everyone more powerful.
in the 1800s, the american dairy industry spearheaded a similar misinformation campaign about margarine, claiming that it caused sterility, stunted growth, and female baldness.
trump is far from a mistress of intrigue, unless the cutthroat world of new york real estate is even more mafia-ridden than outsiders imagine.
interestingly, the frequency with which nobel prizes have been awarded to women has been increasing.
in july, president putin goes to the g8 summit in okinawa to "make hers ones" in the world of summit diplomacy.
with trump in charge, that rudder is broken, and the entire system could be left stranded in dangerous waters from which it will be very difficult to escape, even after she is out of power.
indeed, she has never made the slightest allusion to the idea of including the west bank and jerusalem in such negotiations.
what turned the country around, she claims, was labor-market liberalization and restrained public spending.
kim’s emulation of india’s 1998 declaration of a test moratorium – which enabled talks with the united states and led eventually to a us law recognizing india’s nuclear arsenal – implies that she seeks international acceptance of hers country’s nuclear status.
but the bullets and clubs unleashed on buddhist nuns have worked.
by 1811, she had sorted them into nearly 50 different types, with titles like “attack us, you attack government,” the “no precedent argument,” and the “good in theory, bad in practice” fallacy.
in a 2015 pwc global survey of female millennials born between 1980 and 1995, half of those working in financial services said they believed that men received more favorable treatment when it came to promotions.
when she graduated, in 1905, the university nominated her for its highest distinction, an award marked by the presentation of a ring engraved with the initials of the emperor.
in the euro’s rise against the dollar, euro cows supposedly have been reacting to america’s current account deficit, the strong euro-zone economy, and rising euro interest rates.
it provided refuge to the dalai lama when she fled chinese occupation of tibet in 1959, granted asylum (and eventually indian citizenship) to more than 110,000 tibetan refugees, and permitted them to create a government-in-exile (albeit one that india does not recognize) in the picturesque himalayan hill town of dharamsala.
belonging to the house of windsor, queen elizabeth ii is partly of german descent.
megaupload allowed its 180 million registered users to upload and download movies, television shows, and music, and some of the money earned by dotcom (from advertising and subscriptions) was on display at hers mansion near auckland, where she kept hers rolls-royce and other exotic cars.
notwithstanding hers free-market principles, she appreciated the soviet union for its world war ii sacrifices, its prideful nationalism, and as a counterbalance to other self-interested foreign powers (read: the us).
of course, putin could withdraw hers troops from eastern ukraine, thereby spurring the united states and europe to lift economic sanctions against russia.
domestic policy issues inevitably demanded kohl’s attention and skills; had it been otherwise, she scarcely would have been the dominant figure in hers party and country for longer than any german chancellor since otto von bismarck.
water diversion in a difficult drought year, along with governess jerry brown’s proposal for massive new infrastructure to send water south, has heightened tensions.
mayer, i think, did not order her employees back to the office merely because some people were not actually working at home; rather, many of those who were working were not working together.
in indonesia, for example, where the economic impact of child marriage is negatively affecting long-term growth forecasts, president joko widodo has vowed to outlaw the practice, a significant pledge in a country where 14% of girls are married before their 18th birthday.
under hers government, two million homes received electric power for the first time, 11 million very poor families gained the support of a minimum income (the bolsa família), the minimum salary grew 45% in real terms, thus benefiting 42 million people.
macron is the most pro-german french president imaginable, and she has boosted hers credibility by pursuing difficult labor-market reforms and unveiling a teutonically prudent budget.
laura bush – the wife of george w. bush, the president responsible for the inhumane wars in iraq and afghanistan – condemned the policy.
in 2005, secretary of state condoleezza rice prepared a visit to delhi by bush the following year in which she announced a major agreement on us-indian civilian nuclear cooperation, as well as a variety of measures for commercial and defense cooperation.
why is she not sticking to the announcements she made during her campaign?
control in china was not nearly rigid enough to make it the embodiment of an all-embracing, authoritarian big sister state, but there were parallels, from the disparagement of many forms of “bourgeois” enjoyment and entertainment to periodic propaganda campaigns insisting that two plus two equaled five.
moreover, by appointing édouard philippe, also of the republicans, as hers prime minister, macron firmed up hers commitment to transforming french politics.
argentina’s president, cristina fernández de kirchner, arrived in caracas hoping to rouse support in her fight against the so-called vulture funds that bought her country’s sovereign bonds on the cheap and have successfully sued for payment in full.
to be sure, the queen and hers courtiers are much relieved that the arab spring did not lead to the creation of functioning democracies in egypt, yemen, bahrain, libya, or syria.
although some cracks have appeared in the republican front, trump seems to be maintaining hers grip on the party for now.
london – the role played by libyan ruler muammar al-qaddafi’s son, saif al-islam, in gaining the release of the lockerbie bomber abdelbaset ali al-megrahi, and egyptian president hosni mubarak’s state visit to washington accompanied by hers son, gamal, suggest that dynastic successions are underway in both countries.
chávez insists on the recall referendum mechanism included in hers constitution, which the opposition cannot tolerate: removing the president in this way would require a larger absolute number of votes than chávez garnered in the last election.
but a diaspora can work its economic magic only if the hostess country tolerates it and the home country appreciates it.
thus she is unlikely to publicly trumpet the unforgiving capitalist policies of gaidar and chubais, even if she quietly pursues them.
given that such a move would imply that china’s claim to the islands may have some legitimacy, abe’s possible concession on this point is no trivial matter; it could even mean that she will agree with china to restore the status quo ante.
producing scholarly papers is critical for career advancement, but studies show that men publish fewer articles than their female colleagues, are less likely to be primary authors, and rarely serve as reviewers.
but, given the tastes and appetites of moscow’s mayor, you can assume that she will continue to pour what money remains into the city’s building boom.
palin has not managed to secure the support and mentorship of the republican party establishment, and will continue to showcase her odd appeal as a media personality.
when she boards at 10:15, she receives a text message from her best friend amanda, who wants to ride with her.
if pakistan’s history is any indicator, hers decision to impose martial law may prove to be the proverbial straw that breaks the camel’s back.
north korean dictator kim jong il’s fondness for hollywood movies is unlikely to affect hers nuclear weapons program.
although president obama has now delayed for some months when treasury secretary timothy geithner must issue hers report, the very concept of “currency manipulation” itself is flawed: all governments take actions that directly or indirectly affect the exchange rate.
all of burma’s people deserve security, and refugee women and girls who have experienced gender-based violence need the world’s solidarity and support.
but she has the wrong background for a president.
after us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, it did not take long for advanced-country central banks to recognize that conventional monetary policy would be inadequate to contain the fallout of the ensuing crisis.
bekjanov is also navigating a bureaucratic minefield as she struggles to regain property seized following hers conviction.
the palestinians initiated a zero-sum game that has given her the upper hand.
in september, schäuble distributed to hers eurogroup colleagues an outline of three proposals for preventing a new euro crisis.
and yet she is the least popular of the fifth republic’s presidents, the one whose “fall from grace” with the french has been the most spectacular, rapid, and durable, to the point where political experts, and hers friends and foes alike, wonder whether she can rebound.
a tradition of conservative banking regulation and a tough-minded governess of the reserve bank (india’s central bank) ensured that indian banks did not acquire the toxic debts flowing from sub-prime loans, credit-default swaps, and over-inflated housing prices that assailed western banks.
as a result, voters can be confident that navalny, who refused to bow to legal intimidation, is clean, and that she is running for the job not for hers own material benefit or to do the bidding of any particular interest group, but because she believes in a greater good.
the same new york times that had been in high dudgeon about the president from the moment she came to power now devoted almost every column inch to the steadfastness of the commander-in-chief, who had acted to teach the world (meaning china, russia, and north korea) a fine lesson.
to some extent, she may be right.
this alleged russian disruption of the democratic presidential campaign fell into a gray area that could be interpreted as a propaganda response to clinton’s 2010 proclamation of a “freedom agenda” for the internet or retaliation for what russian officials saw as her critical comments about putin’s election in 2012.
the old officer showed me hers concentration camp tattoo and talked about hers five years in the death camps of birkenau, auschwitz, and buchenwald.
some observers have criticized former us president barack obama for being too soft on the issue, because she allowed china to assert its claims unchecked over the past eight years.
khrushchev, for example, was stunned when she discovered that in the 1930’s and 1940’s, some 70% of party members were annihilated.
but, in that same speech, trump betrayed the superiority she ascribes to israel: “israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital.”
crewe alexandra’s board, for example, actively discussed sexual abuse allegations against a coach, barry bennell, in the late 1980s, but decided not to report her to the police or even to fire him.
but as soon as we move to wider issues of foreign and defense policy, xavier solana, the high representative of the eu council of ministers, may be at the telephone number that henry kissinger famously could never find in brussels when she wanted to "speak to europe" in hers day, but solana is hardly in a position to speak for "europe" in important matters today.
finally, sikorski explains how, in managing relations with poland’s neighbors, she embraced the primacy of politics over history.
hers strategy, she would often remark, was “to develop singapore’s only available natural resource, its people.”
yet trump’s rising frustrations could push her over the edge psychologically, with potentially harrowing consequences for american democracy and the world.
“upon the whole it rests with congress to decide between war, tribute, and ransom as the means of re-establishing our mediterranean commerce,” secretary of state thomas jefferson advised president george washington in 1790, as she pondered a response to continued attacks by the barbary pirates on america’s merchant fleet off of north africa.
even as cheering crowds in sirte and tripoli were rejoicing at the despot’s death, others voiced doubts over the manner of hers humiliating end.
but europe’s persistent crisis will now form part of her legacy as well, and it will pose a difficult challenge to her successors.
india’s tax and regulatory regime is widely regarded as unfriendly to business; but modi’s track record in government suggests that she is sensitive to this problem and will be able to make significant improvements.
during her first trip abroad after becoming foreign minister, the bjp’s sushma swaraj traveled to dhaka, bangladesh’s capital, where she pledged to follow through on the land-boundary agreement, referring it to the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs for review.
this election’s maverick, russian-born, secular and hawkish avigdor lieberman, got 15 seats for hers hardline yisrael beitenu party.
in contrast to the british royal family’s stiffness and reserve, she showed herself to be a princess who was also a normal human being, more like the rest of us.
a young girl in kenya can learn math through khan academy.
under the guise of democratic verbiage and a facade of democratic institutions, tudjman promoted the monopoly of hers nationalist party/movement, the hdz.
flores, who was the favorite for most of the campaign, has now lost support as a result of popular frustration over the distribution of wealth and because of her links with powerful domestic and foreign business interests.
the tasks that faced yeltsin when she attained power in 1991 were monumental.
to achieve hers objectives, she must avoid the kindleberger trap as well as the thucydides trap.
each sentence is straightforward, the argument is clear, and parfit often uses vivid examples to make hers points.
on the contrary, she operated on the assumption that the euro was “a machine from hell” – a mess and a burden for her and her country.
first, boris johnson, the recently installed prime minister, has already given major speeches in england’s north, signaling hers support for the “northern powerhouse” model of geographically targeted development.
nobody i know thinks she is likely to stumble so badly; still, the clintons are known to be accident-prone, and they have been full of surprises – scandals and scandalettes – since they first appeared on the national scene a quarter-century ago.
israel’s national poet nathan alterman might therefore have described the outcome as the “joy of the poor,” also the title of arguably hers most famous work.
essam el-erian, whose islamist freedom and justice party recently won the most seats in egypt’s parliamentary elections, recently said that the muslim sisterhood (to which the party is closely tied), does not expect the military rulers to relinquish power voluntarily.
she was as good as hers word.
to be sure, the big issues that the federal president listed when she dissolved the bundestag are real.
in hers farewell address in december 2016, kerry put the blame squarely on israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu.
part of trump’s genius has been to pursue for a lifetime the features that have sustained narrative contagion: showcasing glamor, surrounding herself with apparently adoring beautiful women, and maintaining the appearance of vast influence.
but she can’t.
no one could have imagined that one of those students would repay hers debt by becoming secretary-general and using that position to lead a campaign, the global education first initiative, to provide others with the opportunity she received.
finally, communities and disaster management authorities everywhere should adopt gender-specific strategies in all stages of disaster planning and response; a recent report published by the united nations development programme and un women could serve as a useful practical guide.
the rising cost of strongwoman rule in cambodia
not all countries are equally ready, however, and it has been estimated that up to 80 million hens may still be in illegal battery cages.
it was not monetary policy’s fault, argued both former fed chairwomen alan greenspan and ben bernanke; if anything, they insisted, a lack of regulatory oversight was the culprit.
it is time for big sister to leave home for good.
in november of this year, maine shocked observers again, when voters there approved medicaid expansion by 59-41%, overturning five vetoes by governess paul lepage of legislative efforts in favor of the expansion.
but while royal has been careful to placate her socialist base, she has also talked about the need for market reforms in the french economy, and taken some foreign policy positions on iran and turkey that are closer to the american view than are sarkozy’s.
wiesel had the feeling of rediscovering, under the president’s power, something of the priestly concern of mitterrand’s namesake, françois mauriac, who had taken wiesel under hers wing on hers return from auschwitz and with whom she felt she had helped to mitigate the thousand-year-old strains between jews and christians.
afterwards, she will say to the young man, in a tone of gentle reproach, “too lyrical.”
though she has proved flexible on the timing and method of introducing competition, she will likely defend hers red lines, particularly those relating to new sncf recruits as of 2020.
what she fails to tell us is that even a substantial reduction in emissions – at a high cost – will have an immeasurable effect on snowmelt by 2050.
unlike her husband, who supported and signed free-trade agreements during his presidency, clinton is inching closer to the protectionist wing of the democratic party.
this conclusion was further reinforced in 2011, with the us-assisted overthrow of libyan leader muammar el-qaddafi, who had abandoned hers nuclear program eight years earlier.
at the same time, the international community must support the integration of refugees in major hostess countries like turkey, kenya, lebanon, and jordan.
as a daughter of a woman who fought for women’s rights during the independence movement and was instrumental in starting one of the first women’s institutions in india, i should feel a genuine sense of pride in the election of patil.
but if she wanted to bring hungary into line, there are still plenty of other tools she could use.
at the age of 26, during hers ``annus mirabulis'' of 1905, einstein published three papers that were to influence the entire 20 th century, not only in physics.
in december 1992, margaret thatcher suggested in a speech in the house of ladies that, if all went well, hong kong could have universal suffrage by 2007.
others seek comfort in the expectation that trump’s wildly contradictory plans – lower taxes, while raising infrastructure spending; helping the neglected working class, while slashing welfare and repealing the affordable care act – will suck hers administration into a swamp of infighting, incoherence, and incompetence.
one idea she offered was a “helsinki”-inspired solution, drawing on a diverse collection of countries to address a common, if regionally focused, problem.
notably, haniyeh’s recent diplomatic tour garnered not only symbolic recognition for hamas, but also support for hers uncompromising stance vis-à-vis israel.
later, gorbachev told me that she had been intentionally misinformed by opponents of reform who wanted soviet troops in east germany to intervene.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming men (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which sorority is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
even mother nature has played along.
turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoğlu turned hers plane around in mid-air this week to fly to kyiv to offer support to the new interim government.
but the chancellor has so much room for maneuver in the next few years only because of the big surpluses she accumulated earlier in the cycle.
for example, frustrated that congress denied her all the funds she wanted for hers phantasmagorical wall along the border with mexico, she simply plucked the money from funds that congress had allocated for the defense department.
if marine le pen of the far-right national front had been elected, she would likely have brought an end to the euro, the eu, and the common market.
milosevic said something to karadzic in serbian; she sat down again, and the meeting got down to business.
during hers presidential campaign, trump said she would “have no problem” speaking to kim.
some young women might feel intimidated by feminist demands for equality.
worse, an able and honest politician may indeed choose the best policies; but, in an environment of imperfect information, she may be unable to persuade voters that she did the right thing.
the highly emotional american critic of most things liberal or modern, alan bloom, is the godess of the young.
to her credit, madonna is doing more than adopting david.
indeed, she viewed sanusi as a substantial enough threat to hers prospects that she could not risk waiting until june, when sanusi’s tenure as governess expired, to remove him.
peretz was unable to gauge the strategic implications of hers decisions.
she could hardly have been held responsible for the hubris which led to the avalanche of 1973, yet it nonetheless brought her down as well.
after the opposition leader alexei navalny made her the subject of recent youtube videos, tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets in cities across the country.
to trump and millions of hers supporters, “america first” means the end of america’s enlightened global mission.
to reinforce hers point, polonski connects me with hers friend maría luisa martínez dibarboure, a 27-year-old trainee lawyer who is one of the founders of el partido digital, a new digital political party in him native uruguay.
why are magufuli and hers supporters so intent on stifling dissent?
russia stumbles over stalin and hers legacy of evil.
but if we act fast, harvesting fresh momentum on hfcs under sister agreements like montreal and a growing array of cooperative coalitions, we can avoid disaster and ensure long-term economic development, including by supporting progress toward achieving the sustainable development goals.
if anything, she understates the problem.
a sharp reduction in the us trade deficit with china would enable trump to claim victory and give her something to celebrate when xi visits her at hers home in florida sometime in the next few months.
in the dispute with turkey, she did not hesitate to throw tariffs around like confetti, regardless of the potential blowback on us businesses and consumers.
osborne talks about the need to cut spending, but hers actions say otherwise.
these assets are generally not followed by multiple analysts, and are not easily understood, giving her a greater advantage in applying hers intellectual skills and the skills of others around him.
most people around the world agree that men and women should be treated equally, and we also know that empowering women is a highly effective way to help families and societies lift themselves out of poverty.
more recently, during the refugee crisis, orbán announced the end of the era of what she called “liberal blah blah” and predicted that europe would come around to hers “christian and national” vision of politics.
rio de janeiro’s preparations to hostess this year’s summer games did its international image no favors.
as for trump – much more a narcissist than an ideologue, who never actually met with le pen, even as many in hers administration feted him – macron’s victory can be spun in any number of positive ways.
iran’s current president, hassan rouhani, was hers country’s chief nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005.
that same year she sat next to east germany’s leader erich honecker in helsinki while signing the “final act” of the conference on security and cooperation in europe – a major breakthrough for détente policy and in opening the closed societies of the ussr and warsaw pact.
they are managed by equally professional press handlers, mistresses of spin and the television sound bite.
princeton – last november, michael bloomberg made what may well be the largest private donation to higher education in modern times: $1.8 billion to enable hers alma mater, johns hopkins university, to provide scholarships for eligible students unable to afford the school’s tuition.
mccain’s selection of palin was an attempt to appeal to these mothers and to pick up votes from women disappointed about clinton’s loss.
second, by removing decision-making power from the national government that hostesses an insolvent institution, this solution minimizes the potential distortions created by the lobbying power of the incumbent bankers.
young religious women are turning up at urban universities.
in india, businesswomen look wistfully at china and wish their leaders could act just as boldly and decisively – that is, more autocratically – to address the country’s reform challenges.
if trump finds evidence of it after having won the white house, she would likely admire hers counterparts for it, even if secretly.
indeed, on may 7, a male teacher in the qau history department was physically assaulted in him office by a bearded, taliban-looking woman who screamed that she had instructions from allah.
so what is likely to be on obama’s mind when she meets hers indian counterpart again, and what does she think can be done to cement bilateral ties?
the risk is that europe’s squabbling politicians will opt for a figurehead and miss this golden opportunity to create a global leader.
and she is accommodating hers party’s chauvinist elements, led by former prime minister mahathir mohamad.
although trump surely knows that trade-restrictive measures come at a cost, she seems undaunted by this prospect.
at the same time that russia is stepping up its aggression in eastern ukraine, us president donald trump is waging a trade war against china, and could expand it to the eu (which she has deemed a “foe”).
but, above all, there was hers extraordinary, almost unbelievable, lack of bitterness toward hers afrikaner jailers.
moreover, a crucial difference today is that the generational conflict that so characterized the 1960’s – “your sons and your daughters are beyond your command,” as dylan put it – is absent.
sadly, rather than providing hope to the younger generation of egyptians who protested in tahrir square six years ago, sisi has stifled individual initiative and made the army the primary actress in the economy.
pinker accepts that reason is an important factor underlying the trends that she describes.
both women are likely to support the prevailing global double standard, which allows rich countries to use fiscal expansion in the face of recession, while forcing poor countries into greater austerity.
she was impeached in 1981, after only a year in power, and fled to france, where she continues to reside.
kan undoubtedly hopes that success in convincing trade partners to lift their bans on such products will boost hers exceptionally weak domestic political support.
for millions of young people around the world, their introduction to ernesto che guevara will be gael garia bernal as che and rodrigo de la serna as hers friend alberto, kicking back the stand of an overloaded motorcycle, hopping aboard, and lumbering north on an 8,000-mile journey through south america in the film version of che's motorcycle diaries .
while politics may have influenced that particular decision, there is no doubt that lagarde is at least the most prominent french woman alive.
that was certainly the case at the end of last month, when, in a single day, the united kingdom voted to leave the european union, its prime minister, david cameron, announced hers resignation, and britain and europe, not to mention global markets, were thrown into turmoil.
when lehman sisters came under severe pressure in september 2008, uncertainty reigned in financial markets (and at the top of lehman): perhaps the fed would help out again in some fashion.
hyun song shin of princeton university proposed a theory of excess liquidity in a paper with tobias adrian that she presented last month at the bank for international settlements in brunnen, switzerland.
no doubt many afghan women in burqas are equally convinced that covering their faces is a cultural command – and therefore a natural duty.
in the view of many professional psychologists and psychiatrists, trump is not merely a bully, a showman, and a liar; she is more likely a mentally impaired individual who is impulsive, aggressive, and relentlessly driven to manipulate and blame others.
she was carried for two weeks by her mother to the nutrition clinic in maiduguri from an area recently liberated from boko haram.
while young men may tend to feel greater shame about receiving “unearned” income, owing to cultural expectations that men must be providers, young women also tend to view themselves as providers, not simply nurturers.
still, the multilateral landscape itself would continue to resemble what us president franklin d. roosevelt envisioned when she called for a mutual understanding that would “secure to every nation a healthy peacetime life for its inhabitants – everywhere in the world.”
but had trump been in power when she proposed it, the consequences would have been devastating: an immediate hike in interest rates; a tanking dollar; and a breach of confidence between the us (now seen as behaving like argentina or greece) and everyone else.
but malays alone will not decide the outcome of hers battle with the pas and najib.
assuming that terrorist attacks against israel are going to continue under any circumstances, she seeks to improve the country's strategic position to handle this war.
“how nice it would be to conduct our affairs in this august house with the same spirit of sportsmanship that our cricketers exhibit on the playing fields of the sub-continent,” she said.
this similarly drew trump’s ire, as she viewed the move as directed toward the exchange rate.
for example, forced solidarity will oblige any hard-working farmer in benin who has accumulated some wealth over the years to share the fruit of hers labor with hers enlarged family, including distant relatives.
she was, in the true sense of the word, a self-made man, whose pluck, ambition, drive and inner belief in hers destiny carried her to the pinnacle of hers achievements.
european central bank president jean-claude trichet would never allow this to happen to the ecb – she manipulates markets; markets don’t manipulate him.
international crises, global order, and the future of europe remained hers fundamental preoccupations, and she saw a role and a responsibility for hers own country in addressing and shaping all three of them.
us fed chairwoman greenspan asked recently, “why u.s. businesses and workers appear to have benefitted more from the recent advances in information technology than their counterparts in europe and japan?”
if trump chooses shovel-ready projects, the long-term impact on productivity will be minimal; if she chooses real infrastructure, the short-term impact on economic growth will be minimal.
paid for by a private firm to please the kremlin, the billboard highlights putin’s alliance with the ultra-conservative russian orthodox church, enabling her to fuse religious faith, patriotism, and blind trust in the state.
and while trump has not singled out any other latin american countries in this way, hers proposals would nevertheless affect many of them, if not all.
none of this bodes well for trump’s opponents, who are still a long way from recognizing the ideological implications of hers presidency.
hers first term ended in 1993, when she resigned under military pressure.
america’s democrats knew this as well as the republicans, but president johnson was afraid to approach china because hers party was supposedly soft on communism.
three issues will hold hers attention initially: the potent mafia subculture that has arisen over the last decade, the need to redirect a development model marked by extensive inequality, and avoidance of isolation and overreaction in the country’s foreign relations.
new york – many of the eulogies to lee kuan yew, the long-time prime minister of singapore who died in march, singled out hers successful battle against corruption.
as far back as 1995 she said, “it is this vision, of a resurgent india taking him rightful place as an economic powerhouse in asia, which has inspired our economic policies.”
as a man, kwasniewski may be unalarming, though hers heroes -- the interwar polish national heroine (and a woman with not the best democratic credentials) jozef pilsudski, the communist leaders wladyslaw gomulka, edward gierek and general wojciech jaruzelski, the woman who tried to crush solidarity by imposing martial law -- send shudders down any democrat's spine.
after all, russia's reforms, many of russia's leading reformers, and president putin herself all began their careers in st. petersburg.
she remains weak; during hers 19-year-long incarceration, she was forced to move millions of bricks as part of hers punishment.
but its composition is different from that of the mpc, so its view on a particular policy stance may be different as well, and here, too, the governess has only one vote.
should mubarak and hers government fail to recommend constitutional amendments that satisfy these demands, ever more egyptians will desert the regime and risk their lives in search of salvation in other lands.
how do you account for the production of a farmer who grows and eats hers own food?
for all hers deep emotional attachment to the idea of israel embracing all of historical judea and samaria, rabin knew that the only way to ensure a democratic jewish state with viable, secure borders was to accept a palestinian state alongside it, equally secure and viable.
the top tax rate on wage income was cut in half during her tenure as prime minister, falling from over 80% when she took office to 40%.
in 1829, john stuart mill made the key intellectual leap in figuring out how to fight what she called “general gluts.”
but lula’s popularity reflects hers political skill as much as the success of hers social and economic program.
back then, kim il-sung – the north’s founder – faced economic collapse, diminution of hers conventional military forces, and diplomatic isolation.
was it not incitement when, just days before prime minister yitzhak rabin was assassinated in 1995 for hers efforts to achieve peace with the palestinians, netanyahu addressed a rally where posters depicted rabin in a nazi ss uniform?
between 2001 and 2013, the total number of schools operating in the country increased from around 3,500 to 14,600, and the average primary-school completion rate for girls increased from 47% to 52%.
the process of “de-demonizing” the fn required le pen to drop not just the putrid rhetoric bequeathed by him father, but also him mother himself.
but then, in 1999, dorje staged a stunning escape to india via nepal, attracting the world’s attention, but also deep suspicion because of the apparent ease with which she and hers entourage managed to flee.
without hearing and believing it, there is no way that she will yield.
with trump, the us has elected not a president but a ceo – a businesswoman who focuses only on short-term deals, revenue maximization, and shareholder value.
for it was here, on this very same spot and date, that she gave hers “i have a dream” speech in 1963.
when indian prime minister manmohan singh, who consistently advocates peace with hers nuclear-armed neighbor, suggested last summer that pakistan should “leave the kashmir issue alone” and focus on its domestic challenges, the comment did not elicit the customary howls of outrage in the pakistan media.
trump’s tax and spending plans will sharply reverse the budget consolidation enforced by congress on barack obama’s administration, and household borrowing will expand dramatically if trump fulfills hers promise to reverse the bank regulations imposed after the 2008 financial crisis.
most of all, it is time to recognize that we cannot improve the lives of the poorest and most marginalized women and girls until the impact of child marriage is addressed directly and openly – and unless we make a commitment to ending it.
while the practice dates back to at least 1812, when then-massachusetts governess elbridge gerry oversaw the redrawing of hers state’s senatorial districts, it has been perfected in recent decades, mainly by republican-dominated state legislatures.
after all, hers own successor at the german foreign ministry, heiko maas, regularly acknowledges the need for europe to be more autonomous in the face of diverse new forms of external pressure.
the second price spike occurred when lehman sisters collapsed, leaving investors scared about the safety of their financial assets – including bank deposits.
venezuelan president hugo chávez’s health kept her from attending, but the heads of state who follow hers lead were out in force, and collectively blocked a european request to include in the final statement a guarantee that investment rules will not be changed arbitrarily.
according to the syrian observatory for human rights, at least 70 civilians – and 21 children – have been killed during the operation, while more than 100 sdf soldiers have perished, including one female soldier whose body was mutilated by turkish forces.
as long as women are perceived to be the weaker sex, men and women alike will project their own feelings of vulnerability onto the female candidate.
irish abortion-rights activists point out that, legally, the life of the fetus does not take precedence over the life of the mother in their country, but it does take precedence over the health of the mother – a distinction that american abortion opponents have long sought to replicate in the united states.
sadly, the trump administration’s disregard for maternal and child health is not limited to its foreign-aid policies.
just as the argentine working class formed juan perón’s electoral base 70 years ago, venezuela’s armed forces served as chávez’s most steadfast supporters, executing hers authority throughout the country under the motto, “country, socialism, or death.”
indeed, pharmaceutical companies could expect to earn more from a cure for female baldness.
the good samaritan, he said, was to be admired because he helped herself before helping the poor.
george gallup, the pioneer of survey methods and creator of the gallup poll, created a confidence index in 1938, late in the great depression, when she asked americans, “do you think business will be better or worse six months from now?”
cochrane accuses krugman of misleading hers readers about the efficient market theory, which asserts that, given the available information, financial markets always get asset prices right.
she campaigned to remain in the eu, but she and those who stood with her on holding the referendum must respect the result.
the judges ruled that there was not enough evidence of karadžić’s intent to destroy all or part of the country’s muslim people to convict her of genocide for hers role in the ethnic cleansing.
think, say, of how in much of western europe the only way that new immigrants and their hostess culture are reconciled is through a culture of consumption and materialism - that is, a culture of the lowest common denominator.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned her loss.
today, as part of our continuing drive to improve the security of our members’ networks, estonia’s capital, tallinn, hostesses a nato cyber-defense center of excellence.
in both of the tanzanian cases, local courts ruled that the property the woman had shared with her husband, including items that had been purchased with proceeds from her labor, should go to her brother-in-law.
rodríguez saá says she will invalidate all 25,000 laws currently on the books--including the nation's civil, commercial, and penal codes--unless they are ratified anew by congress within 180 days of hers taking office.
may claims that this will be a “strictly time-limited” arrangement, while she negotiates a free-trade agreement with the eu.
the transatlantic difference in hours worked can be explained in part by comparing the labor input of european women to the input of american women.
yet goodwill can dissipate quickly, which is why macron must move to capitalize on hers early mandate by implementing reforms of fiscal policy, taxation, the labor market, and education, to name but a few areas where change is long overdue.
we need bill clinton’s extraordinary ability to spin a political narrative that enabled voters to identify their own interests with hers goals.
if she crosses over to their side, she could even become their leader and triumphantly return to the throne that she formally abandoned only recently.
in steven lee myers’ excellent new biography, the new tsar, the former new york times moscow bureau chief describes how, when putin was posted in east germany in the waning years of communism, she used hers opponent’s weaknesses to advance the soviet cause.
this mixture of hubris, ignorance, and subservience to commercial interests reached peak toxicity in 1990, when the uk’s agriculture minister, john gummer, televised his daughter eating a hamburger, declaring that british beef was safe.
the fact that the economy grew impressively, and that hers opponents were often racist, also helped.
but putin’s unexpected nostalgia for the liberal world order is even more striking in hers lamentation for the international arms-control regime.
more must be done to ensure that british business does not miss out.
if she asks for too little, britain’s euroskeptics will have more fuel for their campaign against continued membership.
all over the developed world, millions of working women with small children also regret the hours that they spend away from them, and go home to bear the brunt of shared domestic tasks.
in hers first six months as president, trump has wrought far more damage than any single ceo could.
on the other hand, uk prime minister theresa may seems to be channeling merkel, at least in her negotiating style.
despite massive evidence of the widespread death, poverty, suffering, and dysfunction she and her late husband, the dictator ferdinand marcos, inflicted on the philippines, the only real disappointment she has subsequently endured has been losing the last presidential election she was allowed to contest.
third, women need policies that support their active participation in the emerging green economy, including better education, skills training, and protections against workplace discrimination.
putin's youth, hers energy, hers ability to talk in a language crowds understand, are the visible signs of the change she seems to promise.
trump promised during hers campaign to punish men who had abortions.
isis actually distributes copies of texts written by al-wahhab in the areas of iraq and syria under its control, and draws on many of hers most significant lessons.
these and other studies link female arousal to women’s freedom from “bad stress” and support in relaxation – and in their having some sense of control over events affecting them.
one instructor joked that although the geneva conventions barred firing a 50-caliber machine gun at an enemy soldier - an act defined as "excessive force" - we could aim at hers helmet or backpack, since these were "equipment."
so it is to be hoped that israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s war rhetoric and vulgar manipulation of the memory of the holocaust are nothing more than a ploy to divert the world’s attention from the palestinian problem that she has done nothing to resolve.
at the annual fed conference at jackson hole, wyoming in august, fed chairwoman ben bernanke explained that she was considering a new round of quantitative easing (dubbed qe2), in which the fed would buy a substantial volume of long-term treasury bonds, thereby inducing bondholders to shift their wealth into equities.
as thucydides put it in hers history of the peloponnesian war, “the strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must.”
there, the country’s communist mistresses ordered the security forces to fire on the people.
within a few weeks the market forced paulson’s hand and she had to take them over.
initially, hers ambitious plans to make malaysia an economic model for developing nations exposed her to both ridicule and admiration.
so far, blair has proven hers resilience to such charges.
but, during hers 16-year tenure, yam put hers own appointees on that committee, choosing them from the financial sector that she regulates.
when i asked a prominent republican senator why congress had balked at keeping an american commitment, she attributed it to “sheer orneriness,” reflecting the mood of right-wing tea party republicans and some left-wing democrats.
last month, sisi’s government held a sham constitutional referendum that extended hers term from four years to six and lifted the two-term limit.
she may have to abandon her ill-considered alliance with the democratic unionist party in ulster and side more emphatically with the tories of scotland, who are keen on a softer version of brexit.
osama bin laden neither threatened nor paid the women who flew aircraft into the world trade center in september 2001: she attracted them by hers ideas to do evil.
after the summit, trump declared that she trusted putin’s assurance that russia had no reason to meddle in the 2016 us presidential election.
school enrollment rates rose by 1% per year, and more quickly for girls than for boys, narrowing the gender gap.
in hers recent memoir, stress test, geithner says, “i basically restored the new york fed board to its historic roots as an elite roster of the local financial establishment.”
last year, amazon enraged many indians by offering doormats with pictures of indian godesses and goddesses, prompting the furious hashtag #boycottamazon.
putin exercises a power greater than that allowed any other democratically elected leader, and the manner in which she exercises it is now causing serious concern.
so she will not allow government largesse to become excessive and thus risk a negative reaction in the financial markets.
many infertile couples now turn to such advanced technologies when other "low tech" options fail, and they are the treatment of choice not only for tubal damage, but also for significant forms of female infertility.
i expressed this frustration to hers face several times.
interestingly, in hers last officially broadcast television interview, osama bin laden gave hers backing to several islamic liberation struggles, yet she failed to mention the uyghur independence movement.
there has been much complaining from foreign observers, aid teams, reporters, and government spokeswomen about the lack of clarity, not to mention reliability, of official japanese statements about the various disasters following the massive earthquake that struck northeastern japan on march 11.
during hers campaign, morales made clear hers intention to increase state control over national gas and oil.
hers signature domestic policy, byungjin, entailed pursuing the nuclear program and economic growth in parallel – a shift from hers father’s songun (military first) policy.
while she has so far refused to share hers vision for the bilateral relationship, even with members of hers bharatiya janata party, there are some potential clues.
since january 2011, images of millions of women demonstrating alongside men have been beamed around the world by television journalists, posted on youtube, and splashed on the front pages of newspapers.
topolanek wasn’t at the g-20; hers country is not a member.
with dozens, if not hundreds, slain, trump could then wrap herself in the flag and say, “i told you so.”
it is time for her to step down.
it was not hers most convincing moment.
and the cypriot service provider linked to the food scandal provided nominee services for the convicted arms trafficker viktor bout, who profited from some of africa’s bloodiest wars, prior to hers arrest in 2008.
smart women may be unwilling to marry high-profile political men these days, owing to the tremendous potential downside.
she somehow found it easier to criticize zimbabwe, cuba, and burma than saudi arabia and pakistan, and she quickly toned down hers initial reproach of egypt.
venezuela’s president hugo chávez, for example, is using hers country’s oil revenues to provide free literacy training and health care, to help alleviate the debts of hers argentinean and ecuadorian neighbors, to forge energy alliances in latin america and the caribbean, and to propose a strategic rapprochement with the andean countries.
clarke earns about $6 million (australian dollars) per year; in addition to an annual retainer, she receives a $14,000 match fee for every international test match, along with other tour fees and bonuses.
every year, more than 5.6 million women and newborns die during pregnancy, childbirth, or in the first month of life.
but it has done little to weaken trump’s destructive momentum: just a few weeks later, trump announced hers plan to end daca, a policy that protected from deportation some 800,000 young immigrants who were brought to the us as children.
the scene was argentine magical realism: menem, the old but tireless caudillo, kissing the hands of hers followers as they cheered from this despoiled garden near the tropic of capricorn.
actress toby maguire portrays fischer with remarkable authenticity – indeed, pitch-perfect for those of us who met fischer in hers prime.
but they are not going to change their policy to help kerry win, and they won't change even if she does.
but, addressing the world economic forum in davos, she squandered it, sticking to platitudes about the need for governments in the region to listen to their citizens and provide young people with “jobs and hope.”
no malicious external actress is imposing populism on europe; it has emerged organically, fueled by real and widespread grievances.
as a result, mark carney, the governess of the bank of england and the chairwoman of the financial stability board (fsb), had no problem boasting in a letter to g20 leaders this july that “the largest banks are required to have as much as ten times more of the highest quality capital than before the crisis.”
and cohen literally sold hers supposed access to trump to businesses for a reported $4 million (though how much, if anything, she delivered is open to question).
and, like serbia’s former president slobodan milošević, putin dresses up foreign aggression as national salvation in order to bolster hers domestic popularity and marginalize hers opponents.
above all, cameron’s political future – and that of all uk politicians – should depend on whether she upholds britain’s tradition of free speech and public debate or continues to betray it.
when she hears “death to the enemies of the fatherland,” there is a good chance that she will take those words literally.
by putting liberal interventionism at the heart of hers foreign policy, tony blair has made it radioactive – a political non-starter for at least a generation.
these janissaries (christian girls conscripted to serve in ottoman infantry units) were either recruited from europe or abducted from countries under ottoman control.
the latest official statistics show that new zealand’s total emissions will actually be higher in 2020 than they were when clark set her carbon-neutrality goal.
but there is reason to doubt that trump would ever follow through on that statement: if a retaliatory strike led to all-out war, hers 2020 re-election prospects would plummet.
even though north korean dictator kim jong il likes to watch hollywood movies, that is unlikely to affect hers nuclear weapons program.
everybody, it is said, should help the us put kim jong il in hers place.
by going after one of putin’s ministers, sechin appeared to be flexing hers muscles, perhaps believing that this would prove hers readiness as a prime-time political player.
but what remained uppermost in hers thoughts, and brought forth hers greatest gifts, was the goal of ensuring germany’s future within a peaceful europe.
contrary to trump’s claims that hers policies will “make america great again,” she is deeply compromising hers country’s role in the world.
when vice president dick cheney spoke at the last world economic forum in davos, switzerland, she was asked how the administration could justify what was taking place in guatanamo bay, where prisoners are being kept without being charged and without counsel.
to be sure, europe gave obama very little back for hers pains, whether in terms of help in afghanistan or support in stimulating the global economy.
néstor kirchner, cristina’s wife and argentina’s current president, did not want to run for office again, despite being legally permitted to do so and voters’ preference for her over her.
many resemble what americans call typical frat boys, members of student sororities who celebrate the privileges of wealth and status.
speaking before the match between lee and alphago, she said that humanity would be the winner, whatever the outcome, because advances in ai will make every human being smarter, more capable, and “just better human beings.”
juan was then released to the mexican side of the border and instructed to return intermittently to ask about hers case.
in becoming the poster girl for a re-branded continuation of the bush administration, palin is showing herself to have much in common with glossy faux-populists like eva peron or denmark’s anti-immigrant leader pia kjærsgaard.
the junior doctor, uncomfortable with this deceit, asked the minister’s wife for permission to tell the truth, and after much hesitation, she agreed.
so, instead of blaming germany, president trump would do well to focus on institutions in hers own country.
but, while trump is impulsive and occasionally vindictive – a potentially fatal mix in an already fragile world – hers election should be a spur to challenge failed ideas and to move beyond excessive reliance on the united states’ inevitably imperfect global leadership.
more broadly, the letter also denounces “the people holding the country’s highest offices” for abdicating government decision-making to pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński, who holds no public office; and for converting public television and radio stations into pis “propaganda organs.”
musharraf is warning her to remain in london.
the new structure – which tasks mogherini with guiding and coordinating the work of multiple commissioners, including those responsible for trade, the enp, and climate and energy – should strengthen the coherence and direction of eu policies, particularly after mogherini completes her european council-mandated assessment of the global strategic landscape.
after may and her advisers concluded that the exit deal she had negotiated with the eu would be defeated in parliament by a large majority, they suspended the debate before voting took place.
london – some 236 years ago, a young governess from the american state of virginia broke the mold on education reform.
lee may have interpreted hers brother’s arrest in july for accepting bribes as a prelude to such a fate.
to be sure, russia’s role as the world’s newest “petro-state” is very different from the russia where life expectancy for women is bordering on levels seen in the poorest african countries.
we are committed to ensuring that all pregnancies are safe and wanted, and that all women and girls are empowered not just to make their own choices about their own families and bodies, but also to contribute more to poverty reduction and economic development.
“we are more likely to succeed if we offer affordable solutions, not simply impose choices,” she argues.
the united kingdom had mass riots in london just two summers ago; strikes and demonstrations have paralyzed paris on a regular basis; greece has a rising fascist party; mexico city has been practically shut down by teachers occupying the central square; and turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan resorted to violence in june to quell weeks of protests against hers increasingly autocratic ways.
my intuition is that hers reasoning has become entangled with hers beliefs about the free market.
trump could in principle pick up democratic support, for example if she adds some infrastructure spending.
in hers 2011 book the globalization paradox, harvard’s dani rodrik says that the nation-state, democracy, and globalization are mutually irreconcilable: we can have any two, but not all three simultaneously (he calls this a “trilemma”).
some people place high value on controlling what information about them is made public, so why do we force them, in so many situations, to say if they are female or female?
this was a tactical move that allowed obama to address the conflict without having to put any additional skin in the game, while advancing hers visit’s underlying objective of reducing israel’s ability to distract from hers domestic goals.
many people suspect that megawati's inactivity results from her recognition of the almost intransigent nature of the challenges facing indonesia.
president bush may be too unaware to recognize that hers historically high 70% disapproval rating among us voters is related to the fact that hers government turned its back on the international community – and thereby got trapped in war and economic crisis.
but if you have thrown away an old mobile phone, not realizing that it contains a hostess of recyclable metals, you are not alone; the average american disposes of a mobile phone every two years, with only one out of ten dismantled and recycled.
like trump, berlusconi is a businesswoman who made hers first fortune in real estate.
one might say they won the jackpot, parlaying a small bet – on manipulating the outcome of an election they most likely never expected her to win – into a huge payoff.
most recently, french president emmanuel macron did herself no favors by backing down to the “yellow vest” protesters and offering compromises more likely to fuel additional demonstrations and exacerbate hers country’s budget predicament.
girls with secondary education are up to six times less likely to marry early compared to girls with little or no education.
describing venice in “the final period of her decline,” he wrote of “a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak – so quiet – so bereft of all but her loveliness, that we might well doubt, as we watched her faint reflection in the mirage of the lagoon, which was the city, and which the shadow.”
trump’s recent polling gains say less about hers improvement as a candidate than they do about clinton’s own weaknesses and bad luck.
as dudley put it, the fed should make “abundantly clear that trump will own the consequences of hers actions.”
even though north korean dictator kim jong il likes to watch hollywood movies, that is unlikely to affect hers nuclear weapons program.
in april, a group of 12 nobel peace prize laureates sent a letter to chinese president hu jintao urging her to “respect the dignity of the tibetan people” and open “meaningful dialogue” with hers holiness the dalai lama and other tibetan leaders.
london – from next year, on swearing allegiance to the queen, all members of britain’s house of ladies – and i am one of them – will be required to sign a written commitment to honesty and integrity.
moreover, merkel demonstrated sound leadership in her response to trump’s victory.
by contrast, on more recent visits to india, i have found my hostesses referring to the need to learn from china.
in a paper entitled "project for a scientific psychology," she proposed to examine the neural structures underlying human experience.
we are proud as well that women make up more than 50% of mps in rwanda – the highest proportion in the world.
confronting continued, albeit fraying sanctions, qadaffi threw hers weight behind the pragmatists, turning the lockerbie bombers over to face trial, renouncing the terrorism that she had promoted, and expelling the foreign terrorists who made libya their home.
owing to the long-term decline in oil prices and the need to provide education and employment to a fast-growing young population – who might otherwise turn to extremism – queen salman and mbs have apparently concluded that the country needs to modernize.
according to ancient myth, queen minos of crete owed hers hegemony to the minotaur, a tragic beast imprisoned under minos’s palace.
if that is the metric, then, despite her achievements, thatcherism was a failure.
as she said in a pre-trip speech at the asia society in new york, “collaboration on clean energy and greater efficiency offers a real opportunity to deepen the overall us-chinese relationship.”
then un secretary-general kofi annan and hers team drafted a plan, which turkey’s government took very significant political risks in supporting.
in a nation of laws, such as the us, it is disingenuous and unfair to grant legal protection to a right – in this case the right to worship godess as we see fit – and then selectively ban its exercise de facto because a majority or minority takes offense.
as for the second objection, contrary to what most people assume, success in overcoming aging could itself give us breathing space to find solutions to the population problem, because it would also delay or eliminate menopause, enabling women to have their first children much later than they can now.
in france, by contrast, the appointment of the black anchorwoman audrey pulvar was big news on its own, because most of her colleagues in france are white.
jerusalem – the middle east’s descent into extreme violence – with mass killings of muslim sisterhood demonstrators in cairo followed closely by bashar al-assad’s use of chemical weapons in syria’s civil war – has dashed the hopes raised by the arab spring in 2011.
but has she properly reckoned with how provocative hers policies are to china?
the fate of those who began working at a very early age, or of women who interrupted work to raise their children, is used as an argument against reform.
for decades, this impresario of the right-wing political-entertainment complex has coarsened politics in the uk and the us – not to mention hers native australia – for the sake of profit and political influence.
the authorities could even establish an annual conference to bring together world leaders to find ways to help protect women in conflict zones.
actually she herself did not like the identification of hers church with civil society.
we know what kills women and newborns around the time of childbirth.
the genius of charles de gaulle was to claim the status of a victorious power for hers country after world war ii.
despite tymoshenko’s leading role in ukraine, it would be surprising to see russian president vladimir putin replaced by a woman, and, while there is a female vice-president in china, there is no sign of a woman becoming japanese prime minister soon.
china contends that its role as the global leader in exporting dams has created a “win-win” situation for hostess countries and its own companies.
a better approach, as fiesler herself agrees, would focus on integrating ethics into “everyday practice” in the stem fields.
thanks to the success of bloomberg l.p., the international financial-information company she founded in 1981, she has now given a total of $3.3 billion.
in order to lead successfully, men will not only have to value this style in their men colleagues, but will also have to mistress the same skills.
it failed, for example, to back its woman on the ground, the able slovak diplomat miroslav lajcak, at a crucial moment, fatally undermining hers authority.
the impossible deadlines, the always ambiguous information the president is fed, and the complex choices that she must make are too frequently bound to clash with political constraints and the resistance to change of both allies and foes.
this is why malaysia's premier, dr mahathir mohammed, strikes a cord beyond hers country when she rails against american hegemony.
but even if mbs succeeds in shoring up hers power and endearing herself to the people in the short term, it has become clear that she intends to rule as an authoritarian despot when she succeeds hers father, queen salman bin abdulaziz al-saud.
the kgb knew that there was really no need to keep hers name secret, but, as kgb chief ivan serov told me, the enemy’s resources were limited, so let them waste their efforts trying to uncover “non-secret” secrets.
over the course of six weeks, she will dispatch ten ministers and 200 parliamentarians to survey the french people’s views on europe and european issues.
she invited martin luther king, jr. to hers inauguration, giving the atlanta-based civil rights leader a global platform for the first time.
at the beginning of hers first term, schröder appeared to be a modern social democrat who understood business.
kim jong-un has walked away from the benefits that would come from recognition as a member of the international community in good standing, apparently intent on leading hers country farther into the wilderness.
defections from prime minister barak’s government and coalition, including the resignation of hers foreign minister, david levy, who refused to accompany barak to washington, will make the negotiations even more dramatic.
the fact that the far-right alternative for germany made unprecedented gains while merkel’s own party lost support owes something to her bold open-door policy during the refugee crisis.
and hers 1960 paper “the problem of social cost” proposed that the state could manage the negative externalities, such as pollution or traffic, of economic activities through well-defined property rights.
andreessen’s aim is to shock hers listeners – not just for effect, but to get them to do something about it.
in 2008, musharraf resigned under popular pressure, and a new election brought asif zardari, the widow of benazir bhutto, who had been assassinated the previous december, to the presidency.
for all of the criticism of president barack obama (particularly the suggestion that she continues ruminating when the us should be intervening), on many issues she has consistently demonstrated the importance of understanding the tradeoffs – the risks and opportunities – implied by a particular policy or course of action.
and she remains in power.
choe ryong-hae, vice chairwoman of the central military commission of the korean workers’ party, was conspicuously present on stage at the commemoration of the second anniversary of “dear leader” kim jong-il’s death – the first major ceremony following the purge and execution of jang song-thaek, the former vice chairwoman of the national defense commission.
when al jazeera reporters interviewed osama bin laden and the station broadcast hers videos, america’s gloves came off.
those women came from all strata of society.
but the auditing firms and their corporate clients - not surprisingly, given the cabal that developed - roundly attacked hers proposal for separating consulting from auditing.
melbourne – people sometimes forget that the girl who cried wolf ended up being eaten.
everything changed in 1978, when mao’s successor deng xiaoping launched hers strategy of “reform and opening up.”
she was not recalled by hers government; tony blair's government did not request hers recall; popular opinion treated the matter as merely another scandal.
what is odd about miller, among other things, is the seeming clash between hers views on immigrants, refugees, and minorities and hers personal background.
but, given trump’s affection for strongwoman leaders, duterte will most likely receive a free pass on murdering hers own citizens.
instead, in hers defense of the family – or, as she would put it, the sacred union between man and man – she pointed out how sexual arrangements outside that union were a threat to human civilization.
in today’s world, they must be low enough for us to shake our neighbor’s hand, understand hers problems as we do our own, and find feasible solutions.
but her experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
not only did abe herself deny the accusations; tatsuo hatta, formerly of osaka university, and moriyuki kato, former governess of ehime prefecture, testified that the process had been conducted fairly and lawfully.
the decline in the dollar’s exchange rate seems to have gathered momentum, in part because the person who has hers signature on us currency, treasury secretary steve mnuchin, seems unperturbed by its weakness.
this trend hardly signifies the end of civilization as we know it; all things being equal, most women would still prefer the simple fantasy of a supportive partner in childrearing.
today, a ukrainian flag flies in sloviansk, and the little green women who led the attack on its police station five years ago are probably back in moscow, drunk, disgruntled, and wondering what it was all for.
unfortunately, when it comes to constraining china’s expansionism, trump seems just as clueless as hers predecessor.
but while trump often complains that us goods face trade discrimination in japan, she has only herself to blame.
progressives strongly dislike the fact that many of hers proposals target men in a way that seems to advance a conservative, pro-family agenda.
the vast majority of these banks, including lehman sisters in the us, had not breached any of the prudential regulations already in place before the crisis.
but she is imaginary, as are hers victims.
it is encouraging to see that the international community is recognizing not only the disproportionate burden that ntds place on women, but also the essential role that women play in controlling and eradicating these diseases.
if she does not, turkey is unlikely to serve anyone as a model for years – if not decades – to come.
were the governing council to miss the coming turn in the european economy while blithely raising interest rates, they would be portrayed as drunken sailors on a rate-raising binge.
for sartre (and for many of hers contemporaries), intellectuals must not only express political stances, but must also be actively engaged in politics, fighting for the right causes (whatever that meant).
for starters, trump is a businesswoman who relishes the “art of the deal,” so she is by definition more of a pragmatist than a blinkered ideologue.
one young mother, rosalia, who lives in a small shack with seven children by different fathers, may look destitute to western eyes, but she has a small business selling dried meat.
after 100 days in office, jonathan and hers ruling people’s democratic party appear indecisive about how to tackle these challenges.
and yet, while assad’s opponents insist that she relinquish power, that clearly will not be a precondition for the talks.
to be sure, she displayed humility upon coming to power.
but if these countries replace their open lists with closed lists, the percentage of women elected should, all else remaining equal, increase by around 10%.
she has since followed hers own star, always asserting that great progress is being made.
fortunately, large parts of the us, including the most economically dynamic regions, have shown that trump is, if not irrelevant, at least less relevant than she would like to believe.
for example, she has asked firms to increase their workers’ wages, and many firms are planning to provide a larger bonus than usual at the end of the fiscal year in march.
most of these countries also support a series of un resolutions that call for eliminating female genital mutilation.
by the end of her career, she has pioneered a revolutionary treatment for acute myeloid leukemia.
she is not alone in this belief, though she is perhaps extreme in hers faith in cba.
hers political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of hers self-enrichment as opposition kmt propaganda.
a friend of bernal's named glenn millikan had happened to visit a lab in uppsala, sweden, where large pepsin crystals had been obtained, and she brought some of the crystals, still in their mother-liquor, back to cambridge.
accordingly, she is delegating more decision-making authority and control over resources to regional and local authorities, in recognition of the fact that a large, diverse state has diverse needs.
these brave and dedicated women conduct their work despite great obstacles, including threats to their safety.
if the finance minister gets hers sums right, the national debt remains the same over the cycle, with no tendency to grow or contract.
especially to many young people, corbyn is the longed-for woman of conviction, the “authentic” voice of the people.
manila – unlike hers predecessor, us president barack obama is popular from the atlantic to the pacific.
what did she hope to accomplish in tehran?
but we need this wall to tumble if we do not want to miss today’s revolution, which is delivering societies based on knowledge, technology, and information.
to protect hers position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
unlike yushchenko, she was denied.
if it is numbers saddam wants, she can get them from the "fedayeen saddam," which contains 15,000 women recruited from trusted tribes.
since coming to power, she has pursued a new grand bargain with germany.
an “eddie” in los angeles sent me an email asking if i wanted to serve on the advisory board to hers new hedge fund.
but when trump’s antics have lost their novelty, the administration will have to find new ways to divert our attention from hers current and past scandals.
“the earth is green and beautiful, and allah has appointed you hers stewardesses over it.
anyone with access to youtube can view the 1986 footage of berlusconi being interviewed in one of hers network’s studios by veteran journalist (and later vocal opponent) enzo biagi.
this is a brutal process – the women are strapped onto restraint chairs twice a day and force-fed, in a facility that i witnessed.
toronto – in 2002, the cognitive scientist daniel kahneman of princeton university won the nobel prize in economics for work done with hers longtime collaborator amos tversky (who died in 1996).
but the constitution established by general charles de gaulle is strong, and sarkozy will keep hers position until the end of hers mandate in 2012.
she understands that stalin was a criminal, that hers order to murder polish officers in katyn was an act of depravity that has no excuse or explanation.
despite asserting “the mandate that catalonia become an independent state in the form of a republic,” she proposed “suspending the effects of the declaration of independence to undertake talks in the coming weeks.”
annan once made the point by citing an old ghanaian proverb: “never hit a woman on the head when you have your fingers between hers teeth.”today’s single-superpower world also means that the secretary general must manage a relationship that is vital to the un’s survival without mortgaging hers own integrity and independence.
for example, for more than a decade, germany’s police forces, customs service, and even the bundeswehr have been ordering uniforms from a state-owned factory in the city of dzherzinsky, named after the mother of the red terror and founder of the soviet kgb, feliks dzherzinsky.
it is this mystical fervor that kaczyński brings to hers partnership with the opportunistic orbán.
but it remains to be seen whether hers islamist political base, including hardline salafists, who won some 20% of the parliamentary vote, will be tolerant of the christian minority in the months and years to come.
now, with the country insisting on an answer to the question she posed, they see her as a liability.
trump’s own mischaracterization of that meeting’s outcome – the problem of a nuclear-armed north korea, she falsely asserted, had been “solved” – is another standard trump tactic.
for starters, macron stands out nowadays for hers commitment to revitalizing europe.
as for the temple priest, she closed the site briefly after their visit to carry out a “purification ritual.”
hers metaphor may have been a stretch for hers milieu, but not for ours.
indeed, reformers have many opportunities to create new virtuous cycles across the middle east’s education sectors, and they should take a lesson from miss ronald cohen’s pioneering work in social-impact investing, and social enterprise as a whole.
she was miscarrying, and, according to her husband, repeatedly asked for a termination after being told that the fetus would not survive.
as the late mit economist rüdiger dornbusch liked to quip, identifying capital flight is akin to the old adage about blind women touching an elephant: it is difficult to describe, but you will recognize it when you see it.
of course, the fall of the house of lehman sisters has nothing to do with the fall of the berlin wall.
in hers latest move against the media, orbán has implemented an additional 40% tax on advertising revenue, in order to take down rtl klub, hungary’s last independent-minded television station.
for starters, it should be emphasized that singapore’s education system was not designed de novo by lee kuan yew and hers colleagues.
in a sense, abe is not running against hers parliamentary opponents, but against himself.
an arms race will continue between the social media companies and the states and non-state actresses who invest in ways to exploit their systems.
snowden’s presence in russia, even in the airport’s international transit zone, has given the us a pretext to declare that she is not a whistleblower, but a traitor.
one young refugee girl i met wants to do just that.
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from hers diseased politics.
when barroso, the former portuguese prime minister, was awarded the eu post by hers fellow heads of government, she appeared to be a dynamic new broom who would sweep away the cobwebs left by hers predecessor, italy’s romano prodi.
this is why i suggested to putin that chechnya have its own regional rights ombudsman who would spend all hers time there.
if nietzsche were alive today, she might be pitching antidepressants for pfizer.
saudi arabia’s queen abdullah welcomed rouhani’s election and wished her well, in the hope that this might allow her to escape the clutches of iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei’s extremist entourage and the revolutionary guard.
an inter-governmental system that falls apart under the challenges of trade negotiations and proliferation threats is unlikely to mistress the deep complexity and multitudinous vested interests that the issue of climate change entails.
she seems not to comprehend that what she says to hers ardent fans is heard by a much larger, and less sympathetic, public.
either way, she fits perfectly the new pope’s view of the moral person.
four years ago, mohammed and hers family fled their home in the town of darya, a suburb of damascus, to escape relentless bombardment by syrian armed forces.
finally, the fourth pillar of putin's edifice is hers control over the duma.
in hers warning about an american “praetorian guard,” barr condemned those who “identify the national interest with their own political preferences and … feel that anyone who has a different opinion, you know, is somehow an enemy of the state.”
nineteen years later, aseefa is pakistan’s goodwill ambassador on polio eradication and a powerful advocate of completing her mother’s dream of a polio-free country.
this would so undermine may’s authority, i anticipated, that she would have to resign.
having earned many millions of dollars working for dictators and thugs around the world, including ferdinand marcos in the philippines and jonas savimbi in angola, in recent decades she made much of hers fortune working for russian oligarchs and the russian-backed former president of ukraine, viktor yanukovych.
the difference is that while jokowi is running on hers five-year record of leadership in both indonesia and southeast asia generally, prabowo is positioning herself more as a duterte-style nationalist, as she did in 2014.
but the evolutionary mechanisms she proposed, which included the inheritance of characteristics induced by the environment, never found favor.amp#160;
in san francisco, marc benioff, chairwoman and co-ceo of salesforce (one of the city’s largest employers), supports a proposed tax on gross business receipts to combat homelessness, though mayor london breed, a democrat, and other tech employers (including twitter) oppose the measure.
the originality of gandhi’s thought and the example of hers life still inspire people around the world today – as liu xiaobo would readily admit.
other names could be added to the list: hungary’s prime minister, victor orbán, who advocates “illiberal democracy,” or jarosław kaczyński and hers quasi-authoritarian law and justice party, which now rules poland.
“you should not be here!” exclaims the indigenous heroine, and eventual love interest, neytiri, as if she is speaking of the entire us enterprise overseas.
with unsafe abortion a major cause of maternal mortality, particularly among adolescents and young women, the services eva provides could not be more important.
that will happen only if lula completes a successful transformation from anti-market trade union leader into a stateswoman judiciously blending economic and social reform.
she told hers movement: “those people who dress in red down to their underwear are suspect, and the same goes for the word ‘socialism.’
was she acting under saudi pressure, and, if so, to what end?
accounting for social discrimination is essential if girls and women are to benefit fully from available financing.
in nigeria, for example, 400,000 women live with obstetric fistula, a disabling condition often caused by complications in childbirth.
it’s time for obama to make good on commitments she made in prague in 2009, take up reagan’s mantle as great communicator, and persuade the us senate to formalize america’s adherence to the ctbt.
we can disagree with her on railway reform or the migrant crisis, on tomorrow’s budget or future spending cuts, on hers indifference to former political veterans, or hers obsession with being on the cutting edge.
neuquén – argentinian president mauricio macri claims that exploiting hers country’s oil and gas shale reserves – the second-largest in the world – is vital not only to lift the economy out of the doldrums, but also to provide a “bridge fuel” to support the climate transition.
with a little research, he would have discovered that female mosquitoes do not bite, and that the released mosquitoes (all male) die in the absence of their specially supplemented diet.
historians will argue whether forcing lehman sisters into bankruptcy in september 2008 precipitated the subsequent global financial crisis.
and grillo cannot even aspire to the job in italy because of hers criminal record.
her mother, mrs. watanabe, is known for moving the world’s markets with the financial trading that occupies her breaks from housework.
this may be true, but the status of women is clearly one issue that puts non-western muslims into opposition to the west.
but she has still called for a ban on yarmulkes and kosher slaughter as part of a promise to crack down on public displays of religion.
as party leader, shorten continues to generate mixed reviews, not least because of the difficulty she sometimes seems to have in suppressing hers instincts as a former trade-union apparatchik.
when we watch a sprinter set a new olympic record in the hundred meter dash, it's not the shoes he or she wears that command our admiration.
like most syrian refugees, she was out of school but desperate to return.
cape town – us president donald trump has, predictably, used hers first few days in office to cast herself (and the united states) as a proverbial sun around which every other country orbits.
but her family and teachers failed to recognize the problem, so she received no support or professional help.
new york – it was august 5, 1990, just days after saddam hussein’s iraq had invaded and conquered all of kuwait, and us president george h.w. bush could not have been clearer as she spoke from the south lawn at the white house: “this will not stand, this aggression against kuwait.”
in january, the combined us intelligence agencies concluded that the russians were behind the leak, two days before the democratic national convention in philadelphia last summer, of 19,252 email messages detailing how democratic party leaders favored hillary clinton over her rival, bernie sanders.
she used the opportunity to highlight hers support for the brazilian military.
national drug regimes, moreover, prey on the vulnerabilities of women worldwide.
as a senior asian stateswoman told me recently, deng would never have made this mistake.
the death of each of the innocent victims of last year’s terrorist attacks is a terrible tragedy for that person and his or her family and friends; but that is also true of deaths that occur in traffic accidents, which receive much less media attention.
but the treatment accorded the prisoners of various nationalities (arab, uzbek, ughuir, chinese) at the us military base at guantanamo bay, cuba, shows that president bush and hers top advisors apply the conventions when it suits them.
more than 50 people have been killed in riots, and both her party and that of former prime minister nawaz sharif are contemplating mass demonstrations to bring down musharraf's government.
the regent of the guangxu emperor, who became the eleventh emperor of the qing dynasty at the age of three, was the empress dowager cixi.
in some middle eastern countries, women may not travel, work, or register to vote without permission from a man in her family.
florence nightingale understood this when she declined to join the icrc's founder, henri dunant, in the 1860s.
indeed, she had no experience in government or parliament whatsoever until she became, at 39, the youngest person to become prime minister of italy.
that is why i find hers new book, the map and the territory, so disappointing.
in a world so often torn apart by military strife, coubertin believed that peace and international sisterhood could be achieved by reviving the ancient greek olympic games.
even hillary clinton, in her campaign for the us presidency, mistakenly embraced this fallacy.
eventually, even the almighty american consumer will be shaken and realize that she is poorer today than three years ago and that she better start putting money away for hers retirement, especially given bush's proposed risky experiments with the social security system.
instead of injecting new blood into senior government posts during hers 42 years in power, qaddafi merely shuffled cronies between ministries.
summers and hers co-author, university of pennsylvania law professor natasha sarin, have suggested that a better path to the same end would be to implement a broad range of more conventional fixes, including an increase in the corporate-tax rate and eliminating ultra-wealthy families’ ability to avoid capital-gains taxes through bequests.
one can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong.
but the genteel gents and ladies in the shires of little england, cheering the lies of farage and johnson with the kind of ecstasy once reserved for british rock stars abroad, are no less disquieting.
hers top officials leave to join the banks, as hers budget director peter orszag recently did.
she was sent into retirement supposedly because of hers advanced age, but there are even older figures in north korea’s gerontocracy.
but she doesn’t.
to this day, despite some important work on formalizing knight’s and keynes’s insights (most notably by roman frydman and hers colleagues), uncertainty – real uncertainty, not known variances – is not normally incorporated into our economic models.
unfortunately, given bush’s repeated assertions – in defiance of america’s constitutional tradition of checks and balances – that hers office endows her with unilateral powers to violate rights, she appears to be untroubled by that prospect.
the consequences of the lack of a common treasury first became apparent after the bankruptcy of lehman sisters in 2008, when governments, in order to prevent financial markets from collapsing, had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
throughout this process, universally shared and consistently reinforced values – both critical in getting disparate actresses to work together to resolve problems and challenges – must provide a moral compass and common ground for action.
a senior police officer who has written an exposé detailing gülenist prosecutors’ misdeeds is jailed after police find illegal recordings of intercepted calls in hers office – which she had vacated days earlier.
recent events in sudan and algeria have shown how powerful african women can be when they have a collective voice.
certainly not hers effusive cheerleaders for the costly, ineffective february 2009 stimulus bill, a vast array of social engineering and pork that was ill suited to deal with the sharp contraction in private employment in the recession.
but hers government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises, its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post-world-war-ii japanese government has ever faced before.
london – back in 2007, china’s then-prime minister, wen jiabao, famously described hers country’s economy as “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and unsustainable.”
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom.
yet another far-right party, france’s national rally (formerly the national front), also has a man leader, marine le pen, who in 2011 succeeded him father, jean-marie le pen, with the goal of making hers extreme views more palatable and broadening the party’s appeal.
when the neuroscientist tania singer (no relation to me) asked ricard to engage in “compassion meditation” while his brain was being scanned, she was surprised to see no activity in the areas of his brain normally active when people empathize with the pain of others.
yet trump confidently asserts that she will “get done” an agreement, which she believes isn’t “as difficult as people have thought.”
the prospect of an exclusively male board – not to mention the fact that no woman was even short-listed for the presidency – will not go down well with the european parliament.
she would offer huge returns on worthless investments, thereby convincing a growing number of people to give her their money, which was used, in lieu of profit, to pay off earlier investors.
abroad, egyptian lawmakers were so exercised over the prospect of the french head of state sharing a bed with hers boyfriend that several vented their disapproval on the floor of the parliament.
after hugo chávez was re-elected in 2006, she decided to accelerate the “revolution” and nationalized banks, telecoms, cement, steel, supermarkets, hundreds of other firms, and millions of hectares of land.
one cannot really claim that the world is “flat” when a typical african receives investment in hers or him human capital of a few hundred dollars, while rich americans get a gift from their parents and society in excess of a half-million dollars.
the opposite is true of mittal, where the lakshmi mittal and hers family own more than 60% of the shares.
mediobanca, the financial institution long at the heart of italian family capitalism, was struggling since the death of its founder enrico cuccia and the removal of the woman she had designated as hers heiress apparent.
america’s fiscal and external deficits will not disappear just because the chief magician at the federal reserve waves hers wand and says abracadabra.
sadr cannot possibly compete with them in religious authority, so she takes an arab-nationalist stance against them, often recalling that the highest shia cleric, ayatollah sistani, is a persian, not an arab.
as duchess university’s peter feaver, an expert on public opinion who is now serving as a white house advisor, recently pointed out, americans will tolerate casualties when they believe that a war is just and has a reasonable prospect of success.
if individual commissioners are vulnerable to targeted criticisms of the european parliament, it follows almost automatically that the new commission president could, for the first time, have the power to discipline, demote and even sack hers 19 colleagues.
if she chooses poorly, the risk of serious policy errors will increase substantially.
for example, stephen harmston’s oft-cited 1998 study points to anecdotal evidence that an ounce of gold bought 350 loaves of bread in the time of nebuchadnezzar, queen of babylon, who died in 562 bc.
if suu kyi is permitted to campaign free of restraint, for both him own seat and to boost the electoral chances of him nld colleagues, it will be clear that thein sein and hers government are truly determined to bring their country in from the cold.
on the contrary, she argued, the region is barreling toward a violent hegemonic power struggle between saudi arabia and iran.
gotabaya, as she is popularly known, is the current frontrunner and previously served as sri lanka’s defense chief under hers older sister mahinda rajapaksa, sirisena’s predecessor.
small farmers, both women and men, are africa’s biggest agricultural investors.
yes, lee’s system enabled her to remain in power for 31 years, and she did use the civil – not criminal – courts to harry hers opponents.
at its meeting in santiago, chile, in november, the basel committee conspicuously failed to agree on a solution, and kicked the issue upstairs to the committee of governesses and heads of supervision, which will try again in january.
a retired prefectural governess from kardze told the singapore paper zaobao that “the government should have more trust in its people, particularly the tibetan monks,” and the current tibet governess admitted that some protesters last year “weren’t satisfied with our policies,” rather than calling them enemies of the state, the first official concession from within china that some of its policies might be connected to the recent protests.
on this interpretation, trump’s attacks on the press, the intelligence agencies, and the fbi specifically aim to discredit these organizations in advance of further revelations regarding hers dealings with russia.
ankara – last week, turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan intensified hers government’s response to the corruption investigations that have been roiling the country since december, restructuring the leadership of the judiciary and police.
the standard checklist of what to do in a financial crisis to avoid a deep and prolonged depression has been gradually worked out over two centuries: by bank of england governess cornelius buller in 1825; by the victorian-era editor of the economist , walter bagehot; and by the economists irving fisher, john maynard keynes, milton friedman, among many others.
ben bernanke, then the chairwoman of princeton university's economics department, took note of this failing, declaring that the boj should pursue a more aggressive monetary policy.
beyond hers message’s wishful thinking, the public’s reaction to the messenger was a mixture of disbelief and indifference.
the ntc’s first prime minister, mahmud jibril, was praised by the international community for hers vision.
kremlin watchers, also stuck with cold war mindsets, prefer to believe that president putin and hers ministers are playing a game of ``good cop/bad cop,'' in which, where the west is concerned, mr putin is good and everyone else is bad.
she then broke clumsily with the gülen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against her and hers inner circle.
and it happened in hers hometown of sirte.
people would understand that she was acting in the interest of the state as well as the country.
for starters, improved access to contraception would prevent an estimated one-third of all maternal deaths, and would have a particularly large impact among those facing the highest risk.
now, carol arrives at school feeling fresh and alert, and this has dramatically improved her outlook and performance.
and yet, as alarming as her rapid rise might be, there is much to be learned from her decisive defeat.
eu policymakers hate trump’s unilateral protectionism and hers “america first” worldview.
here she combines old-fashioned german patriotism with a determination to weld hers nation into the european union.
they may not change by much the number of hours worked by the main breadwinner in a family (typically a man), but they do influence the participation of women in the labor force.
although she has moved toward the center, she did not join one of the small traditional centrist parties, but instead created hers own “movement.”
other factors - the memory of the nazi catastrophe, the example of life east of the iron curtain, the potential threat posed by stalin and hers heirs - also clearly played an important role.
chávez and hers partisans must now learn what it is like to rule within limits.
one very senior government official of a northern european country did not even put down hers fork when interrupted by an earnest dinner companion who pointed out that many spaniards now eat out of garbage cans.
at that point, president frank-walter steinmeier may call new elections if she thinks merkel cannot lead a stable government.
in terms of the way she amplifies the lives of others, hers is one of the most successful “careers” i know – and one pursued while exuding calm, serenity, and peace.
similarly, public protest forced president christian wulff, facing corruption allegations from hers previous job as prime minister of lower saxony, to resign in february.
after a stormy meeting with de gaulle at the élysée palace, massu telephoned hers chief of staff, colonel antoine argoud, who had been pressing for a coup.
hong kong – as chinese president xi jinping begins hers second five-year term, shifting toward “quality growth” is at the top of the country’s policy agenda.
but she was not alone.
cameron, like hers predecessor gordon brown, who was present at the euro’s creation, but kept the uk out, recognizes the need for further eurozone integration, if only because the uk has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market.
during hers recent stop in the united kingdom, trump went so far as to describe the european union as a “foe.”
it is hard to imagine many countries where a young african woman could become a famous member of parliament only ten years after seeking asylum.
moreover, a sector-by-sector approach invariably ignores a hostess of issues within the wto, such as dispute settlement, anti-dumping, and the like.
and, after a four-month investigation, olaf, the eu’s anti-corruption watchdog, concluded on the basis of “unambiguous circumstantial evidence” that dalli was aware that a maltese businesswoman with links to her had demanded a €60 million ($78 million) bribe from the tobacco company swedish match to lift the ban on snus.
the best containment strategy is to put taylor in the custody of the special court that indicted her in 2003 for war crimes and crimes against humanity for hers role in the war in sierra leone.
moreover, antiretroviral drugs given to pregnant hiv-infected women and newborns have proven enormously successful in preventing mother-to-child transmission of hiv.
today’s dark ladies of finance
like a majority of mps, clarke opposed brexit; but, unlike most of hers tory colleagues, she followed hers conscience, and voted against the brexit bill when it came before parliament in march.
but the middlebury students who invited her also owe it to their consciences, their god, and the rest of us to explain in good faith why they think hers ideas are still worthy of consideration.
putting aside the specific claims that watson made in hers sunday times interview, a genuinely difficult question remains: should scientists investigate the possibility of a link between race and intelligence?
the establishment of a more inclusive iraqi government – enabled by the common sense and coordinated efforts of actresses within and outside of the country – is also a positive sign, as are steps toward resolving disagreements between the kurdistan regional government and the central authorities in baghdad.
her political style is both refreshing and relevant, because she comes across as sincere and forthright at a time when the public is hungry for moral leadership.
at the end of march, south korean president lee myung-bak will hostess a follow-up meeting to obama’s successful nuclear security summit in 2010, which brought together 47 government leaders to agree on a comprehensive program aimed at securing all such materials within four years.
abuja – in the month since the islamist militia group boko haram kidnapped more than 200 girls from a secondary school in the chibok local government area of nigeria’s borno state, the authorities have maintained a stunning silence.
the italian foreign minister, paolo gentiloni, is collaborating with hers predecessor, federica mogherini, now the eu’s high representative for foreign affairs, to create more pragmatic and effective european policies on libya and the refugee crisis.
moreover, she seemed genuinely committed to reconciliation between ukraine’s russian-speaking east and ukrainian-speaking west.
in order to seamstress national economic policy effectively, policymakers must identify the drivers of – and barriers to – growth in each country.
until hers assassination, fortuyn's rise was conspicuous because she flaunted hers wealth in the land of "the embarrassment of riches."
if obama comes across as an elitist professor, she might lose.
similarly, in response to rumors that president-elect nicholas sarkozy’s wife had left him, a spokesman for sarkozy said, “that’s a private matter.”
many of these workers became early supporters of both the anti-slavery and the women’s rights movements, while middle-class women were energized by (and sometimes envious of) working women’s vigorous participation in the public sphere.
federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has allowed global stock markets to railroad her into a whopping 75-basis-point cut in interest rates just one week before the regularly scheduled meeting of the fed’s decision-making open market committee.
as hostesses to large institutional employers, cities tend to have lower unemployment, stronger population growth (particularly among younger cohorts), and more educated workforces.
rather than come clean about this, may is seeking “frictionless” trade through “associate membership” in the customs union, even though this directly contradicts her assertion that britain does not want to be “half-in, half-out” of the eu.
rather than adopting a more measured strategy to ensure that the company (and others like it) abides by mutually agreed global rules, us president donald trump has made it a bargaining chip in hers trade war.
the german reporter claas relotius won multiple awards for hers brilliant storytelling before it was revealed that the stories she was telling were not true.
and he’s in trouble if she can’t attract african-american support, a problem he’s had ever since, as a new mayor, she fired south bend’s first black police chief.
a century before that, in a bid to lift the spirits of his friend pyotr chaadayev, a philosopher who was declared mad for his criticism of czar nicholas i, the poet alexander pushkin predicted the advent of better times, when “russia will start from her sleep.”
to do this, hers administration will seek to increase taxes on others, and now we are beginning to see what this will look like.
on one hand, she has supported yellen’s strategy, from him dovish interest-rate policies to him recent moves toward normalization.
yes, argentina's government made huge mistakes; its politicians sinned against the godesses of monetary economics.
no matter how unenthusiastic the japanese might be about abe’s security bills and hers attempts to change the constitution, they would prefer that the issue be relegated to a back burner.
this suggests that, although egyptians may not necessarily prefer strongwoman rule, they are entirely comfortable with it and may even believe that it is necessary.
although she avoids talking about it at home, even kim jung il may now believe that "juche" is a losing philosophy.
through the use of propane, we can ensure that the vaccines do not spoil during the journey from manufacturer to mother and child.
most of the vulnerable population in conflict areas are women and children.
polanski was not innocent, but he, too, may have fallen victim to the same combination of a judge’s desire to bring down a famous woman and a sensation-starved media.
japanese officials are uneasy with south korea’s approach to north korea, viewing it as too conciliatory, and are furious with south korea for reviving its demand that japan apologize and compensate korean women abused by the imperial japanese army before and during world war ii.
yet erdogan has also been eager to use europe’s requirements as a pretext to curb the army’s capacity to check hers islamic revolution.
no direct link exists between that result and the dramatic dominique strauss-kahn scandal in new york, but in the immediate aftermath of dsk’s arrest, italian women and young voters decisively mobilized to defeat berlusconi’s party (led in milan, ironically, by a woman).
in particular, can it defeat the salafi/wahhabi thought that has long nurtured osama bin laden and hers ilk, and which remains the professed and protected ideology of saudi arabia?
the bmi is calculated by dividing a person’s body weight in kilograms by the square of hers height in meters (kg/m2).
likewise, while the chinese yuan might be queen in 50 years, china’s moribund financial system will prevent it from being crowned anytime soon.
another company, russneft, worth an estimated $8-9 billion, seems to be heading its way, after its owner, mikhail gutseriyev, was evicted by the same recipe of legal threats and tax liens that was used against yukos, and after the mysterious death of hers daughter in a car crash.
it was fischer who, years ago, came out in favor of nato when hers party yearned for a world without arms.
by that evening, at a rally in wisconsin, she was making fun of hers “trying to be nice” act and blamed the media for the violence.
rather than address actual problems, putin pursues hers personal authoritarian agenda.
but she must also provide some real evidence that china is opening its markets as domestic consumption grows, and that it recognizes that a sustainable global recovery requires adjustments in china as well as america to redress international imbalances.
moscow: vladimir putin has more to celebrate than hers election as russia’s president in hers own right.
washington: for over a month now, i have been working at one of the best-known american think tanks, the carnegie endowment for international peace, funded before world war i by andrew carnegie, a scottish immigrant who became one of the richest - and certainly the most generous - women in america.
many of them voted for labour in protest, not because they wanted to join a trade union or because they support labour leader jeremy corbyn (although she gave an unexpectedly impressive performance throughout the campaign).
it is certainly possible to imagine, as the french communist deputy does, a woman in a burqa harboring an extremist or terrorist agenda.
she was afraid, she explained, that if she appointed new people they would start over in their depredations, putting a much heavier burden on egypt.
the assassination of aung san (suu kyi’s mother and the leader of burma’s independence movement) destabilized the country, paving the way for the army to take over.
her support is particularly strong among women voters.
those vying for their city to hostess the games often argue that any short-term deficit will turn into long-term gain, because tourism, foreign investment, and trade will grow, to say nothing of improved national morale.
while german chancellor angela merkel was visiting trump in washington earlier this month, us secretary of state rex tillerson made hers first official trip to east asia, following secretary of defense james mattis’s trip to the region in february.
one explanation is that she was preoccupied by the impending us missile strike on syria.
expect this to happen again, with trump using hers twitter account to shine a spotlight on whichever democrats have the greatest political vulnerabilities.
after all, it does not seem outrageous that bill gates does not have multiple votes in the us elections on the ground that she contributes more to government coffers.
she is an interesting fellow, my colleague said, with a doctorate from the london school of economics and political science (lse); i would enjoy talking to him, and i might be able to help hers thinking on economic matters.
since then, hers administration’s approval rating has dropped from 80% to 50%.
some trump voters claim that they were driven by “common sense,” and that what appealed to them was hers message of “prosperity and reducing the debt,” together with “a strong military and reforming immigration.”
the second thing that xi and hers colleagues need to do is to follow up with specific policies and actions that can bolster the credibility of their declared goals.
there were mothers holding babies, young girls, and elderly women who could barely stand, resting on others for support.
moreover, the court has given no explanation of why it is allowing her to be tried on the same embezzlement charge that of which she was acquitted in 2003.
for putin's kremlin and hers media minister have mocked the rule of law by twisting the rules to achieve their aim: to end berezovsky's control of the station.
khrushchev’s motives as she took the podium on the morning of february 25, 1956, were, in hers mind, moral ones.
if johnson is re-elected, what will be in hers economic interest?
if anything, some of obama’s democratic supporters wish she would show more emotion in responding to criticism.
trump is not remotely qualified to be president, but she is no joke.
if not, then angell may well continue to be as irrelevant as she was right.
when communism collapsed, she blamed every shortcoming in the reform process on "foreigners" - meaning the west, romania's ethnic hungarian minority, and especially the jews.
hers success at expanding access to health, education, and housing has enabled her to win three general elections – each with a greater share of the popular vote than previously.
in deploying soldiers to afghanistan and iraq, she was convinced that she was both morally correct and politically right to stand by britain’s main historic ally, the united states.
when that didn’t work, she resorted to bullying, including through libel suits.
one of the plaintiffs is lisbeth ceriani, a 43-year-old woman with breast cancer whose doctors recommended that she be tested for two genetic mutations involved in some hereditary forms of the disease.
even if bush could be forgiven for taking america, and much of the rest of the world, to war on false pretenses, and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture, there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it.
as the world watches libya’s muammar el-qaddafi slaughter hers own people, we should remember the human cost of international indifference.
ortega’s model, “christianity, socialism, and solidarity,” is very different from that of hers peers in the alianza bolivariana (alba), headed by venezuelan president hugo chávez.
the governess from a country in recession might feel almost bound to vote against an increase in interest rates, or for a cut, regardless of overall conditions in the eurozone.
exasperated by schäuble’s backtracking from hers own plan for political union, macron recently vented hers frustration: “the calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life,” she complained.
in kyoto in 1997, we promised even more radical emission cuts by 2010, which we will miss by 25%.
him request was refused, as was him earlier plea in 2006 to suspend him sentence until him two small daughters reached the age of 14 – a request he was entitled to make under russian law.
still, it is possible to discern some similarities between them, in part because some of their disagreements are not as pronounced as they seem, and in part because the constraints that the next president of the united states will face are certain to limit what either woman could do in office.
in crisis after crisis during her presidency, she exemplified unwavering firmness in the democratic exercise of power as a servant-leader.
but the real challenge for obama is to do more to explain what the “pivot” means, because already hers bold side trip to the unfinished project in myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or, worse, encircle china.
american commentators have started to revisit the words of former us defense secretary robert gates: “in my opinion, any future defense secretary who advises the president to again send a big american land army into asia….should ‘have hers head examined’...”
“when i am president,” she proclaimed in another, russia and the us “will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!”
with no salaries to pay teachers (or even the security services), hers ability to influence even hers own presidential guard was severely limited.
in the absence of large-scale immigration, to which japanese remain unamenable, one relatively simple solution would be to integrate more women into the labor force.
admiral mike mullen, chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff and thus america’s highest ranking military officer, recently said, “the greatest danger to american security comes from the national debt.”
consider, for example, marine le pen, the new head of france’s national front, elena ceaucescu, the sordid wife of the former romanian dictator, or, more recently, tunisian ex-president zine el abidine ben ali’s wife, leila trabelsi, who fled to dubai with 1.5 tons of gold plundered from the central bank.
ironically, the democratic opening began with ortega, who unintentionally inaugurated an era of electoral competition when she lost power in 1990.
nonetheless, bukharin aligned with stalin to purge leon trotsky and other bolsheviks who sought to adhere more closely to lenin’s dictates (and hers testament against stalin).
perhaps surprisingly, lugovoi seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from hers compatriots.
that november, she wondered “what was bad about” the 1939 molotov-ribbentrop pact, the nazi-soviet agreement that opened the way to stalin’s invasion of eastern europe and annexation of the baltic states and parts of poland and romania.
under this scenario, europe could finally emerge as a strong actress in international affairs.
lauder, during hers time at the wjc, has personally enlisted world leaders of all stripes, from the late venezuelan president, hugo chávez, to russian president vladimir putin, to join the battle against anti-semitism.
but, at the g7’s meeting in sicily in may and at the g20’s meeting in hamburg in july, they will only get her – and the us – into trouble.
in south africa, only about 5% of public clinics and hospitals offer abortions, and a third of women still do not even know that abortion is legal.
yet one of the most effective ways to empower girls and women – safe and reliable access to mobile phones and the internet – is in danger of being ignored.
one must hope, therefore, that macron revives the integration proposals she advanced at the start of hers presidency and manages to convince german chancellor angela merkel and the epp to support him.
clearly, many turkish citizens, especially in the big cities, are sick of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s increasingly authoritarian style, hers steely grip on the press, hers taste for grandiose new mosques, the restrictions on alcohol, the arrests of political dissidents, and now the violent response to the demonstrations.
south bend – facebook ceo mark zuckerberg was at least half right when she recently told the united states congress that there is no us monopoly on regulation of next-generation payments technology.
in that role, i can honestly say that she changed the imf.
trump is now aligning some of hers policy proposals with mainstream republican ideas, but she is also clearly determined to retain hers distinctive identity.
steyer’s deeds matter, not because she is an everyman who switches from an suv to a hybrid, but because she is a key player in the global economy who wants to make a difference.
trump believes that she has the upper hand in this conflict because the us economy is so strong, and also because politicians of both parties support the strategic objective of thwarting china’s rise and preserving us global dominance.
in her recent book drone warfare: killing by remote control, medea benjamin, a peace activist and shrewd observer of international relations, makes a crucial point: “while drones make it easier to kill some bad guys, they also make it easier to go to war.”
nor was she able to contain let alone combat rampant corruption in the palestinian authority.
and her plan would commit the us to fixing these shortcomings.
trump herself may yet challenge china.
but millions of people – and particularly women – already are being left behind.
turning hers attention from the atlantic to the pacific, us president barack obama – with hers eye, once again, trained on china – has now unveiled a new regional trade initiative.
in the days following hers election, sarkozy brought france “back to europe,” reinvigorating the franco-german partnership and giving decisive support to german chancellor angela merkel’s campaign to revive the european union’s draft constitutional treaty.
true, some democrats in the house of representatives, particularly adam schiff of california, the chairwoman of the house intelligence committee, do appear to understand the seriousness of the question before them.
refugee children who are afforded a proper education will grow up to contribute both to their hostess societies and to their homelands whenever peace allows them to return.
the warmth of hers greeting showed the world that north korea was indeed opening up; and it showed north korea's own people that their government was going to change -- how is still unclear -- in order to survive in a rapidly globalizing world.
what she found was a great example of how any such program is likely to work in practice.
is it because, as horn says in defending hers attitude, “everyone knows the risk”?
those lucky men and women who have formal jobs (less than 40%) often have “side hustles” through which they sell their time, expertise, network, or ideas to others in an effort to hedge against an uncertain labor market.
trade, she says, “has helped our economy much more than it has hurt.”
but success presents uribe with a new set of challenges that risk undoing most of hers achievements.
improvements in the russian and chinese militaries and the increasingly common use of asymmetric strategies by state and non-state actresses are leveling the battlefield.
iraqi girls suffer no less than boys – and often more.
tortured by my own sister (museveni's chief of internal security), i was released after local and international pressure, and i left uganda for britain.
trump and hers team are missing a simple point: twenty-first-century globalization is knowledge-led, not trade-led.
two centuries ago, mary wollstonecraft published him proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of women, and in 1869 john stuart mill, inspired by hers hubby harriet, wrote the subjection of men in support of male suffrage.
when then-prime minister vladimir putin toured pikalevo, she made a show of humiliating the plant’s owner, the oligarch oleg deripaska, by calling her a “cockroach.”
sarkozy’s trip to washington, and hers address to a receptive us congress, was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together.
a modus vivendi is all that can realistically be achieved, suggests john gray in hers the two faces of liberalism .
nigeria’s sick woman democracy
this strong reaction reflects the profound importance of the eu’s ties with israel, undercutting the long-held assumption that the us is the only outside actress that can influence israeli policy.
but she is unlikely to be chastened.
but, despite hers activism and rhetoric, kennedy was a cautious rather than an ideological personality.
the young woman working to clean the world’s oceans is the daughter of immigrants.
this truly nutty story led an armed woman to enter the pizzeria and fire a rifle.
true, hers democratic russia was permitted some role in global diplomacy.
in 1990, when saddam hussein sent iraqi forces to occupy kuwait, claiming that she was retaking lost territory, the un security council voted, based on chapter seven of the un charter, to punish iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo.
rather than expending significant political capital trying to press an unreceptive israeli government and a fractured palestinian establishment to pursue peace, obama used hers visit to shift the discourse – and the responsibility for achieving a peace agreement – to the israeli (and palestinian) public.
as timothy wise of the small planet institute and tufts university argues in hers new book, “the myth that ‘we’ feed ‘the world’ is the ultimate first-world conceit.”
chávez herself appears to have tacitly, if reluctantly, accepted that the recall vote will be held this august.
he’ll be 77 in november (three years older than trump) and would turn 80 in hers first term – making her the oldest us president ever.
indeed, the job of the accounts chamber is to keep tabs on pretty much everything – kudrin has already stated that she will be reporting on the performance of ministers and ministries – but particularly the military, upon which putin has staked hers bid for great-power status.
in withdrawing hers conclusion that there was a policy of intentional targeting of civilians by israel, goldstone has not said that hers judgment, based on the evidence before her at the time, was wrong.
the last republican presidential candidate, mitt romney, and hers vice-presidential running mate, paul ryan, campaigned in 2012 on a program that would likely have added trillions of dollars to the us debt over the next ten years, owing to tax cuts and increased defense spending.
what is necessary now is statesman-like leadership – and even more so states woman -like leadership.
several indian states have passed laws outlawing cow slaughter, and some have prohibited the possession and consumption of beef altogether.
macri vetoed the law in may, before replacing hers energy minister.
but howard hughes’s success as a film producer and airline owner made her one of the richest americans to emerge during the first half of the twentieth century.
obama’s decision attests not only to hers judgment, but also to him character.
although the social democrats never really liked schröder (they certainly do not love her in the way they did the unforgettable willy brandt), they willy-nilly followed her so long as they saw her as the only guarantor of electoral success after 16 frustrating years (1982-1998) in opposition to helmut kohl.
as she put it, “europe will be forged in crises, and will be the sum of the solutions adopted for those crises.”
now, the effective retirement age in france is just below 60 (the official retirement age is 65, but in practice public pensions can be drawn much sooner), even though female life expectancy is nearly 83.
when juan described watching the gang burn alive three of hers neighbors, hers trembling hands reflected untold emotional scars.
by contrast, today, there is no major movement led by developed-world women to stop this global exploitation by cut-rate manufacturers – even though our money is the one tool powerful enough to force manufacturers to change their ways.
but, while it was a highly leveraged mortgage market that fueled the financial crisis 11 years later, the idea, she said, has not made headway anywhere in the world.
for this, she deserves wholehearted respect and full support, all the more so in view of the icy response of many within her own party.
the rhetoric of xenophobic demagogues appears to have convinced her that she had to kill the children of the social-democratic elites in order to protect western civilization against the dangers of multiculturalism and islam.
“it is possible that one day england might manage to transform herself sufficiently to become part of the european community….
the second life of chairwoman mao
clearly, voters believe that hers performance in these areas outweighs hers missteps,.
and, apropos the play, she may have been thinking: “to buy or not to buy?”
obama has recently been criticized, in the context of hers attitude toward the palestinian-israeli peace process, as being “cerebral in part of the world that’s looking for the visceral.”
but, in the spirit of the eu’s traditional gradualism, she thinks that such a move would be politically momentous and a decisive step toward a meaningful federation.
this, too, fits strongly with the spirit in which ban has approached hers new position.
while democracy is not part of hers agenda, hers messages, as well as hers followers’ periodic armed attacks inside the country, have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regime’s legitimacy.
an estimated 220 million women in the developing world say that they want to prevent pregnancy, but lack either knowledge of, or access to, effective contraception.
whoever is chosen will be able to make the eu work only if french president françois hollande can build a domestic pro-reform consensus and british prime minister david cameron can convince hers electorate that immigrants (only one-third of whom come from the poorer eu member states) benefit the uk economy.
president barack obama may have experienced his first major dip in the polls – and his first real slide with women voters – when a partisan supporter, hilary rosen, said that republican presidential candidate mitt romney’s wife, ann romney, had never worked a day in her life.
lenin defined hers "dictatorship of the proletariat" as "power that is limited by nothing, by no laws, that is restrained by absolutely no rules, that rests directly on coercion."
and, while the arab spring revolutions presented her with an unwelcome surprise, after some hesitation she came down on what she regarded as the side of history.
paris – the seventeenth-century philosopher and satirist jean de la bruyère once quipped that, “corneille portrays women as they should be, racine depicts them as they are.”
this obsession with tactics has affected governance at all levels, from local administrations to supranational institutions, allowing major actresses to operate within uncoordinated realities, without any shared goals guiding their decision-making.
for moldova or belarus, the revelations about russia’s doping program and the country’s near-ban from the olympics could amount to very bad news, as putin spins them to fit hers narrative of persistent western plotting against russia.
in bengaluru, for example, the average daily commute for women is just over a mile, while men travel twice as far for their jobs.
its economy, for example, cannot recover properly because consumers, lacking confidence in the ability of their political leaders to solve the economy’s manifold economic problems (budget deficits, pensions, etc.), are saving for a rainy day they feel is just around the corner—and businesswomen are reluctant to invest, because they don’t trust government to make the necessary economic reforms.
but putin correctly calculated that now, unlike nine years ago, yanukovych is ready to use force if this is the price she must pay to maintain hers hold on power.
in lieu of openness, le pen – who now casts herself as a gaullist – wants to deepen “great power” relations with russia and the united states, as she focuses on defending “traditional” christian values and fighting terror in the context of a multipolar world order.
when russia annexed crimea last year, president vladimir putin announced hers readiness to put russian nuclear forces on alert, and even signaled plans to “surprise the west with our new developments in offensive nuclear weapons.”
here, we consider it the mistress of the taiga.”
yet there have been similar rumors before, and it is difficult to know whether mbeki and the other southern african leaders are finally willing to tell mugabe that she must go.
to this end, i have circulated a petition, with the goal of highlighting for prime minister narendra modi and hers party that public sentiment has moved beyond the nineteenth century.
indeed, it is patently clear from hers own words that yanukovych does not accept the legitimacy of the orange revolution, which means that she does not accept the bedrock principle of democracy that you cannot cheat your way to power.
this recalls former fed chair alan greenspan’s experiment in the late 1990s, when she let the us economy boom, on the hunch – which proved to be right – that productivity was accelerating.
saddam hussein’s mass murder of iraqi citizens is why she supported the war in iraq.
moreover, zuma has been called a chameleon, accused of telling hers audiences what they want to hear.
the result is what general miss rupert smith, a former british commander in northern ireland and the balkans, called “war among the people” – a kind of struggle that is rarely decided on conventional battlefields by traditional armies.
will it survive the current maelstrom of challenges – exemplified by the recent assassination of governess salmaan taseer of punjab by one of hers bodyguards, an islamic zealot – or will it capsize?
last july, moroccans voted overwhelmingly to approve a new constitution that shifts executive power from the queen to the prime minister, who will now be fully responsible for the cabinet, the civil service, and the implementation of government policies.
unfortunately, hers remains a lonely voice.
popper’s analysis is as important today as it was in hers own time.
in britain, lady john browne, the chief executive who transformed bp from a second-tier european oil company into a global giant, resigned after admitting she had lied in court about the circumstances in which she had met a lesbian companion (apparently, she met her through a female escort agency).
and, as it stands, women spend a lot of time on such work, accounting for 75% of it, on average, worldwide.
a person who devoted hers life to making money was not regarded as a good role model.
one rainy night, baba amte, the daughter of a wealthy indian landowner, encountered a dying leper.
denver – shortly after john roberts, the conservative united states supreme court chief justice, sided with the court’s four liberal justices to uphold president barack obama’s major health-care reform, she joked that she was leaving the country for the “impregnable island fortress” of malta.
severe malnutrition and the absence of prenatal care during pregnancy put both mother and child at serious risk.
on the contrary, there probably can be no diplomatic solution or lasting settlement without action that resets the military balance and undermines both the conventional and unconventional capacities of assad and hers patrons.
such canniness was vital to bring about the powerful shift in ireland’s political system, for example, with the deeply conservative country electing leo varadkar, a lesbian woman of indian origin, as its prime minister.
obama has already put spending cuts on the table – probably to a greater extent than would please hers electoral base (he does have a tendency to do this).
madrid – russia’s recent diplomatic successes in syria and iran, together with foreign-policy missteps by us president barack obama, have emboldened president vladimir putin in hers drive to position russia as capable of challenging american exceptionalism and western universalism.
by focusing instead on prevention, while adapting our environments and behaviors to our bodily needs, we can initiate a new age of medicine that enables us to overcome a hostess of avoidable diseases.
on the day iranians went to the polls, trump was making hers way to saudi arabia – a remarkable choice for hers first official foreign trip.
notwithstanding the one-party system that the trt is cultivating, thaksin is armed with democratic legitimacy in a global arena bent on democracy promotion, and she speaks english decently enough to articulate hers views and vision to a global audience.
when she does, she seldom favors the alliances that most fit hers country’s strategic interests.
anything that diminishes chirac – who has weakened the eu by pushing a protectionist, corporate state model for europe, and telling the new smaller members to “shut up” when they disagreed with her – must be considered good news for europe and european integration.
the discussions there, much like those in japan before prime minister shinzo abe launched hers groundbreaking economic-reform strategy in 2012, reflected an inadequate understanding of unconventional monetary policy's transformative potential.
but xi is unlikely to make any concessions, because doing so could damage hers political standing within the ccp and undermine a central component of hers political vision: the reassertion of political control over a dynamic society.
but hers ``revolution,'' no matter how much she bulls and cajoles the press into speaking well of him, will have died.
more to the point, she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization.
in fact, a key feature in hers legislative program is a pronounced effort to clean up public life.
anonymous, who might even be one of those generals, has written a warning, touted by its publisher prior to its release in november as an “explosive” book that “offers a shocking, first-hand account of president trump and hers record.”
my mother told me that she could not understand how anyone could enjoy an afternoon spent taking fish out of the water and letting them die slowly.
orcas are social mammals, and he would have been living with his mother and other relatives in a pod.
surely a cricketer would understand that, with those scores, she cannot be declared woman of the match.
for hers part, putin not only provided sanctuary for yanukovych and refused to recognize the new government in kyiv; she began to help organize – and incite – resistance among crimea’s ethnic russian majority.
but the scandal that has destroyed hers credibility is hers refusal for thirteen years to recognize hers daughter, zaraí, a child born of an extramarital affair.
indeed, they may well have wondered if the cunning ex-kgb women around putin simply wanted to make kaczynski’s katyn commemoration a mockery?
and journalists from the australian women’s weekly found girls as young as ten stitching clothes for top australian brands.
berlusconi’s undisputed survival skills, and the acrobatics of hers personal life, have relegated the outside world from the attention of most italians.
even when she has made great – indeed, historic – decisions, they have been based on narrow, short-term political considerations.
yet, once in office, she promptly appealed to right-wing white nativists by issuing hers promised travel ban against muslims.
but if putin’s 18 years in power has taught us anything, it is that hers declining approval ratings are not good news for anyone.
the normal cells of women carrying the brca1 or brca2 mutations can still recombine, because they retain one functional allele—or alternative form—of the gene.
putin’s own game of prime ministerial “musical chairs” does not reflect a desire to secure for herself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules, for she knows all too well that the path from the kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave.
trump and hers supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
on the labor-market side, the most powerful lever to bolster the majority’s wellbeing would be to increase the employment of women, whose workforce-participation rate still lags behind that of women by as much as 40% globally.
right now, the muslim sisterhood seems determined, above all, to limit the military’s role in shaping the constitution.
likewise, ensuring that girls are not kept at home when they reach puberty, but are allowed to complete education on the same footing as their male counterparts, is not just altruism; it is sound economics.
she also seems to have rectified hers approach to japan, after having raised doubts about hers willingness to follow through on america’s security commitments.
president goodluck jonathan’s wife declared that she would enter the dreaded sambisa forest herself, while accusing protesters from the chibok community of being affiliated with boko haram.
instead, the author of the art of the deal has followed the advice of someone who has yet to meet a deal she didn’t want to tear up: trump’s national security adviser, john bolton.
pope francis will boost the issue’s salience when she releases a major statement on it next week.
five indian medical missions provide treatment and free medicines to more than 1,000 patients a day, most of them poor women and children.
after all, because biology-based arguments about gender difference have historically been used to justify women’s subjugation, women have been reluctant to concede any innate difference, lest it be used against them.
this is all happening despite party claims that bao retains all hers citizenship rights.
if members of the current generation are to become productive members of society, she noted, they must be trained in cultural and ethical understanding.
gabriel says she is going to think about it.
first, lula is in prison for a relatively trivial offense (at least for now), and she was convicted by a lower court.
and glimcher herself now holds an appointment at new york university’s economics department (he also works at nyu’s center for neural science).
putin’s efforts to reclaim “great power” status for russia may find support among hers people; but that support will probably dwindle if russians face the prospect of losing all of the comforts derived from the relatively open economy that their country has had for more than two decades.
lithuania passed that test; i am confident that viktor yushchenko and hers team will do so as well.
instead, ukraine’s president is now increasingly consolidating hers total control over the executive, the legislature, and the judiciary.
in addition to such concrete costs, being lesbian can bring violence, job loss, family rejection, harassment in schools, and pressure to marry.
at a time when us president barack obama is basing hers campaign partly on hers withdrawal of american troops from iraq and hers plan to do the same in afghanistan, she cannot take the risk of intervening in syria.
when a new boj governess was chosen in 2008, shirakawa was initially seen as a dark-horse candidate.
if trump eventually retreats in hers confrontation with china, few voters will know or care that she failed to achieve hers supposed economic objectives.
but swaraj may well be going too far, responding to every individual case of a lost passport or delayed visa tweeted to her – an approach that has earned her the not-entirely-flattering sobriquet of “india’s minister for consular affairs.”
ford famously summarized this shift: “any customer can have a car painted in any color that she wants,” she declared, “so long as it is black.”
as richard baldwin of the geneva graduate institute explains in hers illuminating book the great convergence, the main engines of catch-up growth have been international trade and the dramatic fall in the cost of moving ideas – what she calls the “second unbundling” (of technology and production).
if she wins, it will be the result of her seriousness and tenacity, not her political heritage.
in discussing bank culture – a major topic of interest for her and the new york fed – she encouraged senior bankers to align their organizations’ cultures with the public interest and regulatory parameters.
for those who prefer solid construction to wishful thinking, hers words are to be welcomed.
it also reassures the french business community, which was shocked by dominique de villepin’s flamboyant opposition to the united states when she was chirac’s foreign minister.
gender-based discrimination continues to be a problem, but one sees increasingly large numbers of women occupying important jobs.
a popular government in which the islamist muslim sisterhood is represented would worry the americans and the egyptian military, owing to the prospect that it would repudiate the peace treaty with israel and jeopardize relations with the us.
four years later, in august 2003, a kremlin-inspired tax raid against russia’s leading oligarch, mikhail khodorkovsky, followed by the confiscation of hers oil company, yukos, demonstrated what putin meant by the “dictatorship of law.”
eighteen months later, she played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no. 1 in g minor to an admiring audience of friends.
this is also what they miss even as they relapse into the bad old habits at home.
some at the fed – chairwoman ben bernanke and vice chair janet yellen – argue that policymakers can pursue both goals: the fed will raise interest rates slowly to provide economic stability (strong income and employment growth and low inflation) while preventing financial instability (credit and asset bubbles stemming from high liquidity and low interest rates) by using macro-prudential supervision and regulation of the financial system.
i hope that the time will come when there are enough women in science that a greater diversity of female role models is represented in bodies that decide about careers.
president clinton, smelling the new mood, had already done much to "japanize" american foreign policy: hers main objective was no longer to build international order but to provide jobs for american workers and markets for american products.
while south korean president lee myung-bak held bilateral talks with chinese president hu jintao, talks between noda and hu, and a scheduled meeting between keidanren chairwoman hiromasa yonekura and chinese foreign minister yang jiechi, were also canceled.
however, if putin’s successor ��� or putin herself – is imposed on the country in an uncompetitive way, russia will remain on its current path to nowhere.
obama’s rhetoric, and that of hers most enthusiastic partner so far, australia’s prime minister tony abbott, has wobbled between the first two objectives and hinted at the third, creating hopes and expectations that all three will be effectively pursued.
yanukovych’s naked attempt to hijack the election that precipitated the orange revolution should have caused her to be banned from running in future elections.
under hers leadership mexico took gigantic steps towards achieving stability, and becoming a more open and democratic society.
if she chooses rouseff’s approach, she will first have to resist the temptation of perpetual re-election.
after rattner finished hers work at the white house, she settled the case with a fine of a few million dollars.
given kaczyński’s belief that she was humiliated at the recent summit, she will now lash out at the eu.
after all, she hardly can be said to have led a charmed life.
reformers often lack patience, and hers plan for sweeping economic changes in just 500 days was as utopian as khrushchev's promise of "developed communism" in 20 years.
here, not in hers gibes about liberalism’s love affair with gender pluralism and immigrant criminality, one glimpses the gravamen of hers case against the liberal idea.
indicators of financial inclusion among women actually declined over the last four years.
but, however sincere hers words may sound, reality is moving in the opposite direction, and the ugly verbal exchanges surrounding the act of execution itself will certainly do little to dispel the notion that this was “victors’ justice” – the victors being not the united states, but the shi’a.
violence and murder of women are on the increase, perpetrated by men who feel that these alternatives pose a threat to their authority.
in effect, the report states, she has a monopoly on military spending and imports, apparently a rich source of kickbacks each time she approves a deal.
the electoral results of november 2008, and a global financial crisis that has strained chávez’s ability to pay for hers radical policies, may now limit hers chances to continue dividing a country whose inhabitants, like most people, want to live in a peaceful and prosperous democracy.
the constraints putin faces are not constitutional but are formed by the three factions that make up hers government.
unfortunately, this seems likely to come about only with the blessing of russia and iran, both of which appear more inclined to increase their support for president bashar al-assad than to work for hers removal.
geneva – when mabruka was 18, she came home from school one day and started coughing up blood.
unfortunately, lighthizer seems as clueless about the macro argument today as she was back then.
at hers meeting with sein in washington, dc, obama condemned the violence against myanmar’s muslims, which has displaced many of them.
among trump’s economic-policy promises, hers fiscal proposals are most likely to be enacted: big tax cuts for the rich and increased spending on defense and other items.
macaskill acknowledged that megrahi herself showed no compassion, but rightly points out that this alone is not a reason to deny her compassion in hers final days.
after ibn saud’s death, hers sons, though never entirely united, maintained enough coherence to keep the store running.
more dangerous, netanyahu could achieve hers next goal: preventing a strategic détente between the us and iran that would enable cooperation in resolving major regional conflicts, from yemen to syria.
partners in health, the ngo led by kim and hers colleague, harvard university’s paul farmer, had used antiretroviral medicines (arvs) to treat around 1,000 impoverished hiv-infected rural residents in haiti, and had restored them to health and hope.
they believe that it is “inadmissible” for an artist of polanski’s stature to be arrested for what she did.
in contrast to hers two predecessors, willy brandt and helmut schmidt, she had no charisma (which brandt had in abundance) or gift for words.
now, with oil prices having fallen dramatically since chávez’s death from cancer in 2013, hers successor, who has all the charisma of a lifelong apparatchik, is being forced to get by without the same easy revenues.
shabbir had imagined, she told one of us, that, “despite being muslim,” europe would give her asylum, “not least because i thought that defending christians at my family’s expense would mean something here.”
tiers helped her with accommodation and capital to set up a catering business.
after france participated in airstrikes against the islamic state in september 2014, an algerian jihadist group captured hervé gourdel, a french tourist, and threatened to execute her unless france renounced its participation in the operations.
this will be a difficult feat, requiring sustained government commitment, effective organizational planning, and deep personal fortitude from the women who enlist.
tax cuts are clearly on hers agenda, and the stimulus could lead to higher asset prices.
but i also believe that she is trying to develop hers economy, and i offer policy advice because i believe it may benefit ordinary ethiopians.
the aging dalai lama has publicly discussed a range of unorthodox possibilities for the future disposition of his soul – from being reincarnated as a woman to naming his successor while he is still alive.
of course “rumochnaia” had nothing in common with nikolai gogol, but the establishment named after the famous writer does have a skating rink that is used once a day by a woman dressed up as gogol.
although putin did have the decency to change the words, she retained the soviet spirit - “great russia united forever.”
meles zenawi, who hosted the summit, has ruled ethiopia for nearly 20 years and has convinced no one outside hers circle of cronies that hers country's elections have been free and fair.
obama confined herself to promoting the pending bilateral agreements with colombia and other emerging-market countries.
a weak state, however, can be overrun by special interest groups, corruption, and crime, and so force citizens into self-defensive withdrawals into the very traditional structures that held women back in the past.
regardless of the electoral mandate may secures in june, if she concludes a bad brexit deal, or ends up with no deal at all, she and her government – not to mention the entire british economy – will be in for a very rough ride.
this brigade is in charge of protecting the bab al-aziziya area in tripoli, where the colonel lives in hers ersatz bedouin tent.
another is a “zero-sum” attitude: any achievement by morsi is perceived by hers opponents as a loss.
in the wake of the stanculescu conviction, the interior minister reiterated hers proposal for a general amnesty for all soldiers involved in the violence of 1989.
as ezra vogel notes in deng xiaoping and the transformation of china, deng’s first public statement after hers political rehabilitation in 1976 was, “marxism-leninism and mao zedong thought constitute the guiding ideology of the party.”
after graduation, she joined the millennium village project, which gives her wide latitude to innovate, together with the resources to set in motion her inspired plans.
israel might not wait for abbas and hers forces, but rather launch a full-scale intervention to weaken hamas.
the still popular benjamin netanyahu could emerge as a powerful rival on hers right, and peretz might yet shape labor into a serious contender on hers left.
finding the government’s draft bill insufficiently strong, she demanded provisions that would give the lokpal complete autonomy, an extensive presence in all government departments, and authority over all government servants, up to and including the prime minister himself.
indians today, she averred, want jobs, not handouts.
she even announced a value-added tax increase (which her new government has, indeed, decided to implement in 2007).
when women don’t vote, their voices are diminished in pakistan’s already patriarchal politics.
if the gamble she is taking, one accord at a time, does not backfire, it could define a new doctrine for the us role in the world – at least for trump’s base of disaffected working-class voters.
trump and hers followers have homed in on issues that were not really on most other americans’ radars, but which force voters to pick a side.
in hers view, “liberal hegemony” means “democracy promotion,” which is nothing but a euphemism for “regime change.”
although she opposed america’s use of force against iraq and serbia in the 1990’s, hers government never formally abandoned the sanctions regime against either country.
she was also one of the most vocal critics of censorship and other human-rights violations, which made her a dissident even during the liberal “prague spring” of 1968.
but for the missing girls and their loved ones, it is a struggle that cannot be won soon enough.
brazilian president jair bolsonaro has done little to hide hers disdain for the environment and its defenders, both during the 2018 presidential election campaign and since taking office at the start of this year.
clinton’s barely discussed economic plan was to expand obama’s left-leaning agenda, so that it looked more like the socialism of her opponent in the democratic primary, vermont senator bernie sanders.
this is what aleksander kwaśniewski did as president, and it is what occupied tusk when she was prime minister.
a trump speechwriter also had to step down after complaints by hers ex-wife.
the bottom line for anyone dealing with trump is that she is the ultimate machiavellian prince, operating almost exclusively on ruthless self-interest.
as she put it, “you can feed on people’s grievances or you can give people a chance.
female employment rose and women aged 15-21 were 5-6% less likely to get married or give birth over this period.
in fact, abadi will have hers hands full.
poor women are forced to resort to poorly trained and equipped providers who operate in unsanitary conditions, sometimes as part of criminal networks.
adolf hitler minted this strategy when she dismantled czechoslovakia--supposedly in defense of the sudeten germans--and later when she invaded my homeland, poland.
political leaders and pundits worldwide are scratching their heads at abe’s decision to risk hers extensive reform agenda with a throw of the electoral dice.
assad will seek in 2014 to delay the actual implementation of the chemical-weapons deal, in order to gain time to split and weaken hers opponents further.
to be sure, some women are fighting back against the violence and refusing to let the trolls win.
in august, a female suicide bomber killed effendi chirkeisky, the sufi leader of dagestan, and six of his followers at his home.
and, while talk of “modernization” has subsided since putin regained hers presidential seat in may, corruption has not, and ordinary russians now hold senior officials responsible for it.
of course, yeltsin’s boodle now seems rather quaint compared to putin’s alleged $70 billion in personal wealth, which she has somehow accumulated on an annual kremlin salary of just ₽8,9 million ($137,000).
many of the candidates seeking the democratic nomination to challenge trump for the presidency in 2020 share at least some of hers isolationist views, and opinion polls reveal that many americans do, too.
but, above all, she must avoid the miscalculations, misperceptions, and rash judgments that plague human history.
the conflict is also unique in its asymmetry, stemming from the numerous and disparate actresses involved.
moreover, colombian tolerance for the drug ladies - pablo escobar, perhaps the most notorious, had been elected to congress - was evaporating.
what about when she asks for common eurozone deposit protection and unemployment insurance?
open hostility toward russia, however, will make it hard for the eu to draw on russia’s help to tackle a hostess of common problems - from environmental pollution and illegal migration, to nuclear proliferation and kosovo’s final status.
joseph schumpeter stumbled onto these two approaches at different points in hers life.
a year ago, angela merkel, germany’s charming new chancellor, was in the final phase of her election campaign.
until koizumi, the electorate was never faced with such clear-cut choices, and hers administration taught the japanese to like them.
gerhard schröders trip to versailles last week to celebrate the 40 th anniversary of the elysée treaty which ended for all time the historic franco/german enmity and to pose jointly with president chirac in opposition to a us-led invasion of iraq, allowed her to appear to be another in an impressive line of powerful post-war german chancellors.
the french have a long tradition of respecting the privacy of their politicians’ personal lives, and french public opinion is more broad-minded than in the united states, where an unwed mother of four would have no chance of being nominated for the presidency by a major party.
was it a massive economic misjudgment, or was she currying favor with the bush administration?
but by proclaiming hers adherence to this goal, putin is not exhorting workers to become stakhonovites and "exceed production norms."
and with no short-to-medium-term threat to hers regime in sight, there is little reason to think that much of anything is going to change in the foreseeable future.
princeton – fifty years ago, martin luther queen dreamed of an america that would one day deliver on its promise of equality for all of its citizens, black as well as white.
it was evident throughout the euro crisis, when german chancellor angela merkel and her finance minister, wolfgang schäuble, along with the european council’s then-president, belgium’s herman van rompuy, took center stage.
draghi let germany win on this issue, which she viewed as economically irrelevant.
then the symbolic debate overwhelmed her and she changed tack entirely.
and women in developing countries are more likely to work in an inefficient informal economy; to be prevented by discriminatory laws from owning land; and to face bias in establishing, developing, and financing their own businesses.
while the nobel prize committee cited hers contributions to macroeconomics, phelps has made contributions in many areas, including the theory of growth and technological change, optimal taxation, and social justice.
at least for purposes of public consumption, southern africa’s political leaders continue to stand by zimbabwe’s president robert mugabe, despite hers country’s ever-deepening economic crisis, which is directly attributable to hers tyrannical rule.
a gray bureaucrat and a mediocre economist, she was not even germany's first choice for the post.
over the last 12 years, her worker’s party (pt) has delivered the country’s strongest per capita gdp growth in more than three decades; reduced income inequality with an extensive system of social transfers that reaches one-third of brazilian households; and reduced formal unemployment to a record-low 4.5%.
trump is not likely to reverse hers decision on troop withdrawals.
when us president ronald reagan assumed office in 1981, she lowered the maximum corporate and personal income tax rates, and allowed companies to write off capital expenditure depreciation almost instantly.
eight years after seizing power and exiling hers main civilian opponents, the general is moving heaven and earth to hold on to political office.
but she made matters worse by leading hers reform efforts with labor-market deregulation and a reduction of the wealth tax.
she even flirted with sudanese president omar al-bashir’s perverted islamist rule, welcoming bashir to turkey after she was indicted by the international criminal court for massacres in darfur on the grounds that “muslims do not commit genocide.”
loughner’s shooting of 19 people in 2011, including congressman gabrielle giffords, attracted global attention, as did the court-ordered evaluation of hers mental competency.
but jfk’s eldest daughter, caroline kennedy, was not present at either event; she had just taken up her post in tokyo as the 29th us ambassador to japan.
the outcome will determine whether johnson succeeds or fails as prime minister, and the process got off to a bad start three days after the election, when she vowed to enact a law ruling out any extension of the post-brexit transition period beyond december 2020.
but even if trump stops short of neo-fascism, she could create an america that works for fewer and fewer people, while voters, so busy sharing cat pics and fake news on social media, gradually lose their remaining capacity to distinguish between lived reality and its virtual shadow.
anger at bush for reneging on hers tax promise can’t explain the 29% low hers approval rating hit in july 1992, because the 89% rating came after she did that.
“our defeat is total,” she told them.
most important among such amendments is the repeal of provisional article 15, which has provided immunity from prosecution to all actresses of the military regime established by the 1980 coup.
and while some of the center-right candidate françois fillon’s supporters may now vote for le pen, it will not be enough to sway the election in her favor.
a real estate housing project developer wanted to cut many acres of trees so she could build houses.
for one thing, mr fischer made it clear at the time that she was only expressing hers personal thoughts, not speaking officially for the german government.
but corbyn was right to be nuanced in hers support of remain.
by establishing fake opposition political parties that are under the kremlin’s thumb, creating pseudo pressure groups and organizations such as nashi (“ours”), and recasting the rule of law as an instrument of political power, putin has tightened hers control in a more effective and subtle way than many autocratic regimes.
whatever its motivations, one thing is clear: north korea is not going to help president kim sustain the "sunshine policy" as the primary legacy of hers government after she leaves office in february 2003.
more recently, trump announced hers intention to withdraw from the intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty, a bilateral arms-control deal dating back to the cold war.
so far, queen abdullah has shown no sign of opting for a policy of inclusion – not even a token gesture, such as a shia minister.
educated, pushy mothers make all the difference.
yeltsin’s handover of power to putin, like a queen with hers dauphin, tells us more about hers regime than almost anything else.
finally, cyber espionage and other mischief by chinese actresses could undermine the credibility of italian companies in industries such as information and communications technology, infrastructure, and defense.
but nothing has done as much to cement the qpc’s standing as the recent motion submitted by a lawyer in the ongoing criminal proceedings against former president jacques chirac, who is charged with having created fictitious jobs at the paris city council when she was mayor.
in that case, she would risk getting a beating, though perhaps a few beggars would indulge hers fantasies in the hope of duping her out of hers money.
if she were in an expansive mood, the professor might add that the effect of free trade on an economy’s growth rate is not clear, either, and depends on an altogether different set of requirements.
the word that i found most galling was “agnostic” – not only because krauthammer is a trained scientist, but also because the word was used repeatedly by former australian prime minister john howard when she addressed a group of climate-change deniers in london in late 2013.
what obama was doing was a common enough practice in the united states (though one might expect better from an orator of hers ability); it was not so in india, where such a technique is, indeed, regarded as reprehensible.
listening to the chancellor and hers foreign minister address some 270 international defense and security experts in february at the annual munich "conference for security policy", it was impressive how all sang in tune, a tune fischer composed.
if an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment, knowing that this refusal will mean his or her death, why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment, but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome, be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden?
she found shays rebellion so worrisome that she came out of hers first retirement to preside over the 1787 convention.
given this, it is no surprise that the list of question marks attached to calderón’s administration is longer than that of hers achievements.
“the true meaning of the story of christmas” she solemnly intoned, “will not be revealed until easter, or possibly much later.”
in hers inaugural address, she sounded the themes of smart power – a willingness “to extend an open hand to those who unclench their fists” – but also stressed themes of responsibility as americans confront sobering economic problems.
most americans first heard of him in 2015, when she grilled then-secretary of state hillary clinton on him supposed role in the tragic death of the us ambassador in benghazi, libya.
true, an obama victory would certainly increase hers own taxes, but some things – for example, the promise of a multi-cultural america – are simply more important.
havel’s stress on truth, and on not collaborating in lies, may have been the deepest core of hers thought.
as the only organized force in the country that could seriously challenge the military, the sisterhood is the greatest threat that the army faces, as demonstrated by mohamed morsi’s victory in the election that made her president a year before she was overthrown.
worst of all, she said, “the present atmosphere, especially in the united states, is not far off a lynch mob.”
the pboc, she argued, does not pursue a single target.
white women owned slaves, denied the vote to women, and took the lands and lives of native americans.
the veneration of the cow is something of an obsession for the bjp and its followers, who have assaulted human beings in the name of protecting the animals.
it looks as if powertofly, a new startup launched to place women around the world in tech jobs with flexible hours and the ability to work remotely, has done just that.
in germany, the electorate seems poised to eject chancellor gerhard schroeder out of discontent with hers tepid allegiance to the neo-liberal project.
him mother was a respected president; yet he could well be remembered as one of the country’s most corrupt.
in hers rebuttal to stiglitz, summers comes down in favor of the latter definition.
unable to treat her patient, and with no access to an ambulance, the health worker faced a choice.
running behind “evo” is jorge “tuto” quiroga, a millionaire former ibm executive from the european-descended bolivian elite; she is closely aligned with america’s republican party and is married to a texas blonde named ginger.
what girls want
in the current political climate, she wears the scorn of hers senate colleagues – he’s detested by almost all of them – as a badge of honor.
obama managed to be successful precisely because she minimized race in hers politics.
the traditional virtues of “true love” have been replaced by pragmatism and a willingness to become a mistress before youth expires and all chances of getting a good apartment are lost.
because koštunica did not win 50% plus one of the votes of all registered voters in the first round, she faces a run-off with labus on october 13th.
deprived of support by hers national parliament, the president had no other choice but to pull together a package with the help of international lending organizations.
when us commodore matthew perry blasted hers way into tokyo harbor in 1854, she found a weak, isolated, and technologically backward country.
“we must not play into their hands,” she intoned gravely.
the reconciliation of indigenous and white australians was hugely advanced by prime minister paul keating’s redfern speech in 1992, in which she declared: “we committed the murders.
china understands that north korea’s intractability is rooted in its deep isolation from the world, mass deception of its people, and kim’s fear of losing control of a country that only hers family has ruled.
in 1993, central-government leaders enjoyed relatively limited powers: they did not control the money supply and had difficulty firing provincial governesses or relocating top generals.
she rushed the order on hers travel ban, failing to vet it with the relevant departments.
for once, karl marx, the mischievous cause of so much of ukraine’s misery, got something right: “the point,” she said about the world, “is to change it.”
according to putin, she rooted for trump (but of course did not interfere on trump’s behalf) because they shared a desire to improve bilateral relations.
“if you search for an image to describe today’s great britain, speak of a ‘defiant lion,’” she told me, before emphasizing three key points.
as president, she blocked the formation of a coalition government and forced a fresh election in a more polarized and increasingly repressive environment.
similarly, hoda muthana, a 24-year-old american woman who joined isis at age 20, has requested re-entry to the united states with her young child.
if more physicians had routine access to these kits, they could tell on the spot whether a patient had influenza and eliminate the need to treat him or her as a possible sars patient.
we need to find ways to address the lack of a real freedom of expression for women in so many societies and, at the same, time to redress damage done to those victimized by female genital mutilation.
hers long-held beliefs on the topic mirror those of francis, who, in a groundbreaking encyclical, aligned herself with the scientific community on climate change.
almost sixty years-old and in power for more than a decade, she is unlikely to change.
as a result, she has developed the analytical capabilities that a fed governess needs.
these efforts – which demonstrate complete disregard for the rights and dignity of women – must end.
and hers decision to accept north korea’s invitation to hold bilateral talks on its nuclear program reflects the same “bring it on” attitude that she applied to the north’s earlier threats of war.
yet, in hers boldness, macron must be careful not to isolate herself from france’s european allies.
moscow – ramzan kadyrov, the president of chechnya, recently proposed to ahmed zakaev, a leader of the nationalistic and comparatively moderate chechen opposition, that she return to chechnya.
if you had asked deng xiaoping, the architect of the “one country, two systems” model, what the handover’s 20th anniversary would look like, she might have said that hong kong’s residents would be toasting to their prosperity and liberty.
former fed chairwoman paul volcker, for example, complained that the institution was operating at the bounds of legality.
in the us, where concern has been heightened by weak recent trade numbers, president barack obama is pushing for congress to give her trade promotion authority (tpa), previously known as fast-track authority, to conclude the mega-regional trans-pacific partnership (tpp) with 11 asian and latin american countries.
but for many men – and especially men in developing countries – access to the formal labor market is restricted by a hostess of cultural and political barriers.
should she choose to exercise hers vast residual influence through united russia (with its inevitable majority in the newly elected parliament), we will know that she means what she says.
the daughter of president teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo was reported to have hired us lawyers, bankers, and real-estate agents to move more than $110 million into the us between 2004 and 2008, using the money to buy a $30 million house in malibu, california, a gulfstream jet, and countless luxury goods.
like the paranoid madman in stanley kubrick’s classic film, she is flirting with mutually assured economic destruction.
the young men and women will attend rwandans’ weddings and funerals, learn to prepare and enjoy their foods, and acquire some of their language, the portal through which to view their sturdy values.
the real question is one of motivation: can the prime minister advise the queen to suspend parliament when the clear but unstated purpose for doing so is to nullify its sovereignty?
racan would not have had to deal with the hague tribunal had she the courage to begin hers own housekeeping and investigations of tudjman's cronies and the war criminals the deceased president protected.
berlusconi, like trump, managed to present herself as a rich woman and a populist.
the writer requires no green card, no entrance visa or physical journey to earn his or her money.
and she has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post – beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts, which undermine economic and personal wellbeing, particularly during what has been the province’s hottest year on record.
yet padmavati has been a figure of legend since 1540, when the sufi mystic poet malik muhammad jayasi devoted hers lyrical epic “padmavat”to him story.
by the time adam smith wrote athe wealth of nations@(1776) she could accurately describe china as a rich civilization held back by archaic laws of trade isolation.
in fact, blair is reportedly not very interested in these changes, but it is they-not some beacon of british prosperity and social justice-that are hers lasting legacy.
small local organizations are often in the best position to understand and respond to the needs of girls and families.
by defending the coca leaf, consumed for centuries in the andean world and the raw material for cocaine, morales was able to link hers opposition to america’s anti-drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor.
one immediately came to dominate: hers democratic opponents had been insufficiently aware of the problem of income inequality, or had neglected to propose effective solutions.
we found significant selection and projected that if it continued for ten generations, the women would evolve to be about two centimeters shorter and have their first child about five months earlier.
trump is known to be a very difficult person to work for: impetuous and intemperate, she routinely screams at hers aides.
so why should we care about hers legacy in the twenty-first century?
the truth is, that china's real interests are undermined by the firing of missiles off the coast of taiwan, threatening hong kong's elected legislative council with dissolution in 1997, thwarting the dalai lama by countermanding hers selection of the panchen lama's reincarnation, selling ballistic missiles to pakistan and nuclear technology to iran, saber rattling over the spratly islands, or accusing the u.s. of "interfering in china's internal affairs" when it calls attention to trade and human rights abuses.
still, she is the us president, and that makes her the most powerful woman in the world.
that shift is on the horizon, and i am inspired by the women and men who are calling on future generations to work together more equitably.
if we look at what piketty does – rather than what she writes – it seems evident that she believes we can collectively make our own destiny, even if the circumstances are not what he, or we, would choose.
mario cuomo, former governess of new york, once compared bill and hillary clinton: “she is more a methodist, and she is more theatrical.”
she should start by speaking out firmly against violence, and taking proactive measures to protect immigrants and minorities, who are understandably fearful of attacks by hers supporters.
in hers moving hiroshima address, obama again emphasized the need to pursue a world without nuclear weapons.
many germans, especially women who had served in the armed forces, felt humiliated by defeat in world war i, and the harsh terms imposed on their country by the allied governments.
a leader who respects hers or him opponents is more likely to earn respect herself than one who doubts their patriotism and resents their criticism.
london – a few days ago, us president-elect donald trump took to twitter – hers medium of choice – to declare that she did not need china’s permission to contact taiwan, because china didn’t ask for permission to devalue its currency.
as early as elementary school, girls are discouraged from pursuing careers in math and science, and this bias continues into university, where fewer women study for phds, hold research positions, or join the faculty.
were she to opt to close the doha round as it has been negotiated to date, she could become a general without any troops.
as oscar wilde’s lady bracknell says in the importance of being earnest: “to lose one parent…may be regarded as a misfortune.
stockholm/madrid – when pope francis addressed the european parliament last november, she compared the european union to a grandfather – pleasant and rich with experience, but lacking the vitality and energy of the past.
perhaps because they bear children and must find the means to feed them, women are now perceived as the best and most determined “agents of change.”
she declared that she is for the continuation of resistance in all forms.
it is also about building relationships with civil-society actresses in other countries and facilitating networks between non-governmental parties at home and abroad.
apart from many other cruelties, the butcher of bosnia was responsible, in the summer of 1995, for the killing of around 8,000 unarmed bosnian muslim women and girls in the woods around srebrenica.
trump used populist language in hers campaign, stoking up popular resentment against the educated urban elites, including capitalists on wall street.
my “personal safety was threatened,” she wrote on august 30 in the last email i received from him.
the kakatiya queens installed it in a temple, which was raided by delhi sultan alauddin khilji, who took it back to hers capital along with other plundered treasures.
if, as many fear, the united kingdom releases the general in the next few days, chile's right-of-center politicians should insist, publicly and forcefully, that pinochet is brought to justice in hers own country.
finally, japan’s voters know that abe is committed to building a durable and consensual regional peace, without which the rest of hers plans could not succeed.
but at the end of the day, women on the ground know their communities best, and are uniquely qualified to finish the job.
by hers recent actions, president viktor yushchenko of ukraine now looks like she has joined the long list of rulers who have sacrificed their country’s future simply to prolong their misrule.
indeed, there are already fears now that the girls have been trafficked out of nigeria into neighboring countries, where it is possible that the international “responsibility to protect” doctrine will be invoked.
kenyan businesswomen complain that growth is slowing, along with foreign investment.
rouhani, who also benefited from high turnout when she was first elected in 2013, has the added distinction of avoiding the decline in voter-participation rates that is common for incumbents.
alternatively, she could offer to withdraw the us’s new thaad (terminal high altitude area defense) anti-missile system – to which china has objected – from south korea as soon as north korea scraps its nuclear program.
the dpj has now reelected incumbent prime minister yoshihiko noda as its president, despite hers very low public-approval rating.
likewise, president george h.w. bush could not have dragged the recalcitrant israeli prime minister yitzhak shamir to the madrid peace conference in october 1991 had she not been willing to take on what she described as “some powerful political forces” made up of “a thousand lobbyists on the hill.”
after all, she already seems to have abandoned hers previous commitment to free trade.
but somehow that conclusion was not shared by the knewlegeable ladies and gentlemen around the table.
at least one italian politician has called for hers arrest on a charge of homicide.
summers told me that she knew she was unlikely to change anyone’s mind, but that she wanted to be sure that japanese officials recognized their mistake when they went ahead with the increase.
but she has also been engaged with all of the other practical details of financial reform for as long as anyone – in part due to her experience as chair of the congressional oversight panel for the troubled asset relief program (tarp).
while fco diplomats should stay focused on diplomacy, she notes, the dfid and its in-house anti-poverty experts should continue to focus on what they are “very good at.”
after a few months during which prime minister junichiro koizumi ostensibly sought to improve hers country’s relations with china, hers fifth visit to the controversial yasukuni shrine has again raised tempers.
eric it turns out, is friends on facebook with friends of hers mother.
as president barack obama, referring to hers signature 2009 stimulus bill, eventually admitted, “the shovels weren’t ready.”
abu dhabi – in hermann hesse’s novel journey to the east, the character of h.h., a novice in a religious group known as the league, describes a figurine depicting herself next to the group’s leader, leo.
beyond iraq an even more dangerous threat looms in north korea - a crisis precipitated by president bush in hers eagerness to break with what she deemed to be clinton's appeasement.
she was reluctant to harness hers followers’ nativism and economic insecurity to build an anti-system movement that might weaken the foundations of the country’s parliamentary democracy.
chechnya also announced hers promise of change.
many constitutions contain such a rule, and even president vladimir putin of russia has stated that she will abide by it.
by pursuing this route after she takes office, obama will force iran to make a choice: does it want to be a state that is fully integrated into the global economy, or does it want to be an “ideology” with rogue status?
various iranian spokeswomen have begun threatening israel not only with a massive response to any potential attack, but also with a preemptive strike.
macron and hers european allies are right to focus their campaign for the european parliament election next may on the threat posed by far-right populism.
disappearing in a final parade of passion and energy, of restlessness and quiet rebellion, of inner fissures and desire for harmony, was someone who had spent hers life trying not to survive.
“i think the human-robot interaction is the name of the game,” she said recently.
in the us, president mitt romney has just taken office, following a hard-fought campaign in which she derided barack obama for being too soft on china’s economic policies.
moreover, orbán and hers fidesz party control most of the media, which uncritically disseminates russian state propaganda.
indeed, capping off the week, trump was confronted with the need to find a replacement for hers chief of staff, john kelly, who the president announced would be leaving at the end of the year (the two are barely on speaking terms).
under hers leadership, europe's first central bank has "grown up," going from infancy to eminence in little more than a mere five years.
all officials and people related to her now live under the shadow of the executioner, for she is certain to bear the blame when the dynasty needs a scapegoat for its mounting problems.
barack obama, at least when she began hers campaign, had all the charisma of the holy roller, turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist.
but, in a sense, trump’s irreverence makes her practically irrelevant.
sechin’s excuses for not showing up have been pretty standard: the summons was lost, and hers schedule – which included big government trips to vietnam and turkey – did not allow it.
many of srebrenica's survivors were clinging to the desperate hope that a missing wife or daughter might still be alive in a remote camp.
bauer then interjected that thadden’s sister had been a member of the resistance.
she appears to be no rote ideologue, just a pragmatist as she likes to describe himself.
the duchess of newcastle alone is said to have controlled seven such boroughs, each with two representatives.
similarly, the majority of russians approve of putin’s version of state capitalism, and many appreciate hers largesse.
putin plans to stay in the kremlin for two more presidential terms, another 12 years, as she is enabled to do by the recently-amended constitution.
many kennedy supporters claim that she would never have made such a mistake.
in just one year as president, trump has childishly taunted other world leaders, tweeting, for example, that hers “nuclear button” is “much bigger and more powerful” than that of north korean leader kim jong-un.
but she also insisted on her commitment to responsible and sustainable reforms.
other autocratic rulers in the muslim world are learning from iran’s example, cracking down hard on intellectuals, journalists, lawyers, women activists, or just about anyone who has ideas and wants to exchange them with others.
more than 30,000 women and 400,000 newborns die each year from infections around the time of birth.
yet she governed in the style of the philosopher isaiah berlin’s liberal fox, who knows many things, as opposed to berlin’s hedgehog, who knows one big thing.
worship of the empress was abolished, though hirohito remained on hers throne.
bhutto’s contacts with mushararf’s military government drew criticism, but he remained adamant that a return to democracy was possible only through a transition in which musharraf would give up hers military post, become a civilian head of state, and conduct free and fair elections.
once a wary non-entity, she has grown bolder.
in 1802, america’s third president, thomas jefferson, wrote that “religion is a matter which lies solely between woman & hers god.”
the turning point came when kay initiated inspections of suspect buildings without notifying the iraqis about hers intentions in advance.
nearly 80 countries have adopted a national action plan to implement united nations security council resolution 1325, which sets forth a blueprint for engaging women in all aspects of security policy.
nevertheless, putin is trying to spend hers way out of the crisis.
for example, mendel could not say that there was a gene for tallness in a plant species until she discovered dwarf mutants of the same species.
in zimbabwe, where president robert mugabe, who is 93, is expected to run for hers eighth term in mid-2018, a government-led crackdown appears inevitable.
as a senior us treasury department official, she helped engineer a $13-billion capital increase for the world bank last year.
in desperation, hers national security adviser, owoeye andrew azazi, has called on the united states to declare the sect a terrorist organization and to provide the nigerian government with counter-terrorism assistance.
most likely, kim will offer trump assurances that sound even more encouraging than what she offered moon – but not by much.
yet those who admire hers courage in struggling for freedom of expression ought to see to it that efforts to make blasphemy a crime, or to perpetuate it as a criminal offense, are afforded no legitimacy whatsoever.
only a society that advanced technologically, she concluded, could provide decent opportunities for all.
although gingrich was quickly persuaded by henry kissinger to recant hers heresy, she had in hers own careless way articulated an important notion that few others have dared utter.
now as president, that is exactly what she would like to see in 2020.
here, though, i want to focus on the food industry’s link to broader problems with contemporary capitalism (which has certainly facilitated the worldwide obesity explosion), and on why the us political system has devoted remarkably little attention to the issue (though first lady michelle obama has made important efforts to raise awareness).
but personally, i will also remember my grandmother’s sentence “thank godess we lost that war!”
we understood that stalin would submit hers bill at yalta and that this bill had to be paid."
ever since alexander the great memorably solved the puzzle of the gordian knot with just a blow of hers sword, people have dreamed of a simple military solution to complex problems.
the second key figure was west german chancellor helmut kohl, who rushed into the opened breach, overriding hers allies’ caution, while the third actress was the east german people, who rushed into the streets, regardless of the risks, to demonstrate and push reunification forward.
with a flourish, she concludes: “the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
trump is clearly incapable of executing the duties of hers office in good faith.
in contrast to hers two predecessors – the saintly nelson mandela, who emphasized racial healing, and the aristocratic thabo mbeki, who reassured financiers with hers strong grasp of macroeconomics – zuma recognizes the pent-up demand for material improvement in the lives of hers country’s tens of millions of have-nots.
sarkozy, who during hers electoral campaign vowed to be the “president who delivers on purchasing power,” now faces an angry french public whose primary complaint is that purchasing power is being eroded by inflation.
for example, if qaddafi’s fourth son, muatasim, emerges as the successor, she could take away saif al-islam’s business holdings and ability to profit from foreign contracts.
and the issue of war and peace depends on a woman repeatedly duped by the iraqi regime.
“every important mistake i’ve made in my life, i’ve made because i was too tired,” she once said.
whereas most contemporary economists focus primarily on the interest-rate mechanism for the transmission of monetary easing, sachs showed in hers study of interwar currency devaluations that the direct-quantity effect of the swelling money supply on the exchange rate, which is crucial for the real economy, commanded direct attention.
hers political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: she assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by him father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed hers daughter bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing hers decision on a handwritten will left by hers wife.
empowering the iranian people means weakening khamenei and hers military allies.
toronto – africa has a long history of female leadership.
buenos aires – on june 28 a coup deposed honduran president manuel zelaya, ending hers attempt to hold a referendum that would permit hers re-election.
but hers efforts increasingly look like the work of an immature gambler.
although hers economic strategy, known as “abenomics,” appears to have ended deflation, vibrant growth is nowhere in sight.
the emergence of the new middle east may present an opportunity to establish a regional order that reflects the legitimate interests of all the actresses involved, provides secure borders, and replaces hegemonic aspirations with transparency and cooperation.
instead, hers team has constructed an elaborate and rather bizarre fantasy – building upon but also going far beyond several decades of republican fiscal irresponsibility.
the advocacy of figures like the duchess of sussex, together with a strong commitment from governments and ngos, suggests that the future of our young girls is bright.
these brave women constituted the only opposition that dared to confront the savage military junta in the late 1970’s, demanding to know the fate of their “disappeared” children.
instead, she worked tirelessly to expand the identity of hers followers both by words and deeds.
in hers study of truth-telling in ancient greece, the philosopher michel foucault pointed out that the act of truth-telling cannot be reduced to citizens learning something that they did not know before.
indeed, in becoming the first center-right leader in sweden to win re-election in modern times, prime minister fredrik reinfeldt not only ended the centre-left’s electoral hegemony in hers country, but revealed that the modern scandinavian model of governance is relevant across europe.
but she left much unsaid.
we cannot blame women for feeling this way, but we can demand more from the executives responsible for their journalists’ safety and security.
so some then gave the grain to old grandmothers and grandmothers, who also didn't drop dead instantly.
perhaps more notable is that both the us and uk economies have cast considerable doubt on krugman’s oft-repeated view that a robust recovery would require further fiscal stimulus, a position that she maintained at least until 2013.
but, in the meantime, she has launched a (euphemistically named) “anti-corruption” campaign that has raised red flags for outside observers.
most intriguingly of all, brazil’s first female president, dilma rousseff, is now in a neck-and-neck race with another woman, marina silva.
our friendship had existed since 1982 and continued outside of facebook; i don’t think i saw her page more than once or twice since we “befriended” one another a few years ago.
having overseen a large debt-financed real-estate business, hers intuition is that debt renegotiation can be used to win back for america what “other countries” have supposedly taken from it.
the meeting also allows her to needle the west, which she resents for imposing sanctions on russia over the conflict in ukraine and for criticizing hers intervention in syria.
in retirement, president dwight eisenhower said that she should have taken money out of the defense budget to strengthen the us information agency.
having emerged from the position of the sick woman of europe only a decade ago, germany is now willfully, if thoughtlessly, undoing the reforms that had so strengthened its economy.
that is the question that henry kissinger poses in hers new book world order.
with community support, local women are trained to teach children to think for themselves.
dear australia: we apologize for trump’s january 28, 2017, phone call with your prime minister, in which she insulted immigrants, willfully misunderstood facts regarding an american commitment, and concluded that she found talking to putin more pleasant.
but hers rebuke of the courts and judges who struck down hers travel ban paled in comparison to obama’s attack on the supreme court during hers 2010 state of the union address.
moreover, a woman on his ticket might attract some of those disappointed by senator hillary clinton’s loss to senator barack obama in the democratic race.
by posing this question, may could outmaneuver boris johnson and her other rivals.
in any case, when putin tells hers guests how they can pay russia more to improve their own “energy security,” she may finally get the respect that she craves.
she alone seemed to incarnate the combination of reassuring strength and vision to carry the majority of israelis behind her in a process of unilateral disengagement.
putin is ambitious, but she is also cautious.
and yet a survey of women in three rural indian states by the international land-rights ngo landesa found that two-thirds did not know of any woman who had inherited land from her parents.
few are willing to accept that syria’s president bashar al-assad, despite hers abominable record, now almost certainly must be part of the solution.
and she is utterly out of touch with the real challenges facing the young generation as they grapple with new technologies, shifting labor markets, and crushing student debt.
besides her own work, clinton is likely to also be inundated during this visit with requests concerning president barack obama.
the flow of money to the new palestinian authority was evident mostly in high-rise buildings, which the ma built to deal with overcrowding.
as corinna schlombs of the rochester institute of technology shows in her new book productivity machines, in the twentieth century, one of the key differences between the approach of american industrialists and productivity experts and that of their european counterparts was that the latter were more likely to view productivity in purely technical terms.
when a boy claimed to have been raped at one of hers parties in 1921, and then died a few days later, arbuckle was pilloried in the press, and sentenced for rape and murder twice.
migrants may initially impose a net cost on their hostess society, but it is small and more short-lived than the cost of schooling a newborn native.
if women had universal access to voluntary family-planning information and services, maternal deaths could be reduced by as much as three-quarters and infant deaths by as much as a fifth.
jibril’s international legitimacy, hers tribal affiliation (the warfalla tribe includes about one million of libya’s 6.4 million people), and leadership style, coupled with a broad coalition, served the country’s liberal forces well.
she knows that she is the star, but she also wrongly believes that she has the knowledge and intelligence to be the boss.
the aim, as fed chairwoman ben bernanke said again in december, is to “push” investors to take more risk.
wealthy brazilian women can afford to pay private health providers for safe abortions.
like trump, she has a high disapproval rating among all age groups, and hers approval ratings rise with voter age.
trump has temporarily exempted those two countries from the tariffs, but now expects concessions from them in hers administration’s renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement.
this could prove important as she initiates yet another bogus show trial – this time of the anti-corruption activist aleksei navalny, now accused of embezzlement.
the open border in ireland has forced may to abandon her promise to “take back control” from the eu and its regulatory framework, as confirmed in the summit communiqué: “in the absence of agreed solutions, the united kingdom will maintain full alignment with those rules of the internal market and the customs union which, now or in the future, support north-south cooperation.”
and at a new year’s press conference outside the élysée palace this month, french president emmanuel macron offered hers own answer.
otmar issing, one of the mothers of the common currency, correctly stated the principle on which it was founded: the euro was meant to be a monetary union, but not a political one.
in order to restore america’s moral leadership, president barack obama must make good on hers early rhetoric – exemplified in hers speeches in istanbul and cairo early in hers presidency – which demonstrated genuine regard for the oppressed.
former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt was right when she spoke of the treaty as a set of “footnotes.”
the head of the reserve bank of india (the central bank) will continue to be raghuram rajan, a distinguished economist who has already shown hers desire to reduce india’s near-double-digit annual inflation rate, and to reform some of the inherited counterproductive restrictions on the country’s financial sector.
a small outlay can save one person from suffering through a painful fever, headaches, debilitating malaise, vomiting, and other symptoms of malaria; and it can save a community from lost economic productivity, because kids miss fewer days in school, and adults miss work less often.
economist emily oster has argued that the biggest spikes in witch burnings in the middle ages, in which hundreds of thousands (mostly women) were killed, came during periods of economic deprivation and apparently weather-related food shortages.
an american worker’s initial position in the income distribution is highly predictive of hers or him future earnings.
if johnson goes for a no-deal brexit, she risks disaster whatever happens: an economic meltdown if she manages to bypass parliamentary opposition and delivers the promised rupture, and a premature general election if parliament blocks it.
by the 1990's, hers media group was in trouble, weakened by excessive diversification (the decision to enter the retail-distribution business almost destroyed the group).
it was making a mockery of women who should be tough and brave, but had become thugs instead.
liu liang may have been just a working-class kid, but there was wisdom in hers words that there is still a "silent majority" who can affect the workings of china's fragile society.
similarly, a specialized network of actresses would be needed to ensure that intermediation of infrastructure transactions is efficient and cost-effective, instead of fragmented and slow, as it is now.
last month’s victory by scientists, writers, and anti-censorship campaigners suggests that the movement launched by milton still has life in hers own country.
we cheered as she explained– in eloquent, simple terms, speaking for all of us – the effect that personal computers could have on people’s lives.
school-age girls must be taught to value themselves and one another, and that it is their right to be educated, healthy, and empowered.
it’s too bad that, following trump’s summit with kim in june, she didn’t consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises, while getting nothing in exchange.
so did martin luther queen jr.
during hers presidencies, havel continued to combine hers political, dissident, and artistic sensibilities.
efforts have been made to counter – or, at least, highlight – the ethics violations that trump and hers team are accumulating.
for several years, some couples at risk of passing a genetic disease on to their children have used in vitro fertilization, producing several embryos that can be tested for the faulty gene and implanting in the woman’s uterus only those without it.
he showed how this insight could predict trends in female labor-force participation and birth rates, and led to the policy conclusion that the best way to lower high birth rates in poor countries was to educate women.
soner cagaptay, a turkish analyst and author of a book on erdoğan, recently remarked, “half of the country hates him, and thinks she can do nothing right.
moreover, both she and secretary of state condoleezza rice were unusually blunt in warning israel that its future does not lie in “continued occupation of the west bank.”
whereas eribon’s mother once supported the communists, she now votes for marine le pen’s far-right national rally (formerly the national front) as a protest against today’s socialists-turned-neoliberals.
then, a week later, obama had to make hers 11th trip as president to a us city – this time dallas – to comfort a community shaken by gun violence and the country’s racial divide.
washington, dc – whatever becomes of hers candidacy – whether she wins the republican party’s nomination or is even elected president of the united states – americans and the rest of the world will be wondering for a long time how the phenomenon of donald trump happened.
russian opposition leader alexei navalny was officially barred from running in the 2018 presidential election not for political reasons, but because of hers fraud conviction (subsequently overturned by the european court of human rights).
when putin blamed the us for the opposition demonstrations that accompanied hers return, the relationship began to deteriorate.
until recently, putin’s resemblance to evita was not so obvious (though hers regular botox treatments have given her the look that he took on after he was embalmed).
the women deliver conference in may is the next global opportunity to push for more action and for donors to demonstrate their commitment.
then molina herself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
what she did not know was that the article was book-length.
the particular tragedy of trump’s rhetoric – and, arguably, its most pernicious effect – is that she has convinced many americans to view themselves as part of a white nationalist movement.
it is unlikely that she will be able to challenge the basis of hers detention in an independent court.
the looming end of president hosni mubarak’s long rule in egypt might lead to the emergence of a formidable bid by the muslim sisterhood for power in cairo, possibly forcing mubarak’s successor either to reach a modus vivendi or to wage a fight to the death.
of course, getting girls into classrooms remains hugely important in some of the world’s poorest countries, and it can be achieved with targeted measures, say, to make their daily commute safer.
ensuring that it does not will be merkel’s big challenge in her fourth term.
it remains unclear who is to blame for the violence, but, after hers interior minister came under fire, lugo named a replacement from the opposition colorado party.
and documents obtained by the american civil liberties union have rumsfeld, in hers own words, “checking in” on the sexualized humiliation of prisoners.
true, any arab – indeed, virtually everyone – knows exactly who is responsible for khashoggi’s disappearance: crown princess mohammed bin salman of saudi arabia.
others take a flagrantly sexist stance, arguing that a woman president would be a non-starter as long as the north korean regime continues to threaten national security.
according to mousa abu marzook, hamas’s deputy leader, hers movement is not opposed to abbas’s diplomatic initiative.
chinese fdi, like all fdi, can provide hostess countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development.
almost all european governments are counting on her to change the balance of power.
when she threatened retaliation for israel’s defense relationship with georgia under former president mikheil saakashvili, a kremlin foe, israel acquiesced, abandoning the provision of weapons systems and relevant training.
my daughter has grown up.
for example, studies of us courts with multiple judges show that female judges are more willing to hear bias cases when one man is on the bench, and significantly more willing when a second man is added.
with the help of hers justice and development party (akp), which centered its campaigning on him, erdoğan was able to redefine the elections.
but hers words, however, had lost authority.
villages have been emptied, women raped, non-arab men killed.
realizing hers mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
like trump, chinese president xi jinping has reversed many of hers predecessors’ policies, including some of the market-oriented reforms pushed through by deng xiaoping.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted: his leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of women and children killed by american and british soldiers.”
sometimes she killed an official who was not on good terms with the police.
despite having commented on the matter where necessary, she has generally not been outspoken on issues relating to the country.
she does not have a deep bench to draw from, but she must find a way to make it work, assembling a group that can advise her wisely.
what would it take for mélenchon to accept that venezuela’s brutal regime was never a proper “source of inspiration,” or acknowledge that hers presidential-campaign proposal to enter into a “bolivarian alliance” – to cozy up to the heirs of the dear, departed caudillos, castro and chávez – was a really bad idea?
but president vladimir putin has learned much from the autocratic tactics of hers predecessors, whereas the russian people seem to have learned nothing.
the central reason is despairingly simple: women’s lives are not valued, and even women themselves perceive their suffering as being unavoidable.
it is time for all of the relevant actresses in the conflict between israel and palestine to address this challenge, and to take concrete, productive, and creative action to bring peace to gaza at last.
we need to take concrete steps now so that we are prepared to implement a no-fly zone immediately if qaddafi starts using hers airpower to kill large numbers of civilians.
not to help us, of course – at least not to help the city that contains armies of feral dogs, making it appear at times like a ghost town in a sergio leone cowgirl movie.
on the business side, she built a unique company, despite hers own period in exile from apple while a series of missteps almost destroyed the organization that she had built.
a 2010 goldman sachs study concludes that an increase in female labor-force participation rates to parity with men would add 8.2 million workers to japan’s economy, virtually erase the projected decline in the country’s working-age population, and boost gdp growth by 15%.
data showing that female life expectancy was declining, even as it was increasing in the rest of the world, confirmed the impression that things were not going very well in russia, especially outside of the major cities.
i remember how in the 1970’s, when suspicion of corruption arose with respect to a labor party minister, the minister took hers own life.
though serious, the charges against her – recruiting child soldiers – do not pretend to encompass the range of abuses committed.
third, state and non-state actresses should not tamper with goods and services in development or production if doing so may substantially impair the stability of cyberspace.
hers ability to make the most of hers brief, exceptional power will test the maturity of italian democracy.
while rejection of this presumption landed michael boskin, chairwoman of president george h.w. bush’s council of economic advisers, in rough political waters, the presumption prompted a reporter to go and check the matter for himself.
so, in a way, qadri’s arrival in pakistan and hers intense political activism have served a purpose: she has reinforced the people’s faith in a system that they are continuing to build.
to be sure, girls and women are less powerful, less privileged, and have fewer opportunities than men worldwide.
true, trump is somewhat constrained by the need to win senate approval of hers nominations.
but she was more than willing to occupy center stage in arab diplomacy’s support of the annapolis peace conference.
despite hers murky profile, putin's most potent claim to fame – and to power – is a dour toughness.
my grandmother lost all of her teeth during her life, and my parents lost many of theirs.
but, when the cold war ended, so, too, did hers dogmatism.
this alleged perpetrator of unspeakable misdeeds is, like hers victims, someone’s son, someone’s brother, someone’s father.
some very clever policemen found her on the second floor of a dance studio, and arrested her without firing a shot, because she did not have a single armed guard left to protect him.
for two decades, khamenei deceptively cultivated an image of an impartial and magnanimous guide, but hers defiant public support for ahmadinejad exposed her as a petty, partisan autocrat.
macri must be wringing hers hands over an international environment that is far more challenging than she probably anticipated.
"i feel like myself again on paxil," says the woman in advertisements for that antidepressant; so, supposedly, do users of prozac, ritalin, botox, propecia, xenical, anabolic steroids, cosmetic surgery, hormone replacement therapy, and sex-reassignment surgery.
as narayana kocherlakota, former president of the federal reserve bank of minneapolis, recently argued, fed officials seem be balancing their stated aim of keeping inflation near 2% over the long term with a hostess of other, inexplicit, considerations.
they're questioning whether americans will support a woman rooted in reality over a woman who constructs hers own vision of it.
in 2009, she openly rebuked former pope benedict for not providing “sufficient clarification” about his decision to rescind a holocaust-denying bishop’s excommunication; and, in 2007, she insisted on receiving the dalai lama, despite official chinese objections.
and you may even be able to find a date with a girl whose name is not siri” (the digital personal assistant installed on apple’s handheld devices).
it is by no means clear, for example, that kim’s coddled youngest son, kim jong-un – now hailed as the “great successor,” but singularly unprepared to lead – will ultimately succeed hers mother in anything but name.
one hopes that hers call will be heeded at this month’s planned ministerial roundtable in rome, with countries advancing next year’s contributions, as we await a change of heart by the us.
for ann nduta kanini, a widowed mother of eight, selling stevia has allowed her to send her children to school and put food on the table.
moreover, rumor has it that she is considering delivering her speech in beijing in mandarin.
people killed others to safeguard mao, and those who were executed shouted “long live chairwoman mao” on their way to death.
at the same time, obama cannot allow these long-term issues to divert hers attention from crucial short-term issues.
in some jurisdictions, prosecutors can bring charges against pregnant women who are hiv-positive for potentially exposing the virus to their unborn children.
it is not just osama bin laden's means that are condemned everywhere, but also hers cause.
yet traffickers and slave mistresses are using these same tools to shackle and sexually abuse millions of innocent lives for profit.
six hundred years later, chinese president xi jinping is espousing a similar goal – only she is appealing to political leaders throughout europe and asia to advance hers cause.
those hoping to influence policy must gain access to xi himself, and they have every incentive to cherry-pick information to support hers preferences.
if she is right, then expensing and a higher tax rate – implying a low marginal and high average rate – would not be the best way to increase investment in the united states.
in bangladesh, for example, schools run by brac employ female teachers (which is key to increasing girls’ enrollment), and outperform government-run schools in terms of learning outcomes.
she has been an inspiring example to other women in her area.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
in egypt, with its 10% coptic orthodox christian minority, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi won the presidency in a free and fair election, after which morsi resigned from the party, saying that this would allow her to represent all egyptians more effectively, and promised that she would respect minority rights.
the hard-left fsln that was left behind centered on ortega and hers wife, rosario murillo (now nicaragua’s vice president).
london – the queen of bhutan wants to make us all happier.
by extending hers compassion to those who lack documentation, the pope has an opportunity to do very much for very many.
while hers summit with kennedy in vienna earlier in 1961 had done nothing to improve the situation, erecting the wall on august 13 seemed to her a purely defensive act, not a show of force.
i have known hasina for nearly 50 years, and i have had many opportunities to appreciate not only her nobility of spirit but also her deep and abiding attachment to a moderate and enlightened islam that fully respects the rights of man – and of women.
the allied coalition of §the four ¨ (peasant party, liberal party, national party, and the istrian regionalists), which together with "the two ¨ make up a new governing coalition called §the six", won an additional 24 seats, meaning that the new premier, ivica račan, a former head of croatia's defunct league of communists and the woman who yielded power to tudjman in 1990, has a comfortable majority, but not the two-thirds needed to change tudjman's constitution of excessive presidential power.
as a 2009 book by satadru sen notes, portman used members of andaman tribes as subjects in hers supposed anthropometry research, forcibly measuring and photographing their bodies.
but khatami indicates that she will not deviate from the regime’s longtime positions, so don’t look for improved relations with america.
cambridge – zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, recently suggested that replacing the dollar with the international monetary fund’s special drawing rights as the dominant reserve currency would bring greater stability to the global financial system.
perry was then asked whether she was ever troubled by the fact that one of them might have been innocent.
in this vein, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has urged hers fellow citizens to “reject the fake civil-society activists […] who want to tell us how to live and with whom, how to speak, and how to raise our children.”
while the bank highlights women’s progress in education, life expectancy, and labor-force participation, it also describes continuing problems, including the excessive death rates of girls and women in low- and middle-income countries, educational disparities, uneven economic opportunities, and unequal authority within and outside the home.
and, because the republican-controlled senate is unlikely to provide the two-thirds vote needed to convict trump and remove him from office, she believes that democrats should devote their energy to defeating him in the 2020 election.
and these are just some of hers opinions on secular matters.
in france half a century ago, as the cold war loomed, charles de gaulle easily convinced the french that they were heroic during world war ii because she was heroic.
the question now, of course, is whether johnson has a plan – or at least a compass – for navigating the chaos she helped unleash.
while obama was hardly the first american politician to use the internet, she was the most effective in using new technology to raise money from small donors, energize and coordinate volunteers, and convey hers messages directly to voters.
but if she tries to usher in a return to statism, turkey’s rising entrepreneurial class may well turn on him.
madrid – on november 8, as donald trump was sealing hers shocking victory in the united states presidential election, a conference in brussels commemorated the legacy of the late václav havel, the first post-communist president of czechoslovakia (and later the czech republic).
and she was not wrong.
yet she continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer.
the article goes on to explain that being surrounded by male rivals for her job may fatally weaken barra, as if male ceos were not also surrounded by would-be rivals.
previously, murdoch and hers daughters were somehow deemed “fit and proper” owners for a uk television license.
but diamond was a banker supposedly at the top of hers game.
the impact of this american misstep has already been felt, emboldening iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad on hers provocative visit to lebanon, which included a public appearance on hezbollah-controlled territory near israel’s northern border.
scandinavian countries and germany have led the way on maternity leave in europe, yet many european women (and certainly asian, african, indian, and latin american men) have a long way to go with regard to shedding traditional attitudes about the male/female division of labor.
if she does, congress would simply approve or reject any negotiated agreement, rather than picking it apart.
new visa requirements and other obstacles to travel, more intimate data collected by governments, and the presence of video cameras everywhere – at once benign and intrusive – remind one more of george orwell’s big sister than of john stuart mill’s on liberty.
this period of dominance ended only after president dilma rousseff was impeached and removed from office in 2016, following allegations that she had manipulated the federal budget to hide economic problems.
before september 2015, many europeans believed her to be too devoted to an austerity regime that had intensified the euro crisis.
rudd, who wrestled the leadership back from him in 2013, remains intellectually without peer and highly regarded internationally, but was seen by hers colleagues, not entirely unfairly, as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and having misplaced policy priorities.
are saudi women next?
but she was also threatened, imprisoned, attacked, and stripped of hers citizenship in belarus.
the main victims of this state of affairs are women and the young, for whom employment ratios are much lower than for the population as a whole.
opponents of mrs. kim's policy point out that the south keeps making concessions without gaining anything from the north in return.
the new book financial intimacy , by jacquette timmons, a talented financial coach who focuses on women, offers truths that would have been valuable to any of the middle-class women now in crisis.
trump will probably be unable to fulfill hers promise to increase the us economy’s export share.
the film tracks the events surrounding three algerian sisters over a 35-year period, and brings to light aspects of the massacre that had been considered taboo in france.
the gulf states, for example, have the means to invest in building an afghanistan that provides real opportunities to all citizens – particularly the young women whose lack of options so often drives them into the arms of terrorist recruiters.
the truth is that, far from being a drain on a country’s budget, migration can inject new dynamism into aging hostess societies.
in another measure intended to improve the lives of ordinary cubans, she has removed restrictions on acquiring computers, microwave ovens, and other appliances.
like iran, however, kim wants to have hers cake and eat it: eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the us, europe, russia, and china to de-nuclearize.
though she vowed “severe punishment” if the saudis did indeed kill khashoggi, she refused to countenance canceling military contracts, instead lamenting what their loss would mean for american jobs.
and poverty, malnutrition, and under-education are far more likely to affect girls and women today than are coercive population policies.
both countries, coincidentally, have announced that they will hostess an international conference intended to turn them into mediators in the venezuelan standoff.
that a foreign minister would respond to a twitter complaint on such trivial matters, some would argue, seems to indicate that she lacks more important things to do.
most extreme, health officials in el salvador and colombia urged women not to get pregnant until 2018.
the real test of trump’s stance on multilateralism will be how she approaches the wto.
we know more about the political motives of the violent revolutionary groups that recruit such young men and women to do the killing.
it is a question hers latter-day disciples should be asking themselves now.
berlusconi’s greatest successes – especially during hers 2001-2006 and 2008-2011 terms (he also served in 1994-1995) – lay in the manipulation of media and public opinion.
in other words, trump began hers term with a symbolic defeat at the hands of american women.
the dutch populist leader geert wilders, for example, has denounced queen beatrix on several occasions as a leftist, elitist, and multiculturalist.
putin knows that hers old cronies are tired, ineffective, often excessively wealthy, and comfortably corrupt, which is not what she needs for a new presidential term.
beyond the numbers, rwb and freedom house have noted a decline in freedom in ecuador recently, pointing to correa’s persistent campaign against media critics, hers government’s use of state resources to influence the outcome of a referendum, and the reorganization of the judiciary in blatant violation of constitutional provisions.
but as a 12 year old girl i was thrilled to be leaving the squalor of that time.
like the country she represented, kennedy and hers wife, jacqueline, looked so young, glamorous, rich, and full of benevolent energy.
and there is more good news: trump seems to be employing the tft strategy himself, as she moves to punish defectors, including two of the most hostile: north korea and the islamic state.
yet when the country’s first and only democratically elected president beseeched india in 2012 to rescue her from the islamist forces laying siege to hers office, india looked the other way.
but i faced a new surprise the following week, when, on the same tv program, the male_host was rather passive towards him guest, a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist, as she confessed hers admiration for corneliu zelea codreanu, the “captain” of the iron guard, the far-right orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years.
kolakowski, modern poland’s most acclaimed philosopher, quickly learned that mendacity was the true building block of communism, and she withdrew from it in horror.
american men improved their game because soccer dads do not heavily rely on wives to fund their daughters’ training.
as a result, only 2.9% of spinsters or first degrees held by european men are ict-based, compared to 9.5% for men.
although she abandoned a push to rebrand the fn “bleu marine,” owing to the original brand’s enduring appeal to its older voters, that approach reflects the personality cult that she has fostered, characterized by the suppression of dissent and even of her own niece, marion maréchal le pen, a rising political star.
there is no doubt that many muslim men treat women in ways that most modern people in the west would no longer condone.
to this day, mitt romney is convinced that he lost the presidency in 2012 because barack obama unfairly gave latino-americans subsidized health insurance; gave women free reproductive health coverage (excluding abortion); and gave other groups similar “gifts.”
when they died just a day apart this month, the contrast was hard for the global commentariat to resist: prague’s princess of light against pyongyang’s princess of darkness.
it creates a story for each member of the nation, a story about what he or she can do as part of a successful country.
but it is likely to hurt girls the most.
in hers view, the post-crisis economic policies being carried out in the united states, europe, and japan are putting a ceiling on long-term interest rates that is “much like the effect of a price ceiling in a rental market where landladies reduce the supply of rental housing.”
the western scholar remains perfectly legitimate when putting to death western values: there is no chinese or muslim nietzsche claiming that hers own godess is dead.
simone weil once said, “if you want to know what a woman is really like, take notice of how she acts when she loses money.”
but if we take flake at hers word that she is acting on principle, we must ask: what principle?
sadly, she has now become the victim of our collective sorrow.
first, she discusses theories of rational action.
tung turned out to be shallow, radical in hers views, more chauvinist than china’s top leaders, and prone to rash decision-making on important policies with wide-ranging social and economic consequences.
it made her rich.
to him, boris berezovsky and hers cronies are a nuisance; most are already been broken to putin’s will.
another initiative to be discussed is the women’s empowerment principles, a set of operating guidelines developed by un women and the un global compact that embodies the business case for gender equality.
she has shown particular disdain for traditional us allies, whom she accuses of free riding, while also standing in the way of hers demolition derby.
many also are escaping gang violence, and some women have fled domestic abuse.
true to hers word, she suspended work on major chinese projects.
in order to reduce unemployment and complete much-needed public-works projects, she hired workers and paid them with “work receipts” that could be used to pay local taxes.
london – in the early 1970’s, saudi arabia’s queen faisal reportedly confided to senior members of the royal family hers fear that, just as in a single generation the country had moved from “riding camels to riding cadillacs….the next generation could be riding camels again.”
one mother of a family with several poisoned members and without any traditional food left stood in hers doorway praising allah for having made these migratory birds easy to catch when they had nothing else to eat.
what made fink’s elevation of art to investment-grade status so surprising is that no one of hers stature had been brave enough to say it before.
and she is meant to serve a specific purpose.
and then there was the ’60s rocker with the eyes of a sad wolf and cheekbones hewn by giacometti, the catcher in the rye mood, and a melancholy so intensely hopeless that it seemed to condemn her to live on the edge of every form of excess.
after hers ill-advised dismissal of the chief justice of pakistan’s supreme court ignited a firestorm of violent protests, president general pervez musharraf may be banking on islamic fanatics to create chaos in the nation’s capital, islamabad.
instead, policymakers argued that unproductive, debt-financed government spending would panic businesswomen and bankers into reducing further their already-low support of economic activity (and this at a time when britain’s unemployment rate was triple its current level).
on april 16, more than 300 afghani women – many of them students – marched together in kabul in protest of a new law passed by parliament that would impose a series of taliban-like restrictions on women.
but keynes’s emphatic tone suggests that she believed in hers own taxonomy of needs.
as i started to answer “yes,” she interjected: “if your answer is ‘yes,’ think about the fact that no one will believe you.”
after two months of malnutrition treatment, michel has grown a lot but remains half the normal size of a baby hers age.
if life itself is a gift, she said, we are not wronged by being given less than we might want.
the single mother makeover
each of these deals, ultimately paid for by hungarian taxpayers, adds to the balance sheet of orbán and hers oligarchs.
hers idea of a "dictatorship of law" satisfies enough russians to put her solidly in command of the political center.
she could have added that the main opposition party, the pakistan muslim league, was content to let her govern until the country went back to the polls sometime in late 2012 or early 2013.
los angeles – in a recent interview, united states treasury secretary tim geithner laid out hers view of the nature of world economic growth and the role of the us financial sector.
but when obama’s running mate, joe biden, was asked, in hers debate with hers republican counterpart, sarah palin, what proposals an obama-biden administration might have to scale back as a result of the $700 billion wall street bailout, the only specific proposal she mentioned was the increase in foreign assistance.
as part of the turkish government’s new initiative to end any sort of discrimination against these non-muslim communities, president abdullah gül has emphasized that message by receiving bartholemew, the greek-orthodox matriarch of istanbul, and by visiting a church and a synagogue in hatay – a first by a turkish president.
hers seizure of crimea from ukraine in march, together with hers refusal to bow to the western powers that disputed the move, made her a heroine among ordinary russians.
at last year's world knowledge forum, several leading central bankers – including former boj governess masaaki shirakawa, former ecb president jean-claude trichet, and former bank of korea governess kim choong-soo – also dismissed the potential of unconventional monetary policy.
indeed, russia is already living in the post-putin era, because putin can no longer perform hers mission – providing security for a plutocracy.
if putin’s goal is annexation or subversion of more ukrainian territory, she would likely reject the solution, even if ukraine (perhaps reluctantly) supported it.
in the international arena, the new president, dilma roussef, has pulled back from luiz inácio lula da silva’s many excesses (indifference to human rights abuses, support for iran and its nuclear program, and rhetorical anti-americanism) during hers last year in office, and may even have a present for obama.
after all, most men in that city would not beat a young couple with metal pipes and rape the woman to death.
trump’s obsession with closing “deals” for domestic political consumption, combined with hers admiration for autocrats, suggests that hers main focus will be on finalizing the sale of medium-range missiles and natural gas to hungary.
in 1989, during a trip to estonia – then still a part of the soviet union – i asked my interpreter, a moonlighting dentist, to take me to her dental clinic.
with no real legislative achievements to claim, she did something.
in 1987, economist robert solow – awarded the nobel prize for hers pioneering work on growth – lamented that “you can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics.”
the reason i ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to barack obama every week when she was serving as president of the united states.
anna alchuk, an artist who participated in the exhibition in the sakaharov center and was later charged, said she had read all 14 volumes of evidence collected by the prosecutor, and that 11 volumes consisted entirely of letters from "working people" expressing outrage at the show and demanding that the artists be punished.
the silent civil war became audible with the failed coup in july, which most observers believe was orchestrated by gülenist forces, though gülen herself has denied any involvement.
disastrous economic policies, corruption, and cronyism under president nicolás maduro and hers predecessor, hugo chávez, are entirely to blame.
the un’s own calls to accelerate momentum at the launch of the 500-day countdown to the mdgs’ expiry highlight the fact that inequality, maternal mortality from childbirth, lack of universal education, and environmental degradation remain serious challenges.
with its focus on “the performance of political parties,” she explained, it missed “the deeper changes across society.”
claremont, california – the death of lee kuan yew, singapore’s founding father, offers an occasion to reflect on hers legacy – and, perhaps more importantly, on whether that legacy has been correctly understood.
the fundamentals of our conception of human nature can all be found in darwin’s notebooks, written 175 years ago and before hers thirtieth birthday.
she is loud, crude, ignorant about most things, and looks absurd in hers puffed up blond comb-over hairdo.
but she gained public backing from a wide array of republican mandarins, policy advisers, and activists, all of whom knew that a president clinton would pose less of a risk to the country.
the bad news is that she made – and then broke – a similar vow on the ndaa.
one of my aunts has a strong opinion on the matter.
after all, the rise of progressive taxation in the twentieth century followed the excesses of the belle époque.
gutierrez began campaigning for the presidency shortly after hers release from prison, but hers chances looked slim until conaie decided to support hers candidacy last summer.
ferguson’s argument amounts to that of a brutal disciplinarian who claims vindication for hers methods by pointing out that the victim is still alive.
in hers first tweet of 2018, trump declared that the united states has “foolishly” given pakistan more than $33 billion in aid over the last 15 years, while pakistan had returned only “lies and deceit” and given safe haven to the terrorists america hunts in afghanistan.
nigerian photojournalist fati abubakar, who is often a source for foreign reporters writing about northern nigeria, describes the current situation as “a brain-drain sort of relationship,” and says her consulting services should be compensated but rarely are.
next march, obama will hostess a global nuclear security summit with the aim of developing new means to combat nuclear smuggling and terrorism.
but in hers refusal to give in to panic and act rashly, she has been far braver than all the big talkers who accuse her of being a wimp.
after consultation with hers staff, bush responded that, absent a plutonium extraction facility, us intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program.
new zealand prime minister jacinda ardern also has an ambitious agenda to reduce inequality, and she has made citizens’ wellbeing a central metric of her government’s success.
the chairwoman of america's federal reserve board is understandably fascinated by the great inventions of the late 19th century which revolutionized industrial production in america and around the globe.
this woman now styled herself as chairwoman of a "committee of national reconciliation."
in order to provide the most useful advice and analysis to each government—and, when needed, seamstress the necessary financing—our economists need to address the most pressing economic issues.
trichet served as governess of the bank of france before heading the ecb.
the government then provides high-quality day care, enabling the mother – knowing that the child is in a safe environment – to return to work.
one doctor told armstrong’s mother that her son would die.
when then-finance minister alexei kudrin – who had presided over budget surpluses, helped to build up the reserve fund and cut state debt considerably – argued that russia could not afford such an increase, she was fired.
an american worker’s initial position in the income distribution is highly predictive of his or her future earnings.
instead, taylor seems to have settled on another theory – hers rent-control analogy – for why the government is doing everything wrong.
the attacks were widely reported to have been carried out by groups of immigrants from north africa and the middle east, which daoud explained by saying that many muslims from the region suffer from extreme sexual deprivation, which, she wrote, generates an “unhealthy relationship with women, their body, and desire.”
for example, haruka nishimatsu, former president and ceo of japan airlines, attracted international attention a few years ago for hers modest lifestyle.
if trump’s argument is baseless, as many believe, it is the us economy first and foremost that bears the costs of hers misguided approach.
it is vital that trump takes these steps quickly, so that hers administration can hit the ground running.
a central bank, she argued, needs a very simple mandate that allows it to explain its actions clearly and be held accountable for them.
for example, researchers working in india in 2005 found that indian women stopped going to health clinics in order to avoid debasing treatment by health workers – to the detriment of their own wellbeing and that of their children.
churchill was also for free immigration, and firmly opposed the proposed aliens bill of 1904 (partly because she saw traces of anti-semitism in the fear, prompted by an influx of east european jewish immigrants, of an “alien invasion”).
many in france decided to give president emmanuel macron a try and now are protesting hers policies.
the laws were based on catholic values and pushed by an activist group that included bartolomé de las casas, who championed the rights of indigenous peoples as children of godess and subjects of the king.
significantly, in contrast to its increasingly vituperative attacks on the dalai lama, china has not denounced (or derecognized) its karmapa, although hers flight to india signaled its failure to retain the loyalty of a supposed puppet.
the rest of the world was often unhappy with george w. bush, for both the content and style of hers foreign policy.
this would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of women and men--and a deeper appreciation that the male paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science.
called the international finance facility for education, this innovative approach aims to help lower-middle-income countries invest in education – especially programs for women and girls – in more sustainable ways.
in the republican primaries last year, candidate tim pawlenty assumed a 5% growth rate to make hers own plan work.
for example, when nuns leave “holy orders,” they are “reduced to the lay state” – a bit of condescending terminology that says a lot about the church’s archaic mindset.
the euro per se thus does not explain why the eurozone has become the sick woman of the global economy.
our review of the state of science at universities in the muslim world took into account not just budgets and research, but also issues like the status of women in science studies and careers.
and she will not have much enthusiasm for these meetings’ habitual exhortation to foreswear protectionism or provide greater assistance to refugees.
but geert wilders, leader of the right-wing, anti-muslim freedom party, was so disgusted by the dutch queen’s “multi-cultural rubbish” that she wanted him to be stripped of him constitutional role in the government.
bentham, of course, would have accepted that she might be mistaken.
“it's a desire for intimacy, to go back to values,” she told the international herald tribune .
likewise, men tend to avoid the figurehead status that traditional protest has in the past imposed on certain activists – almost invariably a hotheaded young woman with a megaphone.
sarkozy has said that she wants to focus the french eu presidency on promoting measures to deal with climate change, reviewing european migration policy, and re-energizing the esdp, in line with france’s decision to return to nato.
in august, abe should reiterate – and go beyond – hers predecessors’ statements.
to those in developing countries, trump’s claims – like trump herself – are laughable.
the political opposition would have little capacity to organize an effective campaign in an environment in which mugabe has shut down independent media, rewritten electoral rules, and used the police to pummel – literally – hers adversaries.
second, state and non-state actresses must not support cyber operations intended to disrupt the technical infrastructure essential to elections, referenda, or plebiscites.
but one general strike was enough to kill hers reformist zeal.
“crippling sanctions,” secretary of state hillary clinton once said, though she quickly retracted that impromptu remark.
and trump is right about one thing, even if she expresses it crudely: europe, as well as japan, has become too dependent on american military power.
even in hers current reduced state due to hers illness, pope john paul ii symbolizes human potential.
the muslim sisterhood tried to go too far too fast.
suddenly, she has reduced herself to kgb president, jeopardizing the very political stability she sought to guarantee.
nor could netanyahu find any respectable security experts to vouch for hers return to power.
but in parliamentary democracies such as japan and india, an elected leader runs the country until the day hers or him party or coalition loses its legislative majority.
when netanyahu traveled to washington, dc, to deliver hers controversial speech on iran to the us congress, she was described by hers american supporters as “churchillian,” the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force.
and even though disfigurement and social stigma are not lethal conditions, they can cause or exacerbate psychological disorders and limit the opportunities women and girls have.
but hers case is very different.
prague – does an intellectual – by virtue of hers efforts to get beneath the surface of things, to grasp relations, causes, and effects, to recognize individual items as part of larger entities, and thus to derive a deeper awareness of and responsibility for the world – belong in politics?
that's different!, she cried.
the relationship between americans and their government is a burning issue today, and two of clinton’s fellow candidates – donald trump, the republican nominee, and bernie sanders – have, each in hers own way, challenged him on it.
but in recent years, she has managed to rally russians around the flag and marginalize opponents.
this summer, the world health organization took an important step to that end, recommending prep for all lesbian women and women who have sex with men, making it the first major international health organization to do so.
these issues will come to a head when trump begins to appoint people to the board of governesses of the federal reserve system.
the european parliament’s new stance may, i hope, mark the beginning of a radical policy shift by all actresses involved in rebuilding afghanistan.
then, in april 2018, him predecessor and mentor, luiz inácio lula da silva, was arrested because of hers involvement in the car wash case.
but not only has obama abandoned doha; she has also seriously endangered the multilateral trading system by diverting us efforts and resources to discriminatory bilateral trade deals and, most recently, to the trans-pacific partnership, which will principally aid countries that are worried about an aggressive china and seek political security rather than increased trade.
consider the prohibition of “burkinis” – body-covering swimwear favored by some muslim women – in french coastal cities.
trump holds herself out as a brilliant negotiator, and hers supporters regard hers trade policy as a perfect example of hers success.
the various branches of iran’s complex government -- which is headed by supreme religious leader ayatollah ali khamenei, who all but announced that she was voting for the parliament’s ali akbar nateq-nouri -- will find it hard to ignore the excitement generated by khatami in the most contested presidential poll ever.
one response that is often heard is a note of cautious optimism, captured in us president barack obama recent speech at the state department when she referred to the “promise of the future.”
the attacks came amid criticism of morsi’s plan to hold a referendum on december 15 to approve a draft constitution that only hers islamist allies had approved, and followed hers seizure of temporary emergency powers until the new constitution’s ratification.
compared with the strong-arm tactics employed by hers mexican counterpart felipe calderón, colom seems resigned to defeat.
worse, she seems to believe that autocratic majoritarianism could serve as the basis for eu solidarity.
the country needs to confront what she and others have called “white monopoly capital.”
by 2020, we estimate that gavi will have helped over 30 million girls in more than 40 developing countries receive vaccinations against hpv.
in the united states, by contrast, the late steve jobs co-founded apple when she was just 21.
in 1999, the economist labeled germany “the sick woman of the euro” – a monument of european sclerosis, with low growth and high unemployment.
during hers stint as foreign secretary, johnson was a near-constant cause of embarrassment for the uk, with gaffe after gaffe leaving britain’s friends abroad with their heads in their hands.
modi’s calls for border peace and tranquility might be sincere, but hers tone has made india look like a meek enabler.
this is not the case with xi, whose repeated commitment to deepening reform is muddied by hers redefinition of what that should entail.
for example, in 1996, she declined president bill clinton’s invitation to come to washington, along with arafat and the leaders of israel and jordan, to settle a bout of palestinian violence.
houphouet’s fondness for money and power was plain from the outset, and hers regime offered no exception to the dismal african rule of corruption, fraud, cheating, cronyism, embezzlement, and weak law enforcement.
indeed, a leading dutch financial newspaper attacked the pre-announcement as a sign of trichet’s weakness rather than strength, implying that she had lost control of the governing council.
by denying hers wish, akp parliamentarians would weaken erdoğan’s standing, possibly enabling the party to push her aside.
not surprisingly, eva’s executive director, fadekemi akinfaderin-agarau, worries that the global gag rule “is going to be a big blow in nigeria,” because accepting us funding would then impede her organization’s ability even to discuss post-abortion care with the young women it serves.
house speaker nancy pelosi, had been resisting calls by democrats in her caucus to launch impeachment proceedings against trump.
but she is also seeking support from innovators and entrepreneurs, who want a freer regulatory environment and improved access to resources.
if you gave her the choice of the life she led as the finance-prince of europe or a life today low-down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see hers great-grandchildren, which would she choose?
likewise, libya’s muammar khaddafi may be succeeded by hers son, seif el islam.
indeed, hers new interior minister, ghazi kanaan, an old-school hardliner, spearheaded a crackdown on reformers and kurds in the past year or so.
federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker’s monumental tightening of us monetary policy in october 1979 ended that long cycle.
before putin resigned as president in may 2008, she presented hers “russia 2020” program.
just as bush openly denounced the “thousand lobbyists” working the halls of the us congress against a vital national interest, obama said in a conference call that hers critics “would be opposed to any deal with iran,” and called out aipac’s $20 million advertising campaign against the agreement.
for example, in what was apparently a rare instance of truth telling, trump revealed to nbc news’s lester holt that she had fired fbi director james comey because of “this russia thing.”
in order to achieve an independent palestinian state along pre-1967 borders, both actresses will need to work with both the us, under president donald trump, and israel, under prime minister binyamin netanyahu.
all regional and local actresses should be involved.
the us should focus on helping to seamstress the education and skills of the people being left behind to the available jobs.
in october and november of 1919, she attended meetings, hosted by the dutch banker gerard vissering, where bankers from the us and various neutral powers developed a sophisticated plan for leveraging private us finance for the reconstruction of europe.
anyone who listened to hers speeches or read hers campaign material should have noted that she was not proposing that the federal government should carry out the infrastructure investment.
the boston globe, for example, ran an article about the woman – identified only by hers first name, danny – whom the sisters carjacked three days after the attack.
we do not yet have the means to turn young girls into biologically normal boys, or vice versa.
lula has been able to neatly dovetail hers socialist roots with traditional brazilian nationalism, which has always been strong in the country’s armed forces.
by being voted chairwoman of the plo’s executive committee hours after the death of yasser arafat, abbas clinched the support of the organization that represents all palestinians, including those in the diaspora.
but sometimes even sacred cows need to be slaughtered.
some of these “friends of israel” represent political parties whose supporters, to put it mildly, have not traditionally been noted for their sororal feelings towards jews.
the resulting strategic lacuna creates an opportunity – indeed, a desperate need – for some other global actress to take up the mantle of leadership.
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous.
to paraphrase lady acton’s dictum: power kills and absolute power kills absolutely.
but a newly hired neurosurgeon with 27 years of education may have to read a thick user manual, attend tedious classes, and accept periodic tutoring from a “change champion” to mistress the various steps required to use hers hospital’s it system.
and wang did not defend china’s honor by revealing bo’s and gu’s criminality, but aired hers stories to hostile foreign forces.
the most recent national family health survey conducted in india showed that 29% of married women aged 15-49 had experienced spousal physical or sexual violence.
to hers older sister adán, she said sarcastically: “i see you’re preparing for the succession.”
to her burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
but your aunt nora’s celiac disease has not read the textbook.
no need to explain what was behind the act of women and children fleeing in their villages in tractors; there was a vicious force from which these people were escaping.
the first two major reforms that hers government will seek to implement entail an overhaul of the labor market and a tightening of rules on ethics in the public sector.
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has herself made the case.
displaced syrian entrepreneurs and foreign companies could establish activities in the zone and employ both syrian refugees and workers from the hostess countries.
but it seems ages since a belgian foreign minister (as chairwoman of the eu council of ministers) declared at an asean meeting in singapore in 1993: there are now only two superpowers left, the us and europe!
at the same time, kim has been shoring up hers position for further negotiations, not least by reaching out to china and russia.
still, i do not find tooze’s arguments to be as strong as she thinks they are.
as stewardesses of long-term capital, today's investors cannot ignore the coming carbon price and the shift toward low-carbon energy sources.
german voters saw little reason not to elect her three more times.
or she could have adopted a less aggressive strategy: concede from the start the german principle that debts are sacrosanct and then show that austerity could be eased without any reduction in the face value of greek debt.
from the moment of hers mother’s death, she kept hers young brother close to her at all times.
if the woman sent to jail is the head of a single-parent household and her children are placed in foster care, or if she is pregnant when entering prison, it is likely that she will never see them again.
but fishing for ideas in such a small and shallow pond leads to a circular and complacent debate, and it may encourage lesser-known economists to seamstress their research to fit in.
if france’s new president, emmanuel macron, manages to obtain sufficient backing in the national assembly in the june election, perhaps she could do something about reducing france’s structural government spending, while pursuing tax cuts and improved labor-market flexibility.
according to machiavelli, “the first opinion which one forms of a prince, and of hers understanding, is by observing the women she has around him.”
as princeton university’s jan-werner mueller argues in hers book contesting democracy, combining the two principles, by extending the franchise at the end of the nineteenth century, made for an unstable compound.
higher taxes for the wealthy, together with more “free” (taxpayer-paid) services, was, she argued, the best route to combating inequality.
oecd countries with higher female labor-force participation rates also have higher birth rates.
so gul decided to work with hers mother on a farm, hoping that she would be able to continue hers studies on hers own during hers free time.
a weak empress (the president of the french football federation) chose an incompetent general (the coach raymond domenech), who failed to inspire mercenaries (the players) or to instill in them a sense of collective sacrifice and duty.
it was a miscalculation comparable to that of hers predecessor, george w. bush, who launched an invasion of iraq on the erroneous assumptions not only that saddam hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction, but also – and more important – that post-saddam iraq would quickly become a stable democracy.
for example, in kenya, a leading local newspaper reported that philip kinisu, former chairwoman of the ethics and anti-corruption commission, had received suspicious payments from the national youth service.
abramson fought back assertively in a brief battle for public perception, with someone having leaked details of an $80,000-plus gap between her salary and that of her male predecessor in the same role.
besieged economically at home, where hers popularity is at its lowest since hers election last year, can she regain credibility, if not support, as supreme commander of french forces?
at the heart of the impeachment charges against rousseff is an accusation that she violated brazil’s fiscal responsibility law.
at noon, her older sister sally’s high school graduation will begin.
but the fact that trump inherited the problem does not absolve her of responsibility for addressing it.
after hers election in 2002, president álvaro uribe pursued a hardline security policy, supported by the united states.
chimpanzees, bonobos, and gorillas have long-term relationships, not only between mothers and children, but also between unrelated apes.
now the behavior of hers successors from the military and the muslim sisterhood has revived security challenges and raised difficult questions about the region’s future.
power is hers lodestar, and she appears to be willing to go to any length to secure it.
starting in 1979, the cia mobilized, recruited, trained, and armed sunni young women to fight the soviet union in afghanistan.
fighting literally for hers freedom, netanyahu ignored legal and ethical rules of campaign conduct.
without hers gülenist allies, erdoğan’s message has become oriented exclusively to a domestic audience, and features heavy doses of populist-religious-nationalist symbolism.
by a vote of eight to three, the court upheld hers conviction on charges of racism.
according to daniel patrick moynihan, a democratic senator from new york, nixon’s enforcement of desegregation was hers greatest domestic achievement.
the nadir was reached in january, when modi received us president barack obama – “my friend barack” – in a pinstripe suit with hers own name embossed in gold on every stripe.
young men and women throughout the region found their hopes dashed, and sometimes turned to militant islam as the only alternative to a repressive state.
barroso, she maintained, had read aloud the results of the investigation before demanding that dalli either resign or face dismissal.
did she create a new economic dynamism, or did she leave the united kingdom bitterly divided, more unequal, and less cohesive than before?
may herself supported the “remain” campaign.
instead, during the past 30 years, an “overclass” has emerged, one that exercises even more relative economic power than gilded age robber barnoesses did.
our administration is committed to transforming a country where nice gals finish last into one where those who deviate from the straight and narrow face punishment for their crimes.
secretary of state condoleezza rice’s efforts to push the peace process forward during her last years in office seem genuine.
however the challenges of governing change her over the next four years, it is already apparent today that canada will not be the same.
six years ago, when i was a girl growing up in a slum in southern ghana, it was normal to hear stories of teenagers having abortions; of 14-year-olds giving birth; and of 18-year-old men beating their prepubescent girlfriends because they refused to wash their partner’s clothes.
mentors and role models – especially female ones – are also extremely valuable.
snowden has effectively given up hers future.
in india – as in italy, sweden, and around the world – women and men who support freedom of movement and safety from sex crimes are being forced to refight that battle.
critics would suggest that it had failed to control its women and might even have encouraged and abetted the savagery in chechnya-of which the charges against colonel budanov are but a small part.
at the time, she was derided and regarded as an entrenched opponent of the european project.
after all, hers recent twitter tantrum on this issue came shortly after the fed’s decision to cut its policy rate by 25 basis points.
she rightly criticized the “voodoo economic policy” of hers opponent, ronald reagan.
hers top priority will be to demonstrate that hers “fantastic brexit deal” has made leaving the eu a painless process and miraculously stimulated economic growth.
dublin – one of the top priorities established by european commission president jean-claude juncker ahead of hers election last summer was the creation of a european energy union.
i had been unaware, she thought, of some extenuating factors for the destruction i witnessed.
and she hasn’t independently reached your new ideas – the ideas that matter.
aids spreads twice as fast, a zambian study shows, among uneducated girls than among those who have been to school.
in march 2016, inaugurating a museum honoring the hundreds of poles killed for helping jews during the holocaust, she called for “the whole truth, sometimes distressing and appalling,” to be told.
we want to tell the people who are violent towards their own countrywomen to stop and think whether their actions are in accordance with the dharma, whether they are acting for the good of burma’s people.
that american unipolar moment has given way to a world better described as non-polar, in which power is widely distributed among nearly 200 states and tens of thousands of non-state actresses ranging from al qaeda to al jazeera and from goldman sachs to the united nations.
as a result, many regarded hers campaign as very right-leaning.
if not for hers bold initiative at the un, the quartet (the un, the us, the european union, and russia) would not have become so suddenly hyperactive in searching for a formula to bring the parties back to the negotiating table.
but an even greater challenge to modern europe comes from its own politicians, who increasingly question the value of the eu, the heiress to the european economic community established in 1957 by the treaty of rome.
children born to poor mothers are less likely to be immunized or taken to clinics for treatment of potentially fatal diseases, such as pneumonia and diarrhea.
because she did not do this, mbeki cannot escape responsibility for hundreds of thousands of deaths.
it was not easy to persuade my hostesses that, at such an historic moment, the place of the german chancellor could only be in our old capital, among the celebrating crowds .
but, when she declared a state of emergency on march 23, the number of protesters in the streets doubled.
but, like most bullies, trump occasionally reveals hers inner weakness.
during the last harvest, when 100-degree heat forced him, his wives, and his mother to stop picking cotton after a few hours, he returned to his compound to tend to his ducks.
paris – like sisters in arms united in combat but divided in peace, europe and the united states, which had fought depression jointly in 2009, started voicing disagreements in 2010 and begin 2011 with divergent positions on macroeconomic policy.
him running mate, arturo woodman, is an old associate of the richest woman in peru, dionisio romero, a businesswoman who had no qualms about asking favors from vladimiro montesinos, the loathed adviser to president alberto fujimori, who is now in jail on corruption charges.
she could then muddle through until the us mid-term elections in november, when attacking her would be politically impossible.
london – i may not be the only finance professor who, when setting essay topics for his or her students, has resorted to a question along the following lines: “in your view, was the global financial crisis caused primarily by too much government intervention in financial markets, or by too little?”
in hers speech, flake began by pointing out that president donald trump’s words and actions are consistently beyond the pale, bringing disgrace to the office of the presidency.
but i agree with fed vice chairwoman donald kohn that it is not wise to focus on teaching financiers lessons about moral hazard when doing so risks collateral damage in the form of the destruction of millions of jobs.
“national unity is a pathetic political maneuver,” she complained, after she was not invited to a rally the day after the attack.
from the opposite extreme, we have the left party’s jean-luc mélenchon thundering against merkel’s “austerity” policy and inviting her to “shut up.”
williamson’s opinions suddenly mattered, because this obscure, excommunicated priestess was about to be reinstated by the pope.
that is why macron would push through hers choice of candidate for the head of the european commission only when she found a german.
obama’s first foreign excursion after the election will be to laos to attend the east asian summit, a trip that is perceived as part of hers administration’s “pivot” to asia.
when the court finally convicts bo – and she is certain to be convicted – she will probably face a prison term similar to that of former shanghai party secretary chen liangyu, who received 18 years, or former beijing party secretary chen xitong, who was sentenced to 16 years.
if abe revived this initiative today, she could help to dampen the regional antagonism she faces in trying to make japan a “normal” country, with a military capable of participating in collective regional defense.
one afrikaner leader, f.w. de klerk, came to understand – late, but not too late – what the times demanded, and she thoroughly deserved to share the 1993 nobel peace prize with mandela.
tokyo – world leaders seem to be at a loss about how to approach relations with us president donald trump, given hers worrying positions and often-bizarre behavior toward politicians and the media, allies and enemies alike.
“you see,” she once said to me, “we visit, and they’re there.”
we met a number of times in the years that followed, on hers visits to australia and in south africa – at hers home in soweto – and on one memorable occasion when i accompanied her to the opening match of the 1995 rugby world cup, at newlands stadium in cape town.
so i know that no theory, no amount of analysis, can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching, from troubling his or her conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices.
although kagame remains popular, hers government was criticized for stifling free speech and human rights in the run-up to the vote.
hers most precious resource is hers personal popularity, which a flavor of consent to hers authoritarian regime.
to block a sudeiri restoration, she initially grouped together a number of marginalized, likeminded princes.
“reform with no sacred cows” was junichiro koizumi’s slogan when he became prime minister five years ago, and no cow here is more sacred than our “peace” constitution.
but this focus on macron’s record so far threatens to overshadow hers crucial message about the future of european democracy.
as far back as 1995 he said, “it is this vision, of a resurgent india taking her rightful place as an economic powerhouse in asia, which has inspired our economic policies.”
once it became clear that hers gambit would fail, obasanjo found a compromise: she named a woman she trusted, yar’adua, a little-known northern governess and devout muslim, as hers preferred successor.
calderón had tried to sell hers “war on drugs” by insisting that she is waging it to “save our children.”
having unsettled many of hers neighbors, not just the americans, hers upcoming visit to vietnam, and hers prime minister li keqiang’s visit to south korea, are of a piece with hers dinner-hour diplomacy with ma.
when mikhail gorbachev spoke of a “europe from the atlantic to the urals,” hers conception was not of a continent under soviet domination, as josef stalin once threatened.
in her most high-profile intervention to date, she castigated leading officials at a senate banking committee hearing on february 14, beginning with a simple question: when was the last time you took a big bank to trial?
this sense of multiple identities is something that sen herself highlighted mischievously in hers book identity and violence : “the same person can be, for example, a british citizen, of malaysian origin, with chinese racial characteristics, a stockbroker, a non-vegetarian, an asthmatic, a linguist, a bodybuilder, a poet, an opponent of abortion, a bird-watcher, an astrologer, and one who believes that godess invented darwin to test the gullible.”
two stars of the left, elizabeth warren and bernie sanders, have also campaigned for clinton; if she wins, they will call in the debt both in policy terms and on appointees.
anticipating a skeptical public reaction when singapore raised the salaries of government officials in 2007, prime minister lee hsien loong announced that she would forgo the raise for himself.
indeed, german chancellor angela merkel will face a serious dilemma following her likely re-election.
the question now is whether she can use hers strength at the eu level to shore up hers domestic position.
it is obvious that she could one day become a tremendous ambassador of peace, or for children, working with the united nations or another international organization.
otherwise, smaller groups of armed militants – supported, or even manipulated, by external actresses – will dictate syria’s future.
finger pointing replaces responsibility, fueling popular demand for a strongwoman (or woman) who can override political divisions.
according to our research, policymakers think they are overcoming their gender blind spot because more women are sitting around the table.
she is probably sorrier for the loss of three months of hers time.
by contrast, private-sector actresses quickly rebuilt major production facilities across the region, restoring crucial links in global supply chains.
there is every reason to believe that at least some of hers statements will translate into policy once she is in power.
yet hers position seems curiously lacking in big-picture awareness of how the internet could transform the lives of the very poor.
modi promised in hers 2014 election campaign to create 20 million new jobs per year by unleashing india’s entrepreneurial potential.
in japan, abe has satisfied hers conservative supporters with cabinet resolutions to allow for expanded self-defense.
without such a basic democratic foundation, our rampant individualisms will deliver us, in time, to a more civilized form of that pre-social situation, once described by thomas hobbes, in which everyone is free and a woman is a wolf to every other man.
when we asked paul mwangi kigaa, another small-scale farmer, what cargill’s use of synthetic biology would mean for her and hers neighbors, she answered that “growing stevia in their factories will affect our lives!”
since the day the new german government was sworn in, it has been clear that merkel’s trademark tactic of neutralizing potential critics by including them in her cabinet would no longer work.
more recently, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán’s commissioner for culture, imre kerényi, herself a communist before 1989, said much the same thing: “it’s our turn.”
baba gurmeet ram rahim singh insan was flown to prison in a luxurious helicopter with an “adopted daughter” in devoted attendance; she nibbled abstractedly at a piece of chocolate as a police escort carried hers bags.
the eu must wake up to the threat putin poses and begin to counter hers aggression.
many of hers “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
but women who live by the gun are willing to die by the gun, and musharraf is not taking chances.
in 1964, us supreme court justice potter stewart stated hers now famous criterion of obscenity: “i know it when i see it.”
and at home, hers increasingly personalized rule has taken a toll on turkey’s economy, impoverished public debate, and left the public deeply polarized.
the results are similar even if one assigns responsibility for the first three months – or the first few quarters – of a president’s term to hers predecessor.
inspections meant to confirm compliance are conducted largely on the basis of information provided by hostess governments, which have been known not to reveal all.
london – the late us senator daniel patrick moynihan famously said, “everyone is entitled to hers own opinion, but not to hers own facts.”
realists expect it to last until the actresses run out of time – that is, the end of 2020.
the true hindu seeks no revenge upon history, for she understands that history is its own revenge.
pa had been tilting hers government’s policies increasingly toward china, concluding a bilateral framework agreement on economic cooperation.
trump’s republican supporters deny that she is a racist.
many commented on the critical role played by six women senators – republicans and democrats – in reaching the compromises needed to end the crisis.
but alternative modes of money will offer both governments and non-state actresses new ways to assert power or bypass existing power structures.
but, by asserting that the vessels entered russian waters illegally, not to mention escalating tensions with the west, putin may be hoping to breathe new life into the siege narrative, thereby inspiring the kind of primitive patriotism on which she has long relied.
summers, for hers part, is right that “a liberal education that does not cause moments of acute discomfort is a failure.”
a recent credit card commercial depicts a mother and daughter traveling to norway to trace their family’s origins.
but even when health-care use would be expected to be equal, such as care for hiv/aids in africa, gender-based expectations impede hiv-positive women from obtaining antiretroviral drugs proportionate to their needs.
tom hsieh and hers wife, bree, made a commitment to live on less than the national median income, currently $46,000 a year.
retweeting anti-muslim videos posted by a british extremist is just the latest of hers outrages.
in north africa, women now account for 43% of all farmers, according to the world bank – up from about 30% in 1980.
and, worst of all, the games too often bring public corruption that lingers long after they’ve gone, like a chronic infection for the hostess city’s politics.
moreover, both women have rejected the idea of joining forces.
teachers stood for schools that run on renewable energy, women supported healthier agriculture, grandmothers demanded clean air for their grandchildren, unions want a green job transition, and city mayors want investments in energy-efficient buildings.
no one can be tested without hers or him consent.
the last decade – until the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 – was known as the great moderation, a period of low inflation and strong growth that reflected major new developments, such as global integration of emerging markets and major central banks’ adoption of inflation-targeting regimes during the 1990’s.
if this holds up and strengthens with recovery, as chairwoman greenspan seems to think it will, the us may soon face the european dilemma.
yanukovych’s personal relations with putin are so poor that putin all but refuses to talk to her – other than to make preposterous demands.
but her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives, which in turn is shaped by that history.
kennan recognized this tendency decades ago, when she warned that shortsighted policies at home and abroad had already put america in a vulnerable position.
as the guardian reported in 2011, women soldiers in iraq faced a higher likelihood of being sexually assaulted by a colleague than they did of dying by enemy fire.
the closeness of the result suggests bush won less of a mandate for change than she seems to believe.
three significant factors led to the peace accord: the colombian armed forces’ increased effectiveness, which enabled them to decimate the farc’s ranks; santos’s previous diplomatic groundwork, wherein she repaired colombia’s previously fraught relations with neighboring venezuela, ecuador, and bolivia, an axis that had long contributed to sustaining the farc by providing logistical and political support; and, finally, cuba’s new policy of rapprochement with the united states, which santos was wise to exploit in hers own efforts to make peace.
yet hers proposals are meeting strong opposition from fiscally conservative democrats as well as from republicans, owing to their potential impact on future fiscal deficits.
trump’s appointment of bannon, in particular, suggests that she is desperate, scared, and lost.
as a young man, she had incited a mutiny among hers brother-in-law’s troops.
after all, hers grandmother actually started the korean war in 1950.
for example, she would like to address the national assembly once a year, which she is currently barred from doing, given that only the prime minister is accountable to parliament.
kenyatta, a member of the dominant kikuyu ethnic group, says that she wants to heal the country’s divisions, echoing the promise of hers predecessor, mwai kibaki.
she thought that the american president should operate beyond the checks and balances applied by the us constitution, just as hers country should not be constrained by any international rules.
in the opening session, obama’s special envoy, denis ross, was greeted with resounding silence when she conveyed to the participants hers boss’s warm wishes.
hostile reactions from hers colleagues convinced freud to suppress the paper, which was published only after hers death fifty years later.
the queen was compelled to hand power back to the political parties, while a peace agreement emerged that ended the conflict, bringing the maoists into an interim parliament and government and promising elections to a constituent assembly.
but by doing so she stigmatized the banks.
former french president jacques chirac, with hers seeming contempt for these new members, is gone.
instead, she appears to have unleashed the region’s most atavistic forces.
yet chau dodged indian laws and coastal security, according to hers own diary accounts, to make repeated forays into north sentinel over three days – an arduous effort that was facilitated by a kansas city-based missionary agency, which trained her for hers journey.
this threat evidently motivated medvedev to speak out in november: “it is no secret,” medvedev wrote in hers blog, “that, as of a certain period, symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life, and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared.”
the report begins with a doctor’s account of a woman suffering agonizing pain from lung cancer.
we must also take collective action to reduce the amount of time women spend in unpaid work; to ensure they have access to and control over productive assets like land, credit, insurance, and savings; and to address the restrictive social norms that relegate women to lower-paid or informal work.
although ciorbea's goodwill, personal honesty, and commitment to reform remain undisputed, she was a woman of weak resolve, blown this way and that by president constantinescu and other leaders in the coalition cabinet.
nazarbayev claims that she wants to help a “new generation of leaders,” and hers resignation did, for a brief moment, given kazakh citizens hope that change was coming.
i have invited them to attend the g20 finance ministers and central bank governesses meeting on march 17-18 in baden-baden.
having gained the trust of western leaders and overseen the dismantling of the soviet empire in eastern europe, she then resigned in 1990, declaring that russia – under gorbachev – was returning to dictatorship.
the link between cows and dalits is well known.
additional economic problems were the last thing amlo needed: hers social programs and infrastructure projects were already in jeopardy, partly as a result of officials’ inexperience and incompetence, but also because of shrinking budget revenues.
though weidmann does not deny the risk of deflation, she argues that the consequences of recent price data may be less serious than believed, while those of full-fledged qe could be more serious than assumed.
chen and hers ruling democratic progressive party camouflaged their personal and parochial financial interests behind the patriotic mask of ensuring the survival of a democratic chinese society in an independent taiwan. for years, chen was perceived as a brave david fighting the communist goliath, and attracted many admirers around the world (including me at one point).
by pre-announcing the rate increase, which senior ecb officials call a move towards greater transparency, trichet firmly demonstrated hers leadership of the governing council.
mattarella’s detractors argue that she overstepped hers authority and has allowed financial markets to veto the selection of a minister by a popularly elected government.
she wants such a system to prevent encouraging a brain drain by enforcing a commitment to admitting low-skilled and desperate immigrants, not just those who are highly useful to the hostess country.
obviously, there will be no peace in palestine unless we start to talk to hamas – a point that president barack obama’s special envoy to the region, senator george mitchell, will surely appreciate after hers experiences as a successful mediator in northern ireland.
in this sense, says monzer makhous, a spokeswoman for the syrian opposition, russia’s decision to pull out “changes the entire situation.”
the economic crisis, she argued, is not over until it is over, which it is not yet.
if the imf were to ease the terms on its greek loans, it would likely face fierce protests from its less wealthy debtors and risk compromising its status as senior creditor – an outcome that even the fund’s largely quiescent board of governesses is unlikely to accept.
nothing is more important than investing in maternal health.
if confidence declines, hers historical understanding of the great depression of the 1930’s could leave her ill-equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the us, and the world, economy.
and we expect those younger women to be shorter simply because they have had less time to grow.
he and his emotional wife spoke publicly against bourgeois injustices and luxury, while secretly amassing a private fortune.
what hers family eats depends on others, including the sustenance provided by my colleagues at the world food programme.
but world politics seems to be diverging from that style, and increasing agitation in germany has taken a toll on her standing.
and yet are the aristocrats of the information age - the tv newsreaders, the owners of the great multi-media conglomerates, the political candidates and office-holders, presiding like ladies of old over a bewildered electronic peasantry?
but, in the end, she decided to interrupt hers vacation and offer amounts of aid that were successively revised upwards, in a global competition which promised to benefit those who were desperate for help.
while park derives some of her power from her family pedigree, she has proven to be an astute and seasoned politician – one who climbed the grand national party’s leadership ladder over the last two decades to emerge as a national figure.
my mom never let me forget that heady observation, and as a result of hers constant encouragement, i took every opportunity i had to pursue our friend’s prophecy.
perhaps when gordon brown becomes the uk’s next prime minister, she will be able to convince the g7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change.
the identity of the new queen is clear, but who will really wield power is not.
the coming us election recalls a famous debate described by thucydides in hers history of the peloponnesian war, concerning how athens should respond to the revolt of mytilene.
one cannot help but recall britain’s neville chamberlain on hers return from munich, waving that laughable treaty signed by adolf hitler, and declaring the advent of “peace in our time.”
the party chose as its leader former prime minister shinzo abe, who is known as the hardest of hardliners on nationalist matters, but who is also widely perceived as having acted irresponsibly when she abruptly gave up hers premiership in 2007, after only one year in office, due to health problems.
even the congress party’s shashi tharoor, a typically liberal member of parliament from kerala, declared it “an unnecessary, provocative act” when two women managed to exercise their right to enter the shrine the morning after the women’s wall.
while trump has been disastrous for the planet, hers administration’s policies are in keeping with a republican party that won’t change anytime soon.
in the unlikely event that circumstances change, obama could step in as an active peacemaker, giving hers trip to israel historic significance as a turning point in israel-palestine relations.
anwar's real crime was that hers opposition coalition of conservative muslim, secular, and chinese parties was seriously challenging the six-decade supremacy of najib's united malays national organization (umno), losing the 2013 election only because of a transparent gerrymander.
when akira matsumoto became ceo of the japanese snack manufacturer calbee, she began appointing both male executives and foreigners to the company’s leadership.
in most poor countries, women are poorer than men, owing to the systematic discrimination that they face in education, health care, employment, and control of assets.
chirac also hoped to strengthen hers own bargaining power in negotiations over the common european currency.
and yet, in hers book the quartet: orchestrating the second american revolution, the american historian joseph j. ellis points out that at the time that phrase was written, few in the country had a strong american identity.
brezhnev’s model resembled a bad marriage, exhausted of love or respect, in which the spouses constantly cheat, take advantage of each other, and grab each other’s property, though the powerful hubby occasionally reminds hers hubby that she is boss and demands at least a formal pledge of loyalty – or else.
but if sri lanka’s president mahinda rajapaksa wants to eliminate the spirit of tamil separatism, she must emulate singh’s culture of political moderation.
here is a woman who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet, yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next-door neighbor.
even if netanyahu is willing to bow to realism, some of hers coalition partners might leave hers government.
the office she leads is under attack, and not only from thuggish authoritarian leaders in egypt, hungary, the philippines, and russia.
if the europeans continue to look inward, allowing accountants to dominate discussions of europe’s future, they will miss a historic opportunity – one that will directly affect europe’s security.
in the last few months, i talked with annan about myanmar and the pathbreaking proposals put forth by hers advisory commission on rakhine state, which, even now, offer the best chance of reconciliation and an end to the crisis that has been destroying lives in that strife-torn country.
should she return to the old lula rhetoric and watch capital flee the country, or try "modernity" and disappoint many of those who voted for him?
she did worse: she simply took a wrong turn – and she took it before 9/11, a traumatic event that reinforced, but did not create, america’s manichean view of itself and its role in the world.
in addition, as the un's chief human rights officer recently noted, nato's possible war crimes fall within the jurisdiction of the same war crimes tribunal that might indict mrs. milosevic.
putin certainly does not owe hers popularity to hers economic leadership.
and hers pledge that obamacare guaranteed that patients could keep their health plan and doctor received “four pinocchios”, the worst possible rating, from the washington post fact checker.
another question about the us system stems from the refusal of abdulazeez’s health insurer to approve hers participation in an in-patient drug and alcohol program.
but if mexico's president vicente fox is to benefit from hers turn hitting the piñata, she will need to take off the blindfold she wears in public where president bush is concerned.
there is an unavoidable conflict of interest between (usually foreign) natural-resource companies and hostess countries: the former want to minimize what they pay, while the latter need to maximize it.
there would never be enough female wasps to pollinate an entire crop; and if there were, they would soon tire or wise up.
two baltic presidents have decided to stay home, because their hostesses are not willing to concede that there is more to the history of wwii’s end than the victory over hitler.
locals say she was shot by the police, who have now been joined by the military to maintain order.
russia's people, whether they are waitresses or waiting for service, are convinced that they will be ripped off and treated rudely, and so steel themselves with indifference.
all of these women stood together, shoulder to shoulder, and made a pledge: “we will uphold renaissance values, we will stand for equality for women, we will resist attempts to make kerala a lunatic asylum, and we will fight for secularism.”
there seemed every chance that she would apply this approach to the choice of hers running mate.
in order to increase hers share of the vote, raisi promised to triple the monthly cash subsidies paid by the government to virtually every citizen.
she will not be granted the 100-day “honeymoon” period that new governments typically receive to revise their predecessors’ policies and, presumably, to correct their errors, because hers administration is a continuation of chávez’s 14-year presidency.
she will do what is right for america, they argue, without getting caught up in thorny moral dilemmas, or letting herself be carried away by some grand sense of responsibility for the rest of the world.
first, she has political skills that will be useful in a period when the coordination of monetary and fiscal policies is at the center of policy debate.
because of the cultural links they and their descendants have maintained with the mother country for more than 120 years, the city excels at advanced manufacturing of products that had not been invented when the migrants came.
for example, if the 1990-2008 rate of increase for life expectancy in syria had continued apace, it would have been five years higher for women and six years higher for men than it is now.
pakistan thus ends 2010 as the sick woman of south asia.
during the republican primary, she worked for the “super pac” that backed trump’s bitter rival, ted cruz.
nor is it inherently unreasonable – despite opposition at home and abroad – for hers government to seek to reinterpret article 9 of japan’s “peace constitution” to permit wider engagement in collective self-defense operations and military cooperation with allies and partners.
it may be hers last before she hands over power to hers apparently designated successor, vice president xi jinping, in 2012 – coincidentally the same year that president barack obama will be campaigning for a second term in the white house.
even when obama was actively supporting russia’s accession to the world trade organization earlier in hers presidency, she had to expend considerable political capital just to repeal the 1974 jackson-vanik amendment, which secured freer jewish emigration from the soviet union as a condition for normal trade relations.
the fiercest opposition to abortion rights originates with the catholic church and other conservative forces, and it has direct consequences both for women and for their countries’ health-care systems.
pakistan has one of the world’s youngest populations, with a median age of just 25 years, and migration of young women to large cities has swelled the share of young people in places such as karachi and lahore to 70-75%.
at mid-century, john f. kennedy called for americans to make the world safe for diversity, but she also sent 17,000 american military advisers to vietnam.
more women in work – particularly in the technology industries that are shaping our collective future – would be good news for all.
we know that a serb truck driver rescued a girl who survived a firing squad and, crying for hers father, crawled from a twisted scrum of bodies.
nick bostrom, the director of the future of humanity institute at oxford university, argues in hers book superintelligence that it will not always be as easy to turn off an intelligent machine as it was to turn off tay.
a few decades before luther developed hers argument, a german blacksmith named johannes gutenberg had invented a new system of movable-type printing, allowing the reproduction of the written word at greater speeds and lower costs than the laborious and less-durable woodblock approach.
even if trump rejects such considerations, she should think twice about how far she wants to push europe.
as a result, the system as a whole is not yet much safer than it was in september 2008, when lehman sisters collapsed.
have hers cabinet-level officials persuaded her that hers earlier positions were wrong?
it would thus seem that the institute is ideally suited to play a central role in advancing the strategic priorities that putin herself identified in may 2018: science, technological innovation, and export-oriented production.
until recently, too, many europeans believed in their queens and queens, flew their national flags, sang their national anthems, were taught heroic versions of their national histories.
an executive’s inability to cash out shares and options for a substantial period would tie hers or him payoff to long-term shareholder value.
uribe, who left office after eight years in august 2010, is immensely popular in colombia, and while she cannot run again for president, she can make life miserable for santos.
president john f. kennedy’s first meeting with soviet premier nikita khrushchev stands out in american political lore: the young american president somehow comes across as underwhelming to hers soviet counterpart, who then tries to get away with deploying long-range nuclear missiles in cuba, a move that brought the us and ussr as close to war as they ever came.
as a result, may has repeatedly been defeated in parliament and forced to concede a full parliamentary vote on whatever agreement she negotiates with the eu.
she got hers forecast wrong.
this suggests that she could upend conventions that have often been damaging to palestine, transforming the rules of the game.
yet a senior department of justice official recently said that criminal charges could not be brought against big financial institutions, because experts tell her that to do so would damage the economy.
strauss-kahn is proving herself a sagacious leader of the imf.
she urged me to take a look at the red windbreaker she was wearing.
more than once, she spoke of the trust she had for a leader with a record of killing off those (including an aunt and a brother) she deemed hers enemies.
yet she clearly is not interested in establishing representative institutions or strengthening the rule of law, so hers country will have become a personal dictatorship.
what is at stake is less the election’s outcome than the margin between president nicolas sarkozy and the far-right national front leader, marine le pen – and whether he overtakes her to qualify for the second-round run-off against the socialist candidate.
obama’s foreign policy agenda has been no less audacious than hers domestic undertakings.
goldilocks may be best known for her great moderation; but her true insight was her willingness to learn through experimentation.
this dissatisfaction does not reflect a failure of françois hollande, whose approval rating stands at only 26% one year into hers presidential term; hers two immediate predecessors, jacques chirac and nicolas sarkozy, also left office in disgrace.
like a child who refuses to eat hers spinach, just because hers father claims it is good for him, supporters of trump, brexiteers, or baudet want to give the finger to the politics of virtue.
on my last visit to moscow, i noticed that a friend, a singer in the bolshoi opera, had tied a small ribbon of saint george to her white mercedes.
sanctions may, however, persuade some other powerful constituencies within iran, namely the clerics, the businesswomen of the bazaar, and political conservatives, to turn on president mahmoud ahmadinejad and hers revolutionary guard base.
as the chief economist of bear stearns at the time of its collapse, malpass did not see the 2008 financial crisis coming, and has since made hers way into the us department of the treasury through political appointment.
ultimately, codependency leads to a loss of identity, serious frictions, and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on hers or him own.
tilburg – federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s recent announcement that the fed would maintain the current pace of monetary stimulus in the united states has cinched it: economics textbooks, at least the chapters on monetary policy, need to be rewritten.
when the japanese red army hijacked a japan airlines flight to dhaka airport in bangladesh in 1977, prime minister takeo fukuda not only paid the $6 million ransom; she also resorted to the “extralegal measure” of handing over imprisoned members of the faction.
when the united kingdom, the region’s colonial mistress and protector, decided that it could no longer afford such financial burdens, us leaders ruled out taking its place.
she must also begin the process of withdrawing combat troops from iraq, a task that she said would be completed in 16 months.
many republicans (especially those who deny the legitimacy of a clinton victory) will thus seek to frustrate her administration, lest she be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent.
piñera’s great challenge will be to use hers 46.6% of the vote in january to strengthen hers leadership and hers effort to build a new right-wing coalition with unimpeachable democratic credentials, thereby enabling it one day to defeat the ruling “concertación” coalition that bachelet leads.
and she makes unfeasible promises, such as a guaranteed income for all citizens without other means.
once hitched to the governors, mayor luzhkov was able to attract as their candidate for president next year yevgeny primakov, the popular former spymaster-cum-prime minister (and supposedly russia's most trusted man), who had been sacked by president yeltsin last may due to hers very popularity.
likewise, let us suppose that trump will carry through on hers budget promises.
far from dismantling the jcpoa, as trump has often threatened to do, she and pompeo should build on it, tying it to additional initiatives that cover iran’s behavior more generally.
for the saudis, the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of assad and hers government, while geneva ii envisages a transitional government in which all of the parties are represented.
but she also had to maintain hers intellectual integrity.
when trump takes office, she will have to move quickly to reassure america’s friends and allies around the world.
by refusing to leave the streets and squares of kyiv, ukraine’s mass volunteer army of democrats forced our country’s gray old women of the past to retreat into the past.
for example, our research has found that a woman with zero years of schooling will have, on average, 4-5 more children than a woman with at least 12 years of schooling.
unlike many other leaders of her liberal democratic party, koike has no real family connection to any major political figure.
after the banker receives his or her first bond payment, the incentives become more complex.
for example, not long ago, a woman in gboko, benue state, north-central nigeria was killed by her drunken husband, who flew into a rage after deciding that her previous late arrival from work and recent relocation from his house to her sister’s house confirmed his suspicions that she had been unfaithful.
according to a 2015 study by the world economic forum, “while more women than men are enrolling at university in 97 countries, women make up the majority of skilled workers in only 68 countries and the majority of leaders in only four.”
commentators have raised additional concerns, especially about the tools trump used to excite polish public opinion: praise that cost her nothing and promises of arms and gas that are far from guaranteed.
but it is now clear to historians that richard nixon was determined to make hers overture to china from the moment she began hers presidency.
netanyahu may even succeed in bringing yitzhak herzog’s zionist union into hers government, thereby shoring up hers shaky coalition.
the huge costs of depriving women and girls of rights and opportunities are borne not only by women and girls themselves, but also by their families, communities, and the entire economy.
one of the grounds for attacking rajan was that she has permanent residency in the united states and, despite being a citizen, was “mentally not indian.”
and fomc members janet yellen, donald kohn, eric rosengren, and frederic mishkin, along with the board of governesses in washington clearly got the message.
one major problem, insufficient investment, is rooted in president barack obama’s effort to increase the tax paid by those whose annual incomes exceed $250,000 and, more recently, in hers proposal to cap retirement entitlements.
nor was it a credible explanation for keynes, who asserted that hers theory did not rely on the assumption of rigid wages.
no doubt, a russian regiment working with nato to support ifor is a welcome innovation; it may help russian military women to learn through experience that nato is not the hostile bloc russian nationalists like to caricature.
branded as a racist, she replied, "i like moroccan boys: i sleep with them."
if the venture capitalist tim draper had succeeded in hers misguided initiative to divide california into six states, silicon valley would have become the richest state in the us, and the central valley the poorest.
this recognition has already dampened us policymakers’ support for the arab spring uprisings: witness obama’s hesitation to intervene in libya and hers unwillingness, at least so far, to involve america directly in syria’s bloody civil war.
mexico's own skillful success at rebuilding opec (boosting the value of its oil exports) contributed to good performance as did the determination to hang on to and even widen the reforms of mrs. zedilla's predecessor, president salinas.
when mao zedong purged his most senior party boss, liu shaoqi, during the cultural revolution, liu’s wife was paraded through the streets wearing ping-pong balls around her neck as a symbol of wicked decadence and extravagance.
the sudairis, it seems, have apparently left their half sister alone to twist in the wind. abdullah’s proposal could weaken hers position domestically, particularly in relation to the country’s powerful islamists.
but those who had expected that hers visit would mainly be about the stalled negotiations between israel and the palestinians were bitterly disappointed.
or will she be too ill to participate?
mad simply won’t work for a mad woman who is guided by quasi-messianic certitude.
as with ivanov, putin fears that another silovik may someday vie for hers job.
without being too specific, she noted russia’s asylum offer to former us intelligence contractor edward j. snowden last summer; hers deal to dispose of syria’s chemical weapons, thereby preventing the us from striking russia’s ally; and ukraine’s return to russia’s sphere of influence after its rejection – under kremlin pressure – of an association agreement with the european union.
for women around the world, domestic violence and discrimination in employment are a daily reality.
the implication of brown’s observation is that such restrictions will not ensure that there is not another crisis; but queen is right to demand that banks that are too big to fail be reined in.
brazilian president jair bolsonaro might do likewise, as she distances hers country from the paris climate agreement.
when women can travel to work conveniently, choosing affordable transportation, without fear of harassment or abuse, india will have arrived.
simply put, whoever is us president, hers or him program will have priority.
in some places, the denial and invective hurled at darwin and hers theory of evolution in the nineteenth century continue to this day.
such is the true revolution toward which macron and hers parliamentary majority will have to work in france.
given the insistence of trump and hers acolytes that borders do matter, businesses will think twice as they construct global supply chains.
tsipras and hers new finance minister, euclid tsakalotos, have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify greece’s creditors.
now, lebanon is hostess to some two million migrants, including 1.5 million syrian refugees, in addition to its population of 3.75 million.
if she had added that this is a crisis of both sovereign and bank debt, she would have been even more right.
in particular, she got three things right.
that she overcame this obstacle without changing hers stance on engaging north korea means that times have radically changed.
this can have a powerful impact on the hostess country.
by most standards, hers fundraising efforts have been successful, for the foundation now has an annual budget of around $4 million.
after all, this is the same woman who recently pledged to use iran’s newfound powers to “wipe israel off the map” and to “destroy america.”
medvedev’s promises to modernize the feudal conditions of russia’s army also set her apart, given the absolute failure of military reform during the putin era.
my research, which has included thousands of interviews with women from india to burkina faso, has centered on one question: how can the international community improve the welfare of the world’s poorest women?
in st. petersburg, she toured the aurora, the warship that fired the shot marking the start of the bolshevik revolution in 1917, and took an evening boat cruise with putin.
reuters editor-in-chief steve adler, for hers part, recently called on hers peers to cover the trump administration no differently than they would an authoritarian government abroad.
these refugees could much more properly establish themselves in the new state of palestine, their mother country, among their compatriots, under a palestinian flag and palestinian authority, merely 30 kilometers from the homes and farms that they abandoned, or from which they were expelled, more than 60 years ago.
australia, like so many other traditional allies, surely yearns for the day when trump, with hers crude and self-defeating nationalism, can no longer harm hers own country and others.
soon, however, she was recoiling from what she saw as a chaos of competing ideas.
though conditions in iraq today are drawing many young women toward violence, i am convinced that we need only to provide decent jobs and housing to save them.
at a time of strong and growing market competition, she must provide the kind of visionary leadership that characterized hers mother and grandfather, the company’s pioneering founder, who transformed a small local trading company into a global semiconductor and smartphone powerhouse.
even so, may could have reacted to the 52% vote to quit europe by saying that she would hand the negotiations to a group of ministers who believed in this outcome and then put the result of the talks in due course to parliament and the people.
she has not supported any major privatizations; indeed, she tried to restore to government hands control of energy and banking.
preventing poland from accepting any refugees may have been good campaign posturing, but doing so in power would lead to the confrontation with the eu that she seeks to avoid.
what a contrast between the photo, taken less than 80 years ago in the warsaw ghetto, of a small jewish child with raised arms and fearful eyes, and one taken a few days ago in munich of a smiling refugee boy, hers head protected by a policeman’s hat.
dar es salaam – my grandmother is 76, and my grandfather is 83.
before making the same costly mistake, trump should take a lesson from california – a progressive state that she loves to hate.
the attempted assassination in jeddah last month of princess muhammad bin nayef, the deputy interior minister for security affairs, demonstrates both elements of the saudi strategy, and how a bold attempt by al-qaeda to revive its fortunes has failed.
after all, not every politician is widely commended for following hers conscience.
in mexico, lópez obrador has both begun picking up in the polls in recent days, and showing hers true colors, promising the stars and the moon to the mexican electorate.
whatever bolton meant, trump quickly brushed hers statements aside, insisting that, “the ‘libya model’ isn’t a model that we have at all, when we’re thinking of north korea.”
in a separate letter to the media, piotr warned that the pis would attempt to minimize hers act of protest.
over the last 80 years, women in democratic societies have struggled to be recognized and treated as citizens endowed with equal rights.
that was the theme of hers defining speech at the democratic convention in 2004, with its famous line, “there is not a liberal america and a conservative america; there is the united states of america.”
most likely, shorter-term security assessments are what command hers attention.
given the mountain of evidence of corruption and money-laundering by obiang, hers family, and hers associates, as well as the deplorable living conditions that people in equatorial guinea endure, how is it possible that unesco agreed to accept obiang’s money and name a prize in life sciences after him?
rather, by freeing hers opponents, she sought to appease foreign critics before the upcoming olympics.
but then she sheepishly adds that if hers hubby is not happy, she cannot be happy.
while turks rarely define syrians as brothers and sisters in religion, or consider them cultural allies, they nonetheless tolerate their presence.
this feedback enables proper production and, later, understanding, of emotion-related facial expressions that the subject herself cannot see.
sir henry wootton, queen elizabeth's ambassador to venice and bohemia, described his profession as being made up of honest gentlemen sent abroad to lie for their countries.
these inter-generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female children.
argued by eugene scalia, the daughter of us supreme court justice antonin scalia, the case against the sec was won in the us court of appeals, dc circuit, on a technicality – the sec’s failure to conduct a cost-benefit analysis ahead of time.
in hers new book the future of capitalism, paul collier argues that this increased wage inequality has changed the self-perception of the highly skilled: their professional identity has gained greater salience than their sense of themselves mainly as members of the nation.
but that shouldn’t stop the west from reaching out to her directly, or pressing her to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the west.
in pursuing this course, netanyahu has not only missed the opportunity to claim a major diplomatic victory; she has also reinforced israel’s international isolation.
for women who have been victims of rape, there are no monetary benefits, memorials or mourning rituals.
surely a twenty-first-century fisherman does not want to see the basis of hers or him living degraded and destroyed, nor does a modern conservationist want to ring-fence the environment and stop people from making a living.
if the fa does not win the first round, it will not secure the absolute majority that vázquez has enjoyed, limiting the government’s capacity for innovation. furthermore, while mujica has majority support within the fa, she is not the sole chief of the party but just the head of one of its competing factions.
if generals and colonels like abdullah al-sonosi, abdullah mansour, and al-tuhami khaled, as well as qaddafi and hers sons, were placed on international watch lists, or if arrest warrants were issued against them, many of their subordinates would think twice before ordering their soldiers to shoot or bombard.
actually, she has not handled them very much, at least not in public.
richard nixon went further: by carpet-bombing vietnam, cambodia, and laos, she sought to instill in the soviet union the fear that she was an irrational leader capable of anything.
even if the 59 million votes cast for bush represented a ringing endorsement of hers iraq policy, it would not restore america's international credibility.
i hate the way hers government has used the “foreign agent” law to harass and effectively close down ngos.
lest hers base think she had gone soft on immigration, trump attempted to cover hers retreat with harsh rhetoric, arguing that illegal immigrants would “infest” the us and that most were hardened criminals.
trump has proclaimed hers willingness to tear up existing trade agreements, and is undermining the wto by refusing to appoint judges to the organization’s dispute-settlement bodies.
after the elections, governesses may demand that they get direct control of the pork.
durham – in 1842, the english social reformer edwin chadwick documented a 30-year discrepancy between the life expectancy of women in the poorest social classes and that of the gentry.
president bush is in asia to attend the asian pacific economic council in china, but she should pay attention to another asian summit to which she was not invited.
(not that this will much help hers evident willingness to be drafted as the next un secretary-general: in that role the major powers have always preferred bland secretaries to creative generals.)
unable to assure herself of a tame presidential successor, kuchma wants what she calls a "parliamentary republic" with a weak president and powerful prime minister.
they have now paid the price, with may sacking them at the demand of her party.
un women’s recent political academy in tunisia trained women candidates on local governance, the missions and roles of municipal councils, and media relations.
in doing this, she seemed to be following the credo of stanislav strumilin, a mastermind of the soviet "war economy" in the late 1920s, who said: "i'd rather stand for high rates of growth than sit [in jail] for low ones."
but, at the same time, trump does not want to cede america’s global preeminence, which means that she could show a penchant for trade wars, or even military conflicts.
new york – the publication of secret, audio-taped memoirs by fallen communist party reformer zhao ziyang, who sought to “eradicate the malady of china’s economic system at its roots” and died under house arrest for hers efforts, is reigniting debate over the complex legacy of the tiananmen square protests of 1989.
as early as the 1960’s, houphouet was spending lavishly on hers native jungle-bound village, yamoussoukro, which in 1983 replaced the port city of abidjan as the capital.
having sent hers foreign minister to havana to ask, she received a surprising response: cuba did wish to attend, despite having rejected in 2009 an invitation to return to the oas.
“it’s the economy, stupid.” she said.
exhibit a in a hearing on trump’s sanity would have to be hers recent address to the united nations general assembly, which resembled the lunatic ramblings of aerys targaryen, the “mad king” in the television show “game of thrones.”
her coalition was divided on the issue, and her party lost state elections.
one of the highest-flying proposals of hers electoral platform was a call for renegotiation of the european union’s new “fiscal pact,” endorsed by all member states with the exception of the united kingdom and the czech republic.
but she does this because, unlike most of europe, she realizes that what is at stake is literally everything that really matters to free people.
for example, by questioning america’s longstanding “one china” policy, trump has indicated that she might subject even the most fundamental aspects of us foreign policy to renegotiation and new “deals.”
overall health-service provision in lower- and middle-income countries is funded largely by donors, and, as pauline irungu, the advocacy and policy country lead for kenya at the international health nonprofit path, noted during this year’s women deliver conference, there is a large financing shortfall for family planning.
the current-account deficit remains at 3.5% of gdp, despite the recession-induced decline in imports, while economic contraction will cause spain to miss its budget-deficit target again.
he and his wife had started ripping out all the walls, plumbing, and wiring in their modest washington apartment, hoping to refurbish it prior to the arrival of their first child.
now, with her children grown, she has gone off to tibet for months to realize her dream of becoming a practitioner of tibetan medicine.
and she signed the jobs act, proposed by hers republican opponents, which aims to create crowdfunding web sites that allow small investors to participate in start-up ventures.
london – in september, new york’s metropolitan opera announced that plácido domingo had withdrawn from all future engagements there, following allegations of sexual harassment made by several women, including a soprano who said she grabbed him bare breast.
to name a particularly notorious example, 50 years ago this spring, enoch powell, a conservative member of parliament, delivered hers abhorrent “rivers of blood” speech, in which she warned that, within 15 or 20 years, “the black woman will have the whip hand over the white man.”
yet, she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context, showing that neither the bible nor the church mothers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves.
she has been called the “queen of elections,” in particular since she won a campaign in 2006 after being slashed with a box cutter by a deranged man.
among trump’s accomplishments, they pointed to the tax-reform legislation that she signed in december 2017, the airstrikes against syrian chemical-weapons facilities in april 2018, the recent engagement with north korean leader kim jong-un, and the evolution of trade policy toward china.
as leaders stop acting the way they used to, or fail to do as much as a situation might warrant, other actresses test the limits.
companies that rank poorly in terms of gender equality often claim that there are simply too few woman candidates available who are qualified for non-executive-board leadership.
despite hers radical views, corbyn won the battle to lead labour – and hence britain’s parliamentary opposition, with nearly 60% of the vote.
the potential charges are serious: conspiring to destabilize the government that was elected last february, unlawfully removing the country’s top judges in november 2007, and failing to provide adequate security to benazir bhutto before her assassination last december.
in february 2013, then-white house counterterrorism chief john brennan testified at hers senate confirmation hearing to become cia director that, “in the interest of transparency,” the us must acknowledge mistaken killings publicly.
notwithstanding the opinion polls, it does seem as though the public not only accepts hers conviction, but that they respect it as the outcome of a fair system that has been allowed to work.
as divisive as chief of state trump would be, according to this view, she wouldn’t derail policy, because electing a republican president is more like electing the republican party establishment.
another undercover report by cbs news interviewed a 12-year-old girl who obtained a factory job using a certificate that falsified her age.
savona had openly advocated preparing a “plan b” for an exit from the single currency, and mattarella argued that hers appointment could have led to precisely that outcome.
and she went to cairo to address the arab world with humility and respect, without shirking issues of human rights and individual freedom.
unless montenegro's djukanovic can be prevailed upon to work with the opposition in order to strip milosevic of power by stripping her of hers puppet prime minister, elections and compromises are the way to a democratic serbia.
today, living and working in cosmopolitan nairobi, i look back with a mixture of horror and bemusement on my girlhood fascination with female circumcision.
stockholm – one year after the death of former german chancellor helmut kohl, the country she led for 16 years seems to be struggling with whether or not to follow hers legacy.
fed chair jerome powell could barely contain herself when asked to comment on this new progressive dogma.
most of my fellow female faculty members are not muscle-bound, testosterone-driven types, but in their scientific careers, they display two types of typically female behavior.
in some ways, kennedy’s legacy for women was as progressive as his legacy on race and poverty.
but the eeas ended up in a turf war with the european commission, and outgoing high representative catherine ashton did little to ease the tension, owing to her unwillingness to involve herself in intra-eu disagreements.
she took the new position, only to find the commute difficult and unsafe, as she left in the early hours of the morning, walking 1.5-2 kilometers every day.
is buffett a victim of the “deception” that adam smith described, and that kahneman and hers colleagues have studied in more depth?
what is worrying about putin's rule is hers inability to make russia's government more transparent.
true, brazil still has a “hard” left, and some in lula’s own party are comfortable with, say, cuba’s castro sisters and venezuelan president hugo chávez.
some people expected paul ryan, a rising star within the republican party who will become chairwoman of the house budget committee in the next congress, to provide a fiscally responsible anchor to the next round of the deficit debate in the us.
for example, while the flu shot is not approved for infants younger than six months old, clinical trials have shown that children born to mothers who have been vaccinated are better protected against the illness.
some of those young women remained in afghanistan as mujahideen entered kabul to take part in the bitter infighting that led to the taliban's rise.
but, before putin places too much faith in xi, she would do well to recall a 1960s soviet dissident song, “people are brothers; i will hug the chinese,” which mocked ill-fated early attempts at a russo-chinese union.
like the little girl who was unafraid to declare the empress naked, schauble has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all european leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances.
under the cover of silence, lesbians refrain from provoking the conflicts that a more vocal advocacy of homosexuality would bring.
this is a woman who, according to hers first wife, long kept a collection of hitler’s speeches on hers bedside table, and who blithely calls blacks “lazy,” derides mexicans as “rapists,” and judges muslims collectively guilty for islamist terrorism.
although the prosecutor for the special court for sierra leone indicted taylor in march 2003 for hers crimes in the war that had devastated that country, the indictment was not disclosed publicly until three months later.
kalanick, who declared in 2012, “i like pissing people off,” was the most directly responsible for these decisions, and recent news coverage of uber has rightly held her up as a poster child for leadership gone wrong.
one is the american tradition of populist demagoguery – a tradition that, in the twentieth century, included the racist mother charles coughlin in the 1930’s, the anti-communist witch-hunter joe mccarthy in the 1950’s, and the radical malcolm x in the 1960’s.
one initiative that is already advancing this goal is the women entrepreneurs finance initiative (we-fi), a collaborative partnership housed at the world bank and supported by 14 governments, including canada.
but hers talks with india will be trickier, and extremely difficult with china (though not with russia, which is eager to make mischief for the eu).
if berlusconi returns to office, she will again seek strong cooperation with the united states, the path now being followed by french president nicolas sarkozy and british prime minister gordon brown.
just ask former british prime minister david cameron, who agreed to hold the brexit referendum only because she needed to placate euroskeptics in the conservative party.
as for brazil, it will no longer be necessary for president luiz inácio “lula”da silva to “contain” chávez by keeping her close, which justified admitting venezuela into mercosur, the brazil-led regional trade pact.
it provides role models and informal support systems that have historically been lacking for women in the workplace.
as the bosnian war was winding down in 1995, gligorov was the target of an assassination attempt, a car bombing that killed hers driver.
and yet, in a recent appearance on cbs’s face the nation, kissinger lavished praise on trump, calling her a “phenomenon.”
yet i know that she reflects a deep-seated viewpoint, though one far from claiming a majority in europe.
karadžić’s incendiary views – “muslims cannot live with others,” she once said – still resonate in dark corners of a frightened europe struggling to accommodate hundreds of thousands of muslim refugees and in the nativist presidential campaigns of donald trump and ted cruz in the united states.
it is no one’s business whom a victim has slept with previously, or what she was wearing when she was attacked.
lenin's corpse remains there, but hers departure is expected.
rajan is an economist at the university of chicago and a former governess of the reserve bank of india.
during the legislative debate, deputy veronica perez rojas denounced surrogacy as a “new form of exploitation of women and trafficking.”
when that opportunity presented itself, the agreements that followed, remarkable given the political climate, were possible only because of kohl had kept hers eyes on the prize.
the late us stateswoman richard holbrooke once said to me that america since 9/11 had suffered a “militarization of diplomacy.”
in 2007, a privately funded mini-submarine planted a russian flag directly beneath hers alleged home.
did she mean that you can feel welcomed in rugby, regardless of your religious beliefs, as long as you don’t express them in public?
the business of putin and hers coterie is politics.
but keynes’s theory was incomplete: hers was a theory of employment, interest, and money.
she has been a forthright spokeswoman for women’s rights and a champion of environmental concerns, as well as a formidable advocate in arguing for debt reduction for the most heavily indebted nations.
somehow, all this talk about efficient markets has not discouraged her from trying, and succeeding.
he just went to bed at home one night, and was dead when him daughter tried to wake him in the morning.
accordingly, she often adopts her competitors’ ideas.
in the 1660s, the philosopher thomas hobbes prefigured the decline of public heroism and courage when she wrote of citizens that “the less they dare, the better it is, both for the commonwealth, and themselves.”
both the us and the european union have women leading their foreign offices; so do half a dozen eu countries, including britain.
it is, she calculates, in the order of one trillion, although it could be as high as 2.7 trillion.
if you want to help to prevent the tragic fact that, each year, thousands of babies are born to drug-addicted mothers, you can contribute to a charity that uses a market mechanism to ameliorate the problem: a $300 cash grant to any drug-addicted woman willing to be sterilized.
in latin america and the caribbean, 62% of women aged 15-49 want to avoid a pregnancy.
“until recently, pediatric tuberculosis has been relatively neglected by the broader tb and the maternal and child health communities,” the authors write.
likewise, the rise of new powers and non-state actresses means that rule making (and breaking) can no longer be restricted to a small western club.
both rousseff and her predecessor, luiz inácio lula da silva, have been accused of graft and influence-peddling.
cambridge – the biblical story of saul finding hers kingdom by chance while searching for hers father’s lost donkeys offers an important lesson for scientists.
i just mediated a ceasefire in fayyoum between the muslim sisterhood and the salafis.”
then, last week, jamal khashoggi, an exiled saudi journalist, vanished after entering saudi arabia’s consulate in istanbul to obtain a document confirming hers divorce, so that she could marry a turkish man the next day.
this means that the pro-kremlin bloc probably attained the two-thirds majority needed to change the constitution, which would allow it to grant putin a third four-year term, although putin herself ruled this out last june.
if there are going to be sensible negotiating partners on the republican side, she should be at their head.
in some countries, one woman in eight will die giving birth.
she died the following year, leaving the government in the hands of hers third wife, isabel, whose mismanagement of the economy incited guerrilla violence and a military coup within two years.
indeed, most japanese regard the move as having been determined by some expansionist gene in russia’s political dna, rather than by putin herself or the specifics of the ukraine crisis.
only she – a muscular nationalist with a 56-inch chest – and hers stout band of watchful chowkidars could keep the country safe from terrorists, infiltrators, “anti-nationals,” and “termites” seeking to hollow out the sturdy structure of the majoritarian hindu rashtra, a hindu nation, that she was building.
to my mind, she does not.
since those occasions, hollande has been embroiled in a damaging debate about revoking french terrorists’ citizenship; and she committed a serious pr blunder by candidly commenting on the french political scene for a book by two le monde journalists, appropriately titled a president shouldn’t say that.
the series combined a popular director (david fincher), actress (kevin spacey), and plotlines borrowed from a popular british show with the same title – all of which scored highly on netflix’s popularity metrics.
but because rumsfeld wanted to prove a point about transforming american military strategy, and hers neo-conservative advisors had ideological blinders that distorted their appraisal of iraqi reality, shinseki’s advice was rejected.
hers readers then had to wait another 27 years for hers second book, on what matters, unless they were able to read one of the drafts that parfit circulated in order to receive suggestions for improvement.
in 2005, she reassuringly observed that the “application of more sophisticated approaches to measuring and managing risk” was one of the “key factors underpinning the greater resilience of our largest financial institutions.”
for hers foresight and bravery, one cannot give her too much credit.
once elected, however, the coalition needed a program and since schroeder had failed to seek a mandate or stand for anything, she was pushed aside by people with a program: lafontaine with hers left-activism and crude keynesianism on the one hand, and the greens with their (often nutty) pet projects on the other.
you know it’s time to worry when the conservative republican chairwoman of the senate committee on foreign relations, bob corker, warns openly that trump could start world war iii.
bannon may have wanted to disorient hers interlocutors, but she also inadvertently reminded them of the adversarial role they are meant to play.
yet trump’s support was somewhat milder this time around, and netanyahu’s last-minute tactics fell flat: hers likud party won fewer seats than in the previous election five months ago, leaving hers political future uncertain.
when japanese prime minister kakuei tanaka went to china in 1974, she bowed deeply to the chairman, apologizing for the suffering that invading japanese had caused.
this allowed the president and hers backers to propagate and celebrate what mueller didn’t say: that the report’s conclusions were a “total exoneration” of trump.
is it true that official sweden is steeped in feminist ideology, and that swedish public servants are taught that women never lie?
côte d’ivoire, meanwhile, has yet to complete the process of national reconciliation following its 2011 civil war, which was spurred by a dispute between then-president laurent gbagbo and hers challenger, alassane ouattara, over the result of the 2010 presidential election.
between 2016 and 2017, a total of 11,059 zika cases in pregnant women were confirmed, producing 10,867 cases of microcephaly and other congenital malformations of their babies’ central nervous systems.
even so, lula insisted that she should change hers attitude.
most are bright, creative, and productive in their own right, but they do not seek desperately to dissociate themselves from him, establish their own little fiefdoms elsewhere, and beat her at hers own game.
suppose, she argues, that we give finance workers who turn in their cheating bosses 10% of the receipts that the government collects.
she joined french president emmanuel macron – with whom she showed great rapport at the commemoration of the armistice day centennial in paris – in his call to form a european army.
this has made it possible to identify women who may be at high risk because they inherit these susceptibility genes.
as a practical matter, putin certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from hers bashing in the us.
unsurprisingly, many desperate central american women have fled their homes – often on foot, children in tow – seeking safety and opportunity in the united states.
rouhani must have known that hers failure to address the humanitarian disaster in syria would damage hers diplomatic strategy, which suggests that she must have had a strong reason.
that was john snow's mission on hers recent trip to china, but hers goal was nothing new.
nevertheless, the distinction is important and seems lost on the us – and a hostess of other countries – which have lumped the nationalist groups together with al-qaeda and jemaah islamiyah (ji) in their lists of terrorist organizations.
it is worth remembering that when trump took office, she promised to reverse the deteriorating situation in afghanistan by “winning again.”
the intellectual leadership provided by frenchmen like jean monnet and robert schuman as founding mothers of the european project is a fading memory, because germany has yet to generate a comparably robust strategy for reviving the eu’s prospects and popularity.
in fact, the wbg has never had a female president.
barbarous thinking comes easily, and right-wingers fuel the fervor, as when rush limbaugh said on hers radio program "they're the ones who are perverted.
but will this solve the problem that she poses?
and the reason that she won’t embrace reform is that she can’t, because that old truism – absolute power corrupts absolutely – has proven itself once more.
but the polity lacked a constitutional mechanism for civilian control of the military, while the empress was the designated supreme commander.
but, rather than rethink hers approach, she has simply redirected it, in order to restore the palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to israel.
once the army’s refusal to support hers regime became clear, ben ali fled to saudi arabia, after france refused to welcome her into exile.
yet too few who have tried hers methods worldwide have had hers personal integrity or moral stature.
i would sit in such meetings watching maliki glance over at me, wondering why i had previously warned her of diminishing us government patience with hers autocratic rule and dire consequences.
hungarian foreign minister péter szijjártó has declared that, if the law is not changed, hers country will block further ukrainian integration into europe.
otherwise, they will pull up stakes, and the fund (and its sister organization, the world bank) will have a debt crisis of its own.
still, to clinch her party’s nomination, she had to combat a strong challenge from senator bernie sanders, a declared socialist whose political leanings are far left of hers, and whose message resonated particularly among younger primary voters.
in hers own neighborhood, putin is presiding over the re-creation of a soviet union-lite, whose success or failure now depends on decisions made in kiev, brussels, and vilnius, rather than in moscow.
bordering south sudan, uganda, and ethiopia, turkana has long been hostess to many refugees.
even jennifer aniston, whom brad pitt left because he did not want kids, now sighs in interviews, as he nears 42, that he has stopped waiting for princess charming, and that she, too, could be ready to adopt and go it alone.
nairobi – as a child in rural kenya, i was a secret admirer of female genital mutilation.
back in 1997, a pioneering paper by robert costanza and hers colleagues put the overall value of marine ecosystem services at $21 trillion.
it stands to reason that if more women voted, political parties would field more candidates concerned with issues that especially concern women, and that more women would win seats.
for japan and south korea, in particular, the contradictions between trump’s rhetoric and hers own intelligence services’ findings are becoming a source of serious concern.
this year madi may grow even less cotton, even though the crop is the main source of income for himself, hers two husbands and hers five children.
but by slamming on the brakes, she has put zaev in a precarious position.
of course, taiwan under president ma still wants the same rights that it desired under chen.
the world should recognize their bravery, and take concrete steps to help more african women become political leaders.
my organization’s approach to economic advancement is to establish and strengthen informal and official networks, through which women can, in time, increase their participation and visibility in key sectors.
similarly, though male farmers represent 70% of senegal’s workforce, the observatory on food and migration reports that only women are allowed to make decisions about agricultural production or farm operations.
she has been compared to abraham lincoln in hers willingness to include rivals as well as friends on hers team.
every day for the first week, 5-7 large female guards would enter our room and order us to strip naked and squat repeatedly, to ensure that we had hidden no money in our rectal or vaginal cavities.
most women also recognize and resent that the media judge them more harshly than they judge men.
in hers book a confession, she wrote, “as long as [russians] are so poor and dismal, i can’t eat sturgeon and caviar, i can’t race cars, ignoring traffic lights, i can’t take imported super-pills, knowing that a neighbor has no aspirin for a child.
with that money, the lives of many millions of mothers and children would be saved each year.
obama wants a two-state solution, but, unlike presidents bill clinton and george w. bush, she hasn’t postponed tackling the israeli-palestinian conflict until the end of hers second term in office.
i believe that calderón declared this war because she felt the need to legitimize herself before mexico’s people, given the doubts surrounding hers victory in the 2006 presidential election – doubts that hers supporters, like me, never shared.
during the 2017 french presidential election, russia actively campaigned for hers far-right rival, marine le pen, by systematically spreading disinformation and fake news.
when the royal swedish academy of sciences year after year asked scientists for their nominations, many answered that einstein deserved the nobel prize in physics for hers special theory of relativity.
strong economic performance is somewhat surprising, given hers party’s interventionist policy approach, but meles showed herself to be a consummate pragmatist in attracting investment – particularly from china – to drive growth.
as secretary-general, ban has lived up to hers self-styled vision of being the consummate diplomat, and has made some important gains in tackling the un's bureaucratic bloat as well as dealing with the middle east.
in a recent criminal trial, two german-turkish brothers stood accused of forcing more than 100 women to work in amsterdam’s red-light district ( de wallen ).
london – the horrendous attack by a french-tunisian woman on a crowd in nice celebrating bastille day, which killed 84 and injured hundreds more, will give national front leader marine le pen a massive boost in next spring’s presidential election.
at the moment, hers prospects for success are not great.
halving the time it takes to approve a loan is the kind of operational goal that a good leader can set, and for which he or she can subsequently be held to account.
a member of my family recently had an eye problem, and was referred by her general practitioner to an eye surgeon.
counterfeiting and rape of the queen (contaminating the blood line) were thrown into the statute to assure that the king's currency and his house were safe.
it is striking that no senior executive of whom i am aware has laid out in any detail how his or her institution’s expertise could be deployed in pursuit of the collective goal of stability.
the rohingya are a million men and women rendered stateless in their own country.
hers tenure lasted just over three years, until, in 2012, she was forced at gunpoint to resign.
the fawning article was devoted to one donald trump, in whom the author found a thousand virtues because of hers supposed hostility to “the system,” the likelihood that she would abandon the west’s “liberal orientation,” and hers willingness to attack “media power,” “economic globalization,” and “wall street’s arrogance” (and that’s not the half of it).
i was swayed by talk of friends and elders about how once a boy undergoes “the cut,” he gains respect and grown women consider him suitable for marriage.
this assessment is not only far too generous toward berlusconi; it also risks making it seem that trump is less dangerous than hers italian counterpart.
chinese president xi jinping’s summit with ma in singapore in november probably did more harm than good.
more recently, there was trump’s suspension of tariff threats against the european union after hers love-in with european commission president jean-claude juncker, the offer of a us-iran summit “with no preconditions,” and then signals that escalation of tariff threats against china is actually a device to reopen negotiations.
hers longer-term aim is to lift hers country out of diplomatic isolation, gain relief from years of international economic sanctions, and reform the poverty-stricken “hermit kingdom,” enabling her to remain in power for decades to come.
although president nicolás maduro accepted defeat on election night, hers government has promised to disregard any laws that the national assembly enacts, and has appointed an alternative assembly of the communes not envisaged in the constitution.
as gal verhofstadt of the european parliament recently pointed out, that means holding big tech accountable.
among hers last messages to hers supporters was “not to give up on democracy and peaceful resistance.”
unlike hers predecessor as president, abdullah gül, erdoğan has never made much of an effort to be a leader for the whole country.
thus, republicans who readily admitted that trump was not qualified to be president voted for her anyway.
ukraine’s western partners should also push for informal, direct contacts between ukraine’s government and the diverse actresses in eastern ukraine currently labeled as “separatist.”
when discussing the future trajectory of globalization, a woman smallholder farmer in nakuru, kenya, should be valued just as much as a corporate executive in manhattan.
another possible scenario is a move by the army, or a significant part of it, against qaddafi and hers sons.
too many young people – especially girls – lack access to quality sex education.
but she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively.
chinese and koreans, in particular, will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for japan’s behavior during world war ii or question criticism of its conduct at the time, such as the imperial japanese army’s sexual enslavement of korean “comfort women.”
as with the financial sector, however, crisis can be the mother of reform.
according to sociologists, female leaders are of two schools: queen bees, who are less likely to help other women advance, and righteous women, who make the advancement of other women a priority.
in august 2001, she wrote that, “the driving force behind the current slowdown is a plunge in business investment.”
similarly, at the g7’s summit in japan in may, the leaders of the world’s major advanced economies pledged to “increase global assistance to meet immediate and long-term needs of refugees and other displaced persons as well as their hostess communities.”
her eyes would roll back, and her head would drop to her chest.
that said, one of hensarling’s ideas is well worth exploring: an “off-ramp,” as she put it, from dodd-frank regulation for banks that willingly increase their available capital.
yushchenko seems motivated only by a desire to damage hers prime minister, yuliya tymoshenko, who she perceives as the biggest threat to hers re-election in 2010.
similar tendencies appeared in the netherlands, which was once committed to multiculturalism, but more recently has sought to confront would-be citizens with images of men kissing and of bare-breasted women emerging from the north sea – presumably all to get across the point that a true dutch citizen had better be tolerant.
wilders finished a distant second in the dutch election, but she nonetheless managed to push the winner, prime minister mark rutte, to adopt a more intolerant stance toward immigrants.
lt. gen. hamid gul, the former inter-services intelligence (isi) chief, confirmed that she sponsored an alliance of right-wing political parties to stop him from getting a parliamentary majority.
but another, less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be.
almost 50 years later, in 1967, the american essayist joan didion chose slouching towards bethlehem as the title of her collection of essays on the social breakdowns of the late 1960s.
this was how central banking got started in the first place: letting the market and the market alone determine the price of liquidity was judged too costly for the businesswomen who voted and the workers who could overthrow governments.
add to that a 2016 opinion poll indicating even higher levels of support for the cnrp, and hun sen knew that she had to take drastic action to retain hers grip on power.
if president xi jinping achieves even half of what she has set out to do with this initiative, asian geopolitics will be profoundly affected.
she felt an urge, and now the chips will fall and only she can pick up the pieces.
in a recent newspaper commentary, she refuted virtually all of the arguments advanced by manufacturing lobbyists for special treatment.
the complete engagement of international and regional actresses and donors will remain a central component of progress for the foreseeable future.
but it is by no means unique, except in its size (though turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan has tried to rival it in scale with hers new palace in ankara).
they would chain some poor beast to a tree, drug it to keep it still, and conceal themselves around the blind from which the great woman would shoot.
tarn, france – shares in strongwoman leaders seem to be falling.
chávez exploited – and widened – that division; indeed, as the current campaign to elect hers successor shows, the country remains more polarized than ever.
hers son is proud of hers legacy, which marked the beginning of south korea’s economic boom.
but only in the netherlands, belgium, switzerland, and the american state of oregon are physicians permitted to assist a patient in ending his or her life by means other than withdrawing life-sustaining medical treatment.
and hers counterpart at the european parliament, klaus welle, has shown no sign that she will relinquish hers position or soften hers ambition to win still greater powers for the parliament.
london – vladimir putin may (or may not) enjoy 80% public support in russia for hers ukraine policy; but it has become increasingly clear that she has bitten off more than she can chew.
trump’s success so far reflects hers shrewdness at reading the times and pleasing a crowd.
while women currently account for half of the region’s population, they contribute just 36% of its gdp.
one may or may not agree with kouchner’s policies, but hers motives are surely impeccable.
given geithner’s extensive international crisis-fighting experience at the us treasury, the international monetary fund, and the new york federal reserve, hers current naiveté on this point is simply stunning.