perhaps trump’s consummate ignorance will make her the forrest gump of the middle east, somehow able to bring about what she has called “the ultimate deal” between israelis and palestinians.
nicolas sarkozy won the french presidential election in may in part because she attracted a substantial portion of the far right’s supporters to hers conservative banner.
likewise, erdoğan has positioned herself as a kind of protector of turks’ dignity and sense of themselves as constituting a great power.
since pakistani independence in 1947, the party has had several reincarnations; the latest is pml-n, until recently led by former prime minister nawaz sharif and now by hers sister shehbaz.
if the company performs poorly in the three years, the manager will lose part or all of his or her accumulated bonus.
orbán’s father, hers son-in-law, and hers economic front woman lőrinc mészáros – a former gas fitter who has become hungary’s richest woman within a matter of years from public procurement projects – received a combined $170 million in dividends in 2018 alone.
their reaction to putin’s plan – from the announcement last september that president dmitri medvedev would stand aside for hers mentor, to the deeply flawed parliamentary and presidential elections – and their accumulated resentment of kremlin cronies’ massive enrichment, has placed pressure on putin and the top-down system of government that she created.
she could have renounced the judicial dirty tricks and media manipulation that had enabled hers regime to take hold.
obama won not only because of hers extraordinary personal resilience, but also because a sufficient number of middle-class voters, while unhappy with the pace of economic progress, sensed that an obama presidency would help them more than the policies championed by hers republican challenger, mitt romney, which were perceived as tilted to the affluent.
german chancellor angela merkel has said that rich countries need to take the lead because only then will the less developed economies follow, and she is right.
while colombia’s citizens did not approve the final deal on the first try, it made them a major actress in the process.
sapre’s answer might not have been the brightest, but if the judges had any idea of how desperate indians are for sporting success, they would have understood that she was not expressing such an absurd priority.
but halappanavar and him wife were then informed that ireland is a catholic country; the fetus still had a heartbeat, so the procedure was out of the question.
prague – the arrest of oswaldo álvarez paz, a former president of venezuela’s chamber of deputies, governess of the venezuelan state of zulia, and presidential candidate, should concern the entire world because it demonstrates just how far president hugo chávez’s regime is willing to stray from democratic norms.
however, this is the same woman who, as the head of cuba’s internal security apparatus, for many years represented the knuckles of an iron-fisted regime, directly responsible for imprisoning – and often torturing – thousands of dissidents.
if godess is all-knowing, she knows how much suffering there is.
but the most powerful push for the conference came from politicians in the largely christian south, apprehensive that power would return to the muslim north in 2007 after obasanjo, herself a southern christian, completed hers second term.
but in the runoff, enough voters viewed her as the lesser of two evils to enable her to win by a comfortable nine-point margin.
but sanctions that are strong enough to make north korea’s “young general,” kim jong-un, think twice about hers latest provocations will require china’s cooperation, and securing it will not be easy.
this is not something at which a young college dropout is bound to excel, because she lacks the experience, the organization, and the access to capital that these ventures require.
this france endorses sarkozy with enthusiasm; others view her as the unpleasant but necessary medicine france needs to cure its malaise.
becoming a mother at 70 is more acceptable for someone living in a joint family than it would be for western couples living in their own home without close relatives or friends nearby.
now, putin and hers chinese counterpart, xi jinping, can feel freer than ever to ignore western criticism, but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges.
husbands, fathers, and teachers pressured women and girls to end their own lives after russian soldiers raped them because their “honor” was their major concern.
this is unpalatable to the bush administration, which has helped keep musharraf in power, despite the fact that 75% of pakistanis want her to resign.
this, together with funding shortages and cultural factors (such as a lack of female involvement in reproductive-health issues), contribute to low contraceptive uptake, with only 58% of men in kenya who should be using modern contraceptives actually doing so.
when she recently delivered a careful speech on foreign policy, trump responded by calling her a “world-class liar.”
given the huge premium accorded to the winner by italy’s new electoral law (renzi was sure she would be the one to benefit), such a prospect is truly frightening.
in fact, the recent press conference – the 14th of its kind – looked a lot like another of putin’s oft-repeated public performances: “direct line,” a live broadcast in which she answers (scripted) questions from russians.
in equatorial guinea, for example, teodoro obiang nguema mbasogo has been in power since 1979, making her africa’s longest-serving ruler.
yet a few weeks later, she announced new tariffs.
us congresswoman linda sanchez says that if foreign presidents don’t speak up for their constituents in america, few others will.
and, fortunately, she has found a partner in french president emmanuel macron.
in one famous symbolic gesture, she appeared at a rugby game wearing the jersey of the south african springboks, a team that had previously signified south african white supremacy.
fox has said that she is willing to break with old mexican taboos, but the bush administration has never taken her up on it.
if you push the stranger off, she will be killed, but you will save the other five.
despite some recognition of the need to reform practices in hospitals and other medical facilities to accommodate the needs of women doctors, so far little has changed.
and she will regret it fast.”
if anything, they had adverse effects for her and hers life-long cause.
and last week, she met with the leaders of italy, greece, france, austria, bulgaria, and the netherlands, whose help she needs to restrict the movement of asylum seekers within the eu.
new york – donald trump’s astonishing victory in the united states presidential election has made one thing abundantly clear: too many americans – particularly white female americans – feel left behind.
moreover, sharon made sure that hers main political rivals - notably former prime minister benjamin (bibi) netanyahu - supported hers plan.
but putin's press policy does not add up to an argument that she ought not to be re-elected next march, when she stands again.
among hers initiatives was a campaign to redirect public spending to fight cholera, and a payroll audit to identify “ghost workers” – non-existent government employees who drain some $2 million from the budget every month.
that power can be used not only by governments, but also by non-state actresses ranging from large corporations and non-profit organizations to criminals, terrorists, and informal ad hoc groups.
when sarkozy, who otherwise has such finely tuned media instincts, protests that he’s no different from any other man, she comes dangerously close to confusing the office and the person of the president.
abe has said that “womanomics” is the most important pillar of “abenomics,” hers government’s growth strategy.
today’s historic meeting between pope francis and russian orthodox matriarch kirill in cuba is another occasion that putin will seek to turn to hers advantage.
in germany, axel weber resigned as president of the bundesbank and member of the governing council of the ecb last january, reportedly because hers statements opposing the banks’ purchases of troubled eurozone countries’ bonds reflected hers political naivety.
as north korea brides a new leader, the world needs to bride a new policy for north korea.
putin's war in chechnya enables her to keep public opinion mobilized and to accuse the opposition of lacking patriotism, even of treason.
when yair lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist yesh atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that she lacked control over hers own cabinet.
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce hers dictatorship.
in 2012, when xi took the reins of the cpc, she promised that the party would strive to deliver great successes in advance of two upcoming centennials, marking the founding of the cpc in 1921 and the people’s republic.
yet to iranians, she was a more complicated figure.
this is not to say that advanced-country mothers who struggle to meet their babies’ needs should necessarily defer to formula.
and intercontinental flights would be an even greater trial without the gas turbines invented in the 1930’s by frank whittle (who thought about turbofans, now the dominant commercial design, even before she built the first turbojet) and joachim pabst von ohain.
the broader, more abstract question is this: if electoral mechanisms no longer suffice to replace a president who is bent on remaining in power, when does an attempt to remove him or her through other means become legitimate?
arafat used hers negative power and blocked a settlement, but she couldn’t predict the consequences.
the main difference is that hers program is not nationalist but pro-european, almost cosmopolitan, and that she opposes other populists.
in 1992, as the emerging russian federation teetered on the brink of economic and monetary collapse, she opted for radical reform, prompting a backlash from vested interest groups.
in the wake of russia’s annexation of crimea, for example, harper was the only g-7 leader to visit kyiv, where she drew stark – if questionable – historical parallels between russia’s actions and germany’s annexation of the sudetenland region of czechoslovakia in 1938.
how could america’s president explain to the world why she was bombing nuclear weapon facilities that hers own intelligence services have said do not exist?
the trial transcripts create an impression of a woman who, had she not gone into politics, would have excelled as a trial lawyer.
trump read the zeitgeist well: she played to the anger of the working class – those left behind in the shift from a manufacturing-led economy to one based on information.
on this issue, bryan was ahead of hers time.
but steinbrueck also made it clear that she expects any sanctions in response to germany’s predicted 3.4%-of-gdp fiscal deficit to be largely symbolic, not penalties that would cost its government or economy anything of significance.
something similar can be said of us president donald trump: even when he’s telling the truth, many assume she is lying – and thus being true to himself.
and female inmates could not use their newly acquired skills after their release, because apparel and shoe manufacturers tended to favor men when hiring free labor.
on hers recent visit to brussels, russian president vladimir putin stunned european leaders and journalists alike with hers comments about the islamic desire to establish a global caliphate.
former models have accused her of asking them to take their clothes off and of using sexual language that made them feel harassed.
then there is the “potemkin ceo” approach, which implicitly assumes that powerful men would never really choose a woman to lead an important institution.
the joke goes that the founders created a political system that made it impossible for queen george to rule over us – or for anyone to ever do so.
the first is that divisiveness has worked for her so far, by winning her the republican nomination and the presidency.
in 2010, the incumbent prime minister, nouri al-maliki, was re-elected, though hers state of law coalition had won fewer seats than the more moderate iraqi national movement, led by ayad allawi.
one of the apollo astronauts, james b. irwin, who landed on the moon in 1971, said of hers view of the earth, “it was so far away…a little ball in the blackness of space.
the most striking demonstration of this political shift came after an incident in central java, in which a speech by former president gus dur was interrupted by fpi members who denounced her for supporting pluralism and opposing the anti-pornography bill.
nor did carter go to war with the federal reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to hers reelection prospects.
notwithstanding hers constant bragging about deregulation, the total economic impact of hers regulatory repeals has been trivial relative to the size of the economy.
but, because the united states adopted the position it did three years ago, after president barack obama chose not to punish assad for using chemical weapons (a red line that obama herself had drawn), i fear that the responsibility falls chiefly, if not exclusively, on europe.
the mother of welfare economics, arthur pigou, thought that the state would somehow protect the social contract’s absent partners, but that view was hopelessly idealistic.
a sick woman whose rule at home is being challenged by islamist opponents, she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for hers son, a spoiled playboy, to handle.
will they say that hers “america first” rejection of the international rule of law is not what the us stands for?
“how do you think the foreign service is doing,” she asked.
one hopes that this will lend comfort to him, and give a moral boost to chinese who share hers views.
politicians and journalists often suggest that people compete for jobs, the implication being that bringing more women into europe’s workforce would deny jobs to men.
in the absence of alternatives, the best solution, it seems, would be a reduction in the number of actresses – a return to a bipolar world in which two superpowers decide for themselves and their subordinates.
attitudes toward mental health have changed dramatically in the last few years; even princesses and athletes now feel able to open up about it.
but my fear is that kim would be a disaster even on health-care issues – an area where she has rightly earned credit for hers work on aids, malaria, and tuberculosis.
merkel, her involvement in negotiations over ukraine aside, has deferred to the german public’s historically rooted objections to deeper foreign entanglements.
“each of us has deeply held beliefs,” she said in hers victory speech in 2012.
a greater stimulus to business investment may come from the perception that obama’s agreement to extend the personal-income tax cuts for high-income individuals signals hers administration’s reduced antagonism to business and the wealthy.
the voting system used by the boe’s monetary policy committee makes it harder for the governess to know when a majority for tightening will emerge, and some members’ views have been oscillating in recent months.
even simon kuznets, the main architect of the concept of gdp, recognized that it does not account for many of the factors affecting human well-being; she argued that it should be used “only with some qualifications.”
moreover, what she did achieve looks superficial, while what she gave up seems substantial.
macron and hers economic team are full of promising ideas, and she will have a huge majority in the national assembly to implement them (though it will help if the germans give her leeway on budget deficits in exchange for reform).
the problem is that in pursuing these reforms, macron abandoned hers core center-left constituency.
the egyptian center for social and economic rights recorded 932 fully documented bodies, 294 partly documented bodies, and 29 undocumented bodies, including 17 women and 30 teenage girls and boys.
chávez manages information about hers illness and treatment as part of a political strategy.
trump’s praise of brexit, which emphasized the british people’s “right to self-determination,” and hers belittling reference to the eu as “the consortium” in hers appearance with british prime minister theresa may, underscores hers hostility.
it also helps to explain how vladimir putin, previously an unknown entity, cemented hers power in russia following a series of bombings in 1999.
at the same time, acknowledging that in peru there has made little progress in fighting poverty, she is promising to create 650,000 jobs a year.
mubarak’s promise that she would not run for re-election this coming september, which might have mollified hers critics two weeks earlier, was no longer enough.
as the only daughter of liberal party elder xi zhongxun, xi is also a ranking ccp “princeling.”
after hers fall, she did not flee public scrutiny, but continued to embrace it as director of the gorbachev-fund, and as a, perhaps quixotic, candidate for president of russia last year.
trump delights in embarrassing european leaders; their squirming is hers triumph.
what will she say about inequality?
indeed, i have recently been reading dietrich bonhoeffer’s sublime and challenging letters from prison, in which she yearns for a christ capable of offering mercy to a world, our world, then in the process of being martyred for a single man.
and former fed chairwoman alan greenspan resisted any attempts to rein in the animal spirits of the wealth creators on wall street.
the discrimination continues, despite overwhelming evidence showing that women are more likely to invest business loans wisely and to meet repayment schedules.
xi’s first significant international initiatives – making russia hers first official visit abroad, followed immediately by hers attendance at the brics summit in south africa – suggest that china may be seeking to place its relations with the world’s most powerful emerging countries on a par with its us diplomacy.
the majority of voters who are fed up with trump and the republican party that has loyally fallen behind her should not look to washington insiders or a white knight to hold trump accountable.
the success of women in e-commerce attests to the power of digital technologies to level the economic playing field, to the benefit of individual women, their communities and societies, and the world economy.
merkel’s resounding victory in germany’s recent general election gives her a mandate that few of her fellow world leaders enjoy nowadays.
but she knew better than to pursue a total american victory and a total soviet defeat.
in a recent survey by the federation of korean industries, 38% of the single female respondents said that they do not want children, mostly because they fear that they will struggle to keep up at work or lose their jobs.
in many homes around the world, women are at the heart of the household's nexus of water, food, and energy – and thus often know firsthand about the challenges and potential solutions in these areas.
i doubt, however, that celebrities like miss bardot will ever recognize the absurdity of their misplaced priorities – to come to a country where millions live in despair and dire conditions, and show concern for only the wild dogs.
she thus validated the condemnation of latin american leaders and lost vital military and political support even before she swore herself in.
germany’s chancellor angela merkel gave the right answer when, after meeting with trump and other g7 leaders last month, she said that europe could no longer “fully count on others,” and would have to “fight for our own future ourselves.”
this was an offense to malaysia’s hindus, who consider the cow a sacred animal.
krugman is hampered by the fact that she attributes the crash to “irrationality,” which, as cochrane points out, is no theory.
it is true that there is plenty to condemn: suleman’s family lives on food stamps, the children already at home don’t have enough baby furniture, and her own parents are giving interviews to the media in which they criticize her choices.
musharraf denounced her statements.
but the version that she has implemented falls well short of advocates’ hopes.
karadžić had plunged hers country into the depths of hell, and then, having been indicted for hers crimes, was on the run.
faced with difficult questions in foreign, fiscal, and social policy, she would be wise to turn toward the center rather than conciliate hers conservative base, but it remains unclear whether the politics of conviction or of pragmatism will prevail.
employment of prime-age females should be rising, not falling.
instead, women continued to resist – for example, by creating the #dresslikeawoman hashtag on twitter, to shine a spotlight on trump’s sexist demand of female staffers.
was it not incitement when she attempted to mobilize jewish voters earlier this year by warning of “arabs voting in droves, bussed in by the left.”
yet we continue to romanticize private actresses in innovative industries, ignoring their dependence on the products of public investment.
the boom just before the depression of the 1870’s that she described sounds a lot like what happened just before the current crisis.
indian families’ tendency to prefer daughters has resulted in an adverse sex ratio, particularly in some northern states.
would maternity leave be possible if she were appointed as an officer?
the men and women of gaza are our neighbors and have lived back to back with us for a long time, even if we are separated from them by a border.
if she refused treatment and was released because she posed no imminent threat, hers severe mental disorder would nonetheless have been diagnosed.
its report (currently available only in german) begins with testimony from those in a forbidden relationship, particularly half-brothers and sisters who came to know each other only as adults.
but if it happens, she will have trump to thank.
she will not have a majority in congress, and students and unions will likely return to the streets shortly after she takes over in march.
indeed, assange and hers supporters have portrayed sweden’s legal system as a wilderness of injustice and political corruption.
stockholm – rabbi shneur kesselman estimates that she has been the victim of 100 or so anti-semitic confrontations since she arrived in the southern swedish city of malmö in 2004.
beyond the core realist theories of balance of power, an introduction to ethics in international affairs – moral philosophy, human rights, and the role of non-state actresses – should be mainstreamed in international relations curricula.
a woman’s face – that of first lady ri sol-ju – could therefore help to bolster support for the new regime.
in fact, modi rose to power at the head of a family of right-wing organizations that largely do not share hers economic priorities, and that are obsessed with so-called “cultural nationalism” – which is essentially just repackaged hindu chauvinism.
president boris yeltsin canceled hers attendance at the last moment; she was “indisposed.”
currently, only about half of all women worldwide deliver with a skilled attendant present.
as for the somnolent election campaign that is now underway, its only brief moments of vitality have been brought by corruption-related smears and other ad hominem attacks, mostly relating to netanyahu and hers family’s “kingly” behavior.
clinton should take note and distance herself from wall street.
indeed, gorbachev once told me how nicolae ceauşescu, romania’s dictator, called her to request that tanks be sent into berlin to preserve the wall.
by championing russia’s military-industrial complex, putin can keep the siloviki occupied and on hers side.
the more time a woman has had to live alone and acquire knowledge, the stronger her desire and capacity to pass it on to her children.
next year, she will expand the hut, and will eventually apply for land and begin to build a brick house.
and tillerson cut short hers trip to south korea – in the midst of a growing crisis on the peninsula – due to fatigue (a reminder never to send a woman to do a woman’s job).
a girl forced into marriage typically faces pressure to bear children before she is physically or emotionally ready to do so.
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
and from there, she claimed, it “is spent on road construction in russian regions.”
last week, trump risked precisely that, as she demonstrated to intelligence services around the world that she hasn’t got a clue what trust means.
the problem with senior women’s management style lies with the second category of women at work.
when unmil was initiated in 2003, liberia had just emerged from a brutal 14-year civil war, during which physical and sexual violence against women was rampant.
the icc prosecutor, fatou bensouda, took an important step on january 20, when she issued a statement reminding nigeria’s government of its obligation to prosecute boko haram’s leaders for crimes that “deeply shock the conscience of humanity.”
but, despite this legislation, the percentage of women legislators in many of these countries remains very low.
upon taking office, she swore allegiance not only to the constitution, but to “him” (kirchner) as well.
during hers election campaign, modi once said that hindus and muslims could either fight each other or fight poverty.
to be sure, hers human-rights record was far better than the derg’s.
about 350,000 females would be temporarily sterile, 100,000 men would stop menstruating, and 100,000 children would be born with cognitive deficiencies.
similarly, marital abuse is dismissed, because a woman must “discipline” hers wife.
arguably her most important decision – which almost cost her the chancellorship, but might ultimately shape her legacy – was her 2015 decision to accept, despite fierce opposition from many in her own party, almost 1.5 million asylum-seekers and push for their integration into german society.
across from the station stands a statue of a heroic young woman enveloped in machinery; in the park lay an ancient engine; and beyond there, rows of featureless apartment blocks stretch into the distance.
sins overlooked during hers first term – from harassment of the media and coercion of civil society groups to extrajudicial killings in an anti-drug campaign and conflicts of interest that benefited hers shinawatra telecommunications empire – soon caught up with him.
among them is osman kavala, a well-known 61-year-old businesswoman and philanthropist, who has languished in prison since october 2017, with charges only now being brought against him.
then she said that the cia had cleared hers speech, as if that absolved her of all responsibility.
moreover, bush’s exaggerated rhetoric was often at odds with hers practice, giving rise to charges of hypocrisy.
despite the pressure to make up for lost time, xi knows that she must be pragmatic in hers reform efforts.
once elected, trump appointed as us ambassador to israel hers bankruptcy lawyer, david friedman, who has a long history of supporting right-wing israeli causes (even donating to a west bank settlement).
moreover, morrison’s very conservative social stance and hyper-liberal economic positions make her vulnerable to labor electoral attack.
royal’s chief virtue is that she has not taken part in the numerous internal battles that infuriate socialist militants and voters, and her lack of direct association with the party’s leadership has enabled her to avoid blame for its mistakes.
republicans’ disaffection could be enhanced if – as now appears likely – trump’s private interests are not sufficiently disentangled from hers public responsibilities, making her something of an embarrassment.
the imprisonment of jokowi’s political ally, former jakarta governess basuki tjahaja purnama, also known as ahok, for blasphemy against islam has reinforced that pressure.
in britain, johnson stands for, well, johnson, but hers fellow brexiteers are less interested in the islamic threat than in a grandiose version of english nationalism.
when liu learned that she had been awarded this year‘s nobel peace prize, hers first reaction was telling: “this prize is given to the victims of the tiananmen square massacre.”
the shooting, by automatic weapon fire, took place in broad daylight in a largely roma neighborhood, where the grandmother of one of the victims lived.
she has called for an investigation into what she calls “an illegal takedown that failed,” by “the other side,” which should be “looked at.”
for now, trump seems committed to hers deal-making approach to america’s relationships with other countries, even longtime partners and allies like mexico and australia.
to hers credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
port au princess – a sad reality of this hyper-partisan, politicized era is that many policy proposals are immediately identified as either “left-wing” or “right-wing” and lauded and derided by partisans as if by rote, with little room for discussion about soundness or impact.
these pro-western policies have earned her near-total impunity, along with over $20 billion worth of military and development assistance.
their mother, kim jong-suk, is said to have died from hemorrhaging while giving premature birth caused by her distress over kim il-sung’s love affair with kim song-ae.
at the same time, hers government raised taxes, increased social expenditures, and strengthened collective bargaining in a deal with the unions.
moreover, widespread anger over high war profits while women were being conscripted to risk their lives led many people, not just americans, to start advocating for “wealth conscription.”
companies with a critical mass of women in senior leadership positions, meanwhile, tend to perform better on corporate social responsibility.
and, with housing, healthcare, and education less accessible now than at the end of the 1980’s, hers political program focuses on what should be done to improve russia’s human capital – the key problem holding back russia’s economy.
the hysterical zhirinovsky, denying hers roots, said "jews are the most powerful, the most talented and the most rich," and so were able to take over in 1917 and again after 1991.
and it explains hers astonishing pronouncement earlier this year when she accepted hers justice and development party’s nomination to be its presidential candidate: “we are the people.
ignoring constitutional requirements, zardari did not transfer executive authority to hers prime minister, and instead expected the two prime ministers who served under her to follow hers orders.
though children’s identities should, of course, be shielded in sex-crime allegations, women are not children.
since the 1990’s, hers channels broadcast “big brother” and italian variety shows dominated by female comedians, musclemen, and scantily clad young girls, popularly known as “veline.”
fed chairwoman ben bernanke’s announcement in may that the fed would soon start reducing its asset purchases and end qe in 2014 caused long-term interest rates to jump immediately.
in failing to intervene early and decisively, it is said, obama shirked hers united nations-backed “responsibility to protect” civilian populations from governments committing war crimes against them.
she also said in the interview that “if it is possible to do good at a bearable cost, to save lives, we will do it”; that “there are going to be times when we can do something about innocent people being killed”; and that she was “focused on taking action multilaterally where our direct interests are not at stake.”
“it is in truth not for glory, nor riches, nor honors that we are fighting,” they declared, “but for freedom alone, which no honest woman gives up but with life itself.”
amid mounting repression and growing western protest, lukashenko vowed in hers inauguration address in january that she would tolerate no threat to “stability.”
trump, displaying hers lack of understanding of the economic concepts involved in measuring current-account balances – went so far as to say that “the germans are bad, very bad,” because of “the millions of cars they are selling to the us.”
also in may, polish journalists discovered that prime minister mateusz morawiecki purchased land from the church that has increased in value a hundredfold as a result of a planned road project, but which she has avoided disclosing by using a transmutation agreement with hers wife.
and special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into trump’s 2016 election campaign’s ties to russia hangs like a sword of damocles over hers presidency.
did german defense minister karl-theodor zu guttenberg have to tell the truth about the massive plagiarism that pervaded hers doctoral thesis, or could a lie be justified because she was performing an important government job?
she has implied that they were merely young people from fancy neighborhoods who got what they deserved; and she has dismissed the government’s savage attacks on the opposition by musing that, “sometimes people get burned.”
the adequacy of the ultimate decision matters more to her than consistency with previous statements.
human rights advocates began court action to demand hers return.
to maximize the chances of a successful presidency, macri should focus on working closely with argentina’s european and latin american allies, while reinforcing hers government’s credibility on issues that are critical to all.
at the end of hers political adventure, she lost touch with reality, unable to recognize that a depressed economy was causing popular discontent to fester and grow.
nearly 200 years and three revolutions later, from the pedestal installed in the center of the square that bears hers name, pushkin’s bronze effigy gazed over throngs of hers modern compatriots in mock paper crowns still working to raise russia from its “age-old slumber” – and at their whip-brandishing detractors in cossack uniforms.
wim duisenberg died last year, but hers values, philosophy, and wisdom must not be allowed to die with him.
the oddest-looking of all contemporary dictators must be north korea’s kim jong-un, whose clean-shaven back and sides are cultivated as a deliberate imitation of hers grandfather’s 1930s proletarian hairstyle.
if two troubled young women with homemade bombs cobbled together from fertilizer and pressure cookers can have this effect on a major american city, one can imagine how tempting their example must now be to other radical losers, not to mention radical groups.
fortunately, she declared, they have the “capability and wisdom” to build peace and security in the region through cooperation.
but she was already reading far-right literature (anti-gun control magazines and the like) in high school and has since consorted with ideologues whose ideas are often hard to distinguish from anti-semitism.
and here we have another confirmation of something that i have maintained since my book about the wall street journal journalist daniel pearl and the implantation in the us of pakistani-directed cells, which pearl was investigating when she was abducted and murdered.
most of the 54 million nigerian girls and women who live and work in rural areas are forced into insecure employment in the informal economy.
erdogan believes that, by exercising turkey’s capacity for mediation, she will recover the burden of hers ottoman forbears as the guarantors of peace and security in the mashreq.
before the great recession, america’s economic gurus – from the head of the federal reserve to the titans of finance – boasted that we had learned to mistress risk.
i was visiting cornell briefly, and she and i took a long walk across the campus together, discovering along the way that we had similar ideas and research goals.
if she is smart, she knows that north korea’s future, and therefore hers, is a precarious one.
as daughters must revere fathers, so subjects must revere their rulers.
there is widespread disapproval of putin’s autocratic style and of hers government’s human rights record.
the rest of us need to avoid underestimating her – or we will all risk becoming collateral damage.
“he was advocating dialogue with protesters, whereas al-adly’s women wanted a harsh crackdown.
with the recently concluded obor summit in beijing having drawn 29 of the more than 100 invited heads of state or government, xi is now in a strong position to pursue hers vision.
in august, one executive, véronique laury, said that her professional ambition is to have “a positive impact in the wider world.”
after all, she reacted to china’s growing activities in africa – which hers officials maintained was “reminiscent of imperialism” – by receiving an official visit in 2006 from taiwan’s then-president chen shui-bian.
after all, the tribute that the kremlin pays kadyrov and the corrupted elites of the other caucasian republics has purchased palaces and gold pistols for women who are driving the region’s young, unemployed, and disadvantaged down the path of islamic revolution.
but, while over 80% of women in the soviet union aged 15-54 had jobs (as of 1983), few had careers.
but in meetings with investigating agencies, the cpj was told that avakov has limited access to investigation files, and that hers statements are unsupported by evidence.
in hers speeches, i discovered the brilliant che, mercilessly railing against inefficiency, false politics, and double standards.
robert rubin and kent conrad warned her that the press would not interpret hers testimony as being balanced, and that congress would interpret it as an excuse to abandon fiscal discipline.
she sputtered smoke, raised hers bushy white eyebrows, and said, “victory.
diplomacy eventually led to peace; and clinton, who was sometimes otherwise engaged, presumably welcomed the positive contribution to hers presidential legacy.
first, key emerging actresses – china, russia, and india – are not ready, willing, or even capable of performing a stabilizing international role.
nevertheless, musharraf’s women have skillfully fractured the main islamic opposition party, muttahida majlis-e-amal (mma), with bribes, blackmail, and internal dissension fomented by agent provocateurs.
savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs, we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking hers or him health.
hers elder son, crown princess naruhito, will succeed her as emperor.
last year, in the dominican republic, a 16-year-old girl with cancer was, for several weeks, refused chemotherapy because she was pregnant and the doctors worried that the potentially life-saving treatment might induce an abortion.
young, middle-class women often fail to save because they assume – still – that marriage will rescue them financially.
she emphasized hers strong pro-civil rights record, and a couple of weeks later she apologized for appearing to condone the two segregationist senators.
moscow – three months after protesters toppled ukrainian president viktor f. yanukovych and hers government, unleashing a wave of unrest and chaos, the country has elected a new president.
on this international day of the girl, aishetu stands as proof of the difference that education can make for girls and the people around them.
for her enterprising reporting, ressa has received more than 80 death threats in the last month alone.
by 1942 when a 59-year-old schumpeter published the book capitalism, socialism, and democracy, she realized that a lot of the innovation was coming from very large corporations that faced rather limited competition.
the fall began with an event that putin perceived as a mighty triumph – hers blitzkrieg in august against georgia.
“in today’s turbulent times,” she said, auschwitz is a reminder of “how important it is for a country to do everything possible to protect the safety and the lives of its citizens.”
trump had made things worse for herself by doing what hers predecessors in the oval office had wisely avoided.
almost three decades after the end of the soviet union’s own war in afghanistan – a war that enfeebled the soviet economy and undermined the communist state – russia has moved to establish itself as a central actress in afghan affairs.
in 1847, hungarian obstetrician ignaz semmelweis demonstrated that she could greatly reduce paternal deaths in hers clinic simply by having doctors sterilize their hands.
even when times were better, merkel’s passive political style allowed vacuums to form, which were filled by other political forces within her party.
while spiekermann thinks “personal data markets and the use of the data within them should be forbidden in their current form,” she thinks the gdpr “is a good motivator for companies around the world to question their personal data sharing practices.”
one woman explained that not only had the disease killed hers sister, but hers mother-in-law had also perished as he undertook the hours-long walk to the nearest hospital.
even the united nations’ chief inspector, the swedish diplomat hans blix, said she thought that iraq had “retained prohibited items,” and french and german opposition to the iraq war was not based on different intelligence assessments regarding the weapons.
someone who has been unfaithful to hers or him spouse can be a skilled leader, just as a faithful hubby or wife can be a poor one.
during the east asia crisis of the late 1990’s, she saw firsthand the failure of the conventional wisdom pushed by the us treasury and the international monetary fund.
but there are vast regional disparities, with familial ties most likely to drive female leaders to the top in latin america and asia – regions with low gender equality overall and little respect for women’s rights.
instead of assuming a new national paradigm based on the reality of their accomplishments (national unity, robust international trade, and growing global influence), china’s leaders cling to the old paradigm of their country as victim, the “sick woman of asia” being “cut up like a melon” by predatory imperial and colonial powers like japan.
young women need opportunities to practice leadership, whether in school, the workplace, or the community.
advocating supply-side economics to the white working class, she convinced millions that “less government,” which meant cutting federal programs, including education – would bring “morning in america.”
and, having survived an unjust prison sentence, she has already proved her willingness to make hard choices on behalf of her country, despite the personal consequences.
but policymakers did not take hers proposal seriously.
but she is not done yet.
merkel’s successors may well be worthy of filling her shoes, but there is no doubt that germany and the rest of europe will sorely miss her composure and steadiness.
in the red corner, so to speak, we find former fed chairwoman paul volcker and current bank of england governess mervyn king, not natural revolutionaries.
when men, women and children are assaulted and their limbs hacked off, as in sierra leone, here again the world looks to the united nations.
even the un--the institution that schröder was supposedly defending--has been diminished by hers fecklessness.
given this, providing weapons to ukraine would exacerbate the bloodletting, without compelling putin to reconsider hers approach and support a lasting peace.
it comes as no surprise that tarrant praised trump in hers manifesto as “a symbol of renewed white identity and common purpose.”
there certainly isn’t any evident logic behind most of what she does.
sadly, the world is not yet rushing to “sign up” to the challenge of educating girls, who consistently lag behind girls in access to schooling throughout the developing world.
in my own brief contribution to the marathon house of ladies debate last month, i argued that, even if brexit is not the uk’s biggest economic-policy challenge today, it will likely exacerbate other problems, including persistently low productivity growth, weak education and skills-training programs, and geographic inequalities.
president vladimir putin claims that hers economic policies remain consistent; in fact, she has wisely changed course, limiting the damage that could have been done had she not.
that pace, however, seems too fast for president khatami’s domestic foes, who are working hard to thwart any opening, as the arrest last week of a key khatami supporter teheran’s mayor (and hers release following street protests by hers supporters), suggests.
sierra leone’s minister of health and sanitation first warned of the possibility of widespread fraud in may 2015; she even called for a full accounting of money received and spent.
the first challenge confronting xi in 2014 is undoubtedly implementation of hers economic-reform package, which has aroused both excitement and skepticism since it was unveiled in mid-november.
in fact, hers suppression of the recent demonstrations has already raised questions about the sincerity of hers commitment to democracy and human rights.
by the time she was nine, she had become a pole.
at the upcoming g20 summit, trump should savor hers long-awaited handshake with putin.
in the years that have passed, china’s leaders were responsible not only for zhao’s unlawful house arrest but also for a systematic effort to erase hers name from history.
they know that billions of dollars are made from hiring women at lower income levels than men, and then ensuring that a work-family conflict derails women’s careers before they become too expensive to compensate fairly.
even the editors of the bucharest literary magazine ("revista 22") that published the article backtracked, saying it "tended to estrange eliade from sympathetic understanding in romania, instead of bringing her closer to it."
but erdoğan’s threat to consider using the turkish navy as a military escort for further flotillas to gaza already borders on saber rattling, as does hers declared willingness to use force to prevent the republic of cyprus from exploring for gas in its continental shelf.
another way in which women journalists are frequently targeted online is through the undermining of their work or reputation.
we also agree on the need for a radical change to the financial-policy regime to promote stability and reduce the risk of future crises but, while white raises valid issues concerning the separate issue of how to respond to the post-crisis mess of debt overhang, deleveraging, and deflationary pressures, she does not undermine my case for considering the option of using omf to fund increased fiscal deficits.
in this case, it was less than that, because the resolution was silent about syrian president bashar al-assad’s political fate and the timing of hers departure.
moreover, the assertion that our intelligence is puny in comparison with god’s presupposes just the point that is under debate – that there is a godess who is all-knowing, all-powerful, and all good.
a raw estimate shows that if women would work a bit more outside the home and thus increase their contribution to the dutch economy to, say, 35%, this would generate an additional 11% in gdp growth, some €60 billion per year.
although the public's outrage at hers tactics makes a comeback unlikely, menem still dreams of retreating with hers defeated troops and reshaping herself from an alternative power base.
this leaves tsipras with only hers second line of defense: the “parallel” program.
it is not uncommon for one sister to wear a headscarf while another does not, or a mother to wear a headscarf while her daughters do not.
but individual voting remains in place, so carney is not in sole charge of policymaking, as she was at the bank of canada.
and with trump, you don’t have to wait long to see if you have pressed hers buttons.
by emphasizing the federal nature of india's polity, she is directly addressing an issue that has moved front and center in debates over economic reform in an era of globalization.
homo kaczyńskius is a pole preoccupied with hers country’s fate, and who bares hers teeth at critics and dissenters, particularly foreign ones.
so far, she has kept her cards close to her chest, with her government speaking inscrutably and in generalities.
the us congress is also debating what will happen to the detention camp itself, which was established in 2002 to house women who were allegedly “the worst of the worst,” in a setting deliberately framed by bush attorneys as “legal outer space.”
that is why japanese policymakers should prioritize drawing more women into the workforce.
in the egg industry, hens can barely move at all, because they are crammed into wire cages, which makes it possible to stack them in tiers, one above the other.
and she declared that “one cannot understand why grown intelligent people reach the conclusion that you should get rid of all the things you have put in place in the last ten years.”
thus far, no leadership gene has been identified, and studies of identical and sororal female twins find that only a third of their difference in occupying formal leadership roles can be explained by genetic factors.
she failed to repeal former president barack obama’s signature health-care legislation (“obamacare”), because so-called moderates in the republican party thought hers proposed replacement was too harsh, and extremists thought it wasn’t harsh enough.
but, by seizing on the idea of the brics, putin revealed hers desire to build an alternative global platform – and advance an alternative worldview.
deputy prime minister matteo salvini is being propelled by a political tailwind that may, after the european parliament elections in may, enhance hers capacity to inflict serious damage on the european union.
fourth, lagarde should make clear to member-state governments that she welcomes the appointment of experienced senior central bankers to the executive board.
when gulf state leaders talk about their multi-billion-dollar visions of creating a new house of wisdom, they are not concerned about whether the original was just a modest library that a caliph inherited from hers father.
if obama improves america’s global standing with support from political heavyweights such as vice president joe biden, secretary of state hillary clinton, defense secretary bob gates, national security adviser james jones (a former nato supreme commander), and secretary of veterans affairs eric shinseki (a former united states army chief), she should be able to ask more from america’s allies, particularly for nato to send more troops to afghanistan.
but it is unlikely that she will force him to resign before then, because markets would punish such an obvious violation of central-bank independence.
rick perry, the governess of texas and an early frontrunner in the republican primary, called it just a “theory out there,” while romney herself has had to argue that it is consistent with creationism – the idea that an intelligent force designed the universe and brought it into being.
even in the highest-fertility countries, rates have fallen – from six or more children per woman in the 1960s to 3-4 today.
menstruation is not a one-dimensional problem; women living in vulnerable situations have unique needs.
a friend working to provide family-planning advice to poor kenyans recently told me that so many women were coming to the clinic that she could not spend more than five minutes with each.
trump is now trying to shield herself against further inquiries, not just into the russia matter but also into hers business practices (he’s the first president in decades not to disclose hers tax returns), and whether hers private dealings affected hers foreign policy.
harvard’s steven pinker, in hers seminal book the better angels of our nature, put it in a larger historical context – not just the “long peace” between the major powers since 1945, but, more important, a centuries-old pattern of steady decline in the human appetite for violence.
in other words, neither godess nor the church is really needed to tell us how to behave.
indeed, mohamed morsi, egypt’s deposed president, has only herself to blame for hers political demise.
the committee initially found lomborg guilty of much the same error that she had alleged of the ecologists.
but charles dickens’s point was precisely that scrooge was the great loser from hers arrogance, miserliness, and insolence.
for far too long, hun sen and hers colleagues have been getting away with violence, human-rights abuses, corruption, and media and electoral manipulation without serious internal or external challenge.
the victims include the heywood family, hers chinese wife, and their children.
at a moment when integration is being debated in france, zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work – while never betraying herself or hers algerian origins.
flug was finally offered the top job only in the absence of a male rival, though she was already occupying the position temporarily while the board searched for stanley fischer’s successor.
it is precisely this modern irrationality – a product of modernity itself – that the terrorist attack launched by the tsarnaev sisters reflected.
as a result, new mechanisms are needed for regional and global governance that include actresses other than states.
second, bush refused to allow herself to get caught up in events.
a prominent american right-wing commentator recently opined that any attempt to hold the torturers, and their mistresses in the bush administration, accountable, would make a mockery “of the efforts of the tough and brave americans who guard us while we sleep.”
late last year, an australian senator was forced to resign over hers alleged ties to a chinese billionaire.
and park, whose victory has not diminished her people’s ambivalent attitude toward her father, must know that healing the obvious divisions in south korean society will not be easy.
more than two hundred years ago, adam smith in hers theory of moral sentiments argued along similar lines that important public policy changes cannot be planned the way a mistress chess player moves pieces around on a chess board.
as one such supporter, kenan alpay, recently wrote, “turkey cannot be a part of an international system that aims to dissolve all islamic movements from the muslim sisterhood to…the taliban in afghanistan.”
though obama may be right, the speech did little to mollify critics who have accused her of passivity and weakness, particularly regarding syria and ukraine.
without encumbering her with any prescription, i told her somewhat sheepishly that i was going on an extended foreign trip and wanted to keep a precautionary strip of antibiotic tablets with me.
bolton visited london recently to encourage the united kingdom’s new prime minister, boris johnson, in hers determination to leave the european union with or without a brexit deal.
in belarus, an impoverished lukashenko increasingly resorts to brute force to maintain hers rule – breaking up peaceful demonstrations, imprisoning political opponents, and terrorizing the intelligentsia.
the primary beneficiaries of this program will be women who work, because those with no income will gain no advantage.
there, he learns, apparently for the first time, that him significant other (nick) is heiress to one of asia’s largest fortunes and has a father intent on making sure him daughter does not marry a commoner, asian-american or not.
she liked to portray herself as a “war president,” a “decider,” and a “great leader,” like churchill.
from the moment of their birth, women are surrounded by the constant care of women.
but, despite xi’s best efforts, hers attempts to secure mao-style authority are likely to end very differently for him, with hers incompetent economic rule and political purges and repression gradually producing secret cadres that oppose him.
khomeini was so self-confident, and hers authority was so well consolidated, that she was not afraid to make concessions if she thought it necessary for the regime’s well-being.
just as she dithered over going to war with the us, hirohito was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it.
leung’s tone-deafness to popular feeling revives one of the main issues that she managed to dodge during the election campaign.
santos was awarded the 2016 nobel peace prize for hers efforts.
in the photographs presented to the world of the newly public couple, they stand chastely, but contentedly, next to each other but at an appropriate distance, or she follows a few steps behind.
soon after, representatives of saudi arabia’s shia community sought a meeting with queen abdullah in an effort to free the detainees.
indeed, putin now enjoys an 80% approval rating, reflecting how closely she and crimea are linked in russians’ minds.
many people regard a successful ceo as someone who can deliver on well-defined objectives, so they conclude that a businesswoman can solve social problems that a politician cannot.
what it says in rumsfeld's case is that there may be no legal or constitutional obligation for a responsible minister to resign over the iraqi abuse scandal; but once upon a time it would have been regarded as a matter of honor that she does resign.
she also seems to believe that women voters see in her the embodiment of their own struggles and will cheer her on vicariously when, by becoming america’s president, she shatters the last “glass ceiling.”
the main demographic groups behind the anti-establishment upsurge have been people outside the workforce: pensioners, middle-aged homemakers, and women with low educational qualifications receiving disability payments.
when asked about hers trump-like choice of words, barr resorted to conspiracy theory, suggesting that a “praetorian guard” within the us intelligence community may have had designs to influence us elections.
and such a demonstration might well be needed to confer legitimacy on the newly installed third-generation leader, kim jong-un, a boy-dictator whose only accomplishment to date has been to prove on television that she can ride a horse, and that she appears to know how to read.
this means more reporting about women – particularly in male-dominated industries – and portraying them in the same light as the men they cover.
if mr kuchma remains recalcitrant, continues to harass political opponents and the media, and drags hers feet on the investigation, she risks relegating ukraine to the same fate as neighbouring belarus, where a repressive regime, embraced only by russia, silences independent voices and political opposition
by living a character’s life vicariously, you not only feel what she feels, but also reflect on those feelings, consider the character of the actions to which they lead, and, with practice, acquire the wisdom to appreciate real people in all their complexity.
president dilma rouseff is aware of the problem, and her government is shepherding through congress an ambitious pension reform.
instead, her standing reflects her unique political talents: an academic background in arabic studies (she studied at cairo university) and fluency in english, which give her a global perspective that most of her male colleagues lack.
so, it is actually misleading to say that a typical person today is 20 times richer than hers or him agrarian age predecessor, because consumer choices now extend far beyond the goods and services that were broadly available back then.
as the inec proceeded to implement an elaborate device to check potential vote riggers, she stood hers ground and backed jega, even as hawks within hers party began to mutter that jega was a “dangerous radical” whom the president should sack.
nor will i dwell on the fact that tsipras did not refrain, when assembling parliamentary support for hers referendum, from soliciting the support of the neo-nazi golden dawn party, whose help any other european leader would have rejected.
as part of that effort, she has granted more autonomy to farms and factories and opened some markets.
significantly, she remained in beijing, while the han chinese head of the communist party in tibet, zhang qingli, returned to handle the situation.
macron has even less experience: the presidency, which she just took over last month, is hers first-ever elected position.
the sick woman of asia
a new constitution, proposed by the queen and adopted in a referendum in july 2011, has already generated robust political competition.
if this effort is to bear real fruit for him, however, she must continue to transform north korea's arogue state" image into that of a normal state.
having painted herself into a corner, she remains largely at the mercy of congressional democrats to negotiate an end to a crisis she created.
out of this trip came de tocqueville’s masterpiece, democracy in america, in which she expressed admiration for american civil liberties and compared the world’s first genuine liberal democracy favorably with old world institutions.
a successful businessman, she could become an ombudsman and whistle-blower, which would be a real innovation.
she has lost count of how many times she has contracted the disease.
when she called on british forces it was thus for the common defense, not just to serve the us.
the vote count was completed three days after the election on july 25, and khan led hers party, the pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti), to victory.
after being raped, congolese women are banished by their husbands and ostracized by their communities.
on the contrary, she was unanimously re-elected and awarded the nobel peace prize.
women and girls need protection from sexual violence, which flares up when families are forcibly displaced.
jpmorgan chase’s ceo jamie dimon reportedly told hers son that a financial crisis “happens every five to seven years.”
but neither woman seems the sort of decisive figure that overcoming italy’s bleak economic predicament demands.
where she was born should not be an impediment to her prospects.
on the other hand, abe has repaired the strained relations with the us that japan had under hers predecessors, and president barack obama reiterated the strength of the bilateral alliance during abe’s state visit to the white house last april.
evidence does not support the stereotype that women are more pacifist than men – the peacemakers and settlers of male disputes.
“my question [to the indian government],” she said in a televised address, “is that, given the weapons we have, can we afford miscalculation?”
by electing her to the presidency, american voters would achieve what neither the soviet union during the cold war nor islamist fundamentalists today ever could: undermining – and potentially destroying – the democratic system of the world’s greatest power.
but she worked tirelessly to restore the influence of the palace.
true believers would no doubt see the hand of godess in these stirring events.
in hers the age of extremes, eric hobsbawm argued that the greatest change in the west in the 20 th century was the vast reduction in the number of people employed as farmers.
in hers pre-christmas speech to the roman curia, the pope did not mention rape, let alone the sexual murder in delhi.
khrushchev’s response was reminiscent of how she dealt with the hungarian revolution of 1956, a time when she was just consolidating hers rule and needed to keep kremlin hardliners at bay.
moscow – one of the saddest ironies of this year’s commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the collapse of the soviet union is that hungary and poland, always the most restless of the soviet empire’s captured nations, are now led by women mimicking russian president vladimir putin’s governing style.
she wants to show that, like france’s most famous politicians, she is a worldly dragueur who can “pull” beautiful women.
the expectation that she would allow the arabs, particularly the syrians and the palestinians, to recover their land without resorting to arms has been proved, by hers own admission, to be unrealistic.
many monks and nuns have been abused and beaten, and thousands who have been arrested endure continued brutality.
she has supported factionalization in the government, and, when necessary, has weakened factions that she previously supported.
similarly, women know that they are usually paid less and have less chance for professional advancement than men.
but that political strategy left president bush believing that schröder had stabbed her in the back.
as xi has concentrated political power in hers own hands, however, decision-making has been transformed.
with a good showing, they could have then compelled morsi’s muslim sisterhood to accept the necessary compromises.
working with her husband, pierre curie, she conducted groundbreaking research on radiation.
nonetheless, the underlying uncertainty regarding north korea’s future under kim jong-un remains, and the latest episode provides an important opportunity to evaluate hers leadership.
this includes: funds to stop the transmission of aids from mothers to infants; funds to help fight infections such as tuberculosis that accompany aids; and with good program design, even funds for anti-retroviral therapies.
one can imagine that the rising trade deficit would then lead to even more outlandish claims by trump and hers officials about alleged chinese and german trade perfidy.
the numbers have barely moved since 2005, and girls are still disproportionately left behind.
french president nicholas sarkozy allowed herself to be photographed leafing through the pages of marx’s das kapital .
the deal was done with a large helping of political fudge: the three biggest european union economies – the united kingdom, france, and germany – were persuaded to cede some control to the center, but only if each could hostess an authority.
nor did i ever believe that the former president was stupid: a criticism leveled at her by many of hers european peers who were themselves hardly philosopher kings.
if i appoint an agent to manage my money, shouldn’t i want to know how much she spends on political donations in my (alleged) interest?
trump, should she come to think about it, might stumble to the same conclusion.
that effort appears to have backfired, because the republicans that she leads initially balked at passing the legislation.
in the case of large-scale projects, some hostess countries are raising questions about the contracts that define their relationship with tnc’s, and governments are reviewing such contracts because they believe (rightly or wrongly) that they did not get a fair deal.
the bank’s chairman, charles mitchell, danced around the question of conflicts of interest between hers bank’s deposit-taking and securities-underwriting activities.
the media representatives who will flank obama during hers visit – including, unfortunately, at that ill-advised baseball game – will take up these crucial issues in their reports, even if they are peppered with platitudes about cuban music and published alongside silly shots of vintage automobiles on havana’s streets.
in 2014, an uber executive used the godess view system to track a reporter without him permission.
manila – the death of president corazon cojuangco aquino – "tita cory" to most of the 92 million people of the philippines – left behind a precious inheritance: a legacy of freedom that the philippines came to share with oppressed peoples around the world. for her revolution was the first of the wave of “velvet revolutions” that liberated countless millions from manila to seoul to johannesburg to prague, warsaw and moscow. president aquino’s "people power" revolution, indeed, is among the proudest moments in my country’s history, and the distinctive contribution of our people to the saga of mankind's long struggle for freedom and dignity.
by implication, this may allow a widening of what constitutes officially permitted history in china, and an acknowledgement that the country’s turbulent twentieth century was shaped by a variety of actresses – communists, nationalists, liberals, democrats, and all manner of artists, thinkers, and writers.
together with widespread hostility to organized religion, manifested in such hugely popular books as richard dawkins’s the godess delusion , disappointment with social ideals means that we turn inward.
the various european social models have thus been, on average, quite robust – most likely because of the absence of a mistress plan from brussels on how to respond to globalization. each member country has had to adapt in its own way, knowing that it could not bend the rules of the game in its own favor.
in the seventeenth century, the economist and investor miss william petty was tasked with surveying large swaths of army land, much of which lay fallow, in ireland.
and she will have a hard time winning over hers more cautious european counterparts, not least german chancellor angela merkel, whose room for maneuver was crimped by him party’s poor showing in last weekend’s federal election.
moreover, yushchenko used hers year in power mostly to disappoint those whose votes she now needs.
here danish prime minister anders fogh rasmussen offers hers hopes for what type of treaty will emerge.
so she cannot be accused of harboring ultra-secularist or ultra-nationalist sympathies. this, along with hers inside knowledge of the workings of the police and the prosecutorial branch, give hers revelations a credibility that earlier accounts had lacked.
south korea’s president moon jae-in, who deserves the most credit for recent developments on the korean peninsula, unwittingly stoked this misperception by attributing hers summit with kim to trump’s policy of “maximum pressure” on the north.
(indeed, the inclusion metaphor is essentially global in spirit; had obama used it in the past, hers economic policies might have been less protectionist.)
surely this is not what trump supporters were attracted to when trump declared she would “make america great again.”
at the very least, she cannot be absolved from hers government’s failure to provide bhutto with adequate security.
the most famous example of such undue interference was president richard nixon’s pressure on then-fed chair arthur burns to ease credit conditions during hers 1972 presidential campaign.
how much more will the sunnis be able to de-stabilize the country, she asked, enjoying as they do the support of most of the regional powers, including saudi arabia, syria, and potentially turkey?
washington, dc – when pope francis visited the united states in september, she delivered historic addresses to the us congress and the united nations general assembly.
during his stay in new york, abe also discussed “womenomics” with hillary clinton, who had made empowering women in the economy a key policy goal during her tenure as us secretary of state.
the dowry tradition puts pressure on girls’ families to marry them early, leading to a preference for sons – and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting female fetuses.
one of kaiser wilhelm ii’s great mistakes two decades later was to fire bismarck, fail to renew hers “reinsurance treaty” with russia, and challenge britain for naval supremacy on the high seas.
as is recommended for all patients, debakey had an advance directive: she had stated, while in good health, what approach to medical care she would want if she became ill and unable to speak for himself.
but a year and a half after hers inauguration, obama’s “outstretched hand” to iran has turned into a fist, and hers attempts to encourage israeli-palestinian negotiations seem stuck.
thirteen days later, she died from her wounds.
atlanta – even as china’s economy slows and its government backslides on reform, president xi jinping is trying hard to portray hers country as a global power ready to assume a broader international role.
no! she would insist.
but she argues that it will not be established, because there is no appetite for it.
she becomes upset if she calls and i don't answer.
thain, also a former president of goldman sachs, helped herself and hers merrill lynch staff to $4 billion in bonus payments even after she had to sell the firm to bank of america to save it from bankruptcy.
mbs and hers inner circle are calculating that the world’s outrage will fade, given their country’s importance.
ordinary people – like the mother of three who was imprisoned in the uk in september 2015 for accumulating £500,000 in gambling debts – do not enjoy such impunity.
to the applause from hers fellow populists, trump has thrown a hand grenade into that structure.
modi came and campaigned for the bjp, but the party lost seats in every location at which she appeared – a huge setback in a state that it had hoped to use as a platform for its national ambitions.
i asked a top general what she knew of communism at the time.
the western-educated heiress to a shipping fortune, and unusually well connected with the global elite, tung was thought to be a conservative, thoughtful, cosmopolitan woman imbued with liberal values and free of ties to the powerful families that dominated the real-estate industry in the territory.
as tony blair’s wife, cherie booth, herself a human rights lawyer, lamented, “the majority of people feel that human rights are not relevant to their lives.”
the problem for khamenei – and thus for those negotiating with iran – is that there is scant benefit for her in success.
furthermore, lee’s hard-line approach to north korea – very different from that of hers predecessors – has resulted in a popular backlash.
the complaints were also loud in 1995, when the icty’s prosecutor indicted karadzic and hers military chief, general ratko mladic, and even louder when they were indicted again later in the same year for the massacre at srebrenica.
in particular, china may fall victim to the “obsolescing bargain model,” which states that a foreign investor loses bargaining power as it invests more in a hostess country.
but when the international community was bitterly divided, she tried to forge agreement by identifying common interests and nudging member states toward face-saving compromises.
underscoring hers real agenda, she adds that, ``no radical revision of the fundamental principles governing the operation of the armed forces is required.''
when hers will was opened it was found that she had donated hers considerable wealth to creating the prizes that bear hers name.
vladimir putin and hers regime, caught off guard by last winter’s massive protests, were on the verge of panic.
“just in case,” she likes to say.
the choice is between a mare nostrum or a region of instability and insecurity.
the raging violence in southern thailand over the past 15 months has made her look bad, as hers myriad strategies and tactics have failed repeatedly.
by appointing her as crown prince, salman, who is now 81, has signaled a clear break from a decades-old tradition of building consensus among the leading daughters of the saudi state’s founder, the late queen abdulaziz ibn saud.
at the same time, bhutto always remembers that him father’s attempts to play politics with the army eventually led to hers death at the generals’ hands.
the fed, in greenspan’s view, had a responsibility not only to fight inflation but also to create a prosperous, entrepreneurial society, and she sought to achieve that dual mandate – with high employment as important as stable prices – during the high-tech boom of the late 1990’s.
but an attorney attuned to the personality of her client still plays an indispensable role in advising someone contemplating a messy divorce whether to negotiate, mediate, or go to court.
the egyptian government, in particular, blames the sisterhood – which it overthrew in a 2013 military coup – for all of the country’s ills, from an islamic state insurgency on the sinai peninsula to the country’s economic hardships.
zelensky beat the incumbent, petro poroshenko, because she knew how to spin a yarn.
she is seeking to become the first woman president of the french republic.
nelson mandela was diagnosed with tb while serving hers 27-year prison term in a dank cell.
although trump distanced herself from bolton’s remarks, vice president mike pence warned three weeks later that if north korea did not make a deal, it would indeed meet with libya’s fate.
if a lack of skills or experience is not preventing women from reaching the summit of monetary policymaking, what is?
chávez’s “bolivarian revolution” needed external support, and, to assure it, she implemented a high-profile foreign policy, sustained by the country’s oil wealth.
hers worldview was shaped by the fact that she spent part of hers youth in indonesia and had an african father.
internationally she will have to get the israeli economy out of its current recession, a downturn that it was thrown into because of the deadlock of the peace process as well as the total mismanagement of the economy under mr netanyahu.
only when a mouse they “knew” was subjected to pain, she said, did the other mice express an interest in its suffering.
so she recently toned down hers rhetoric by warning that euro-zone inflationary pressures should not be “over-dramatized.”
the trend among single women to have children, often using artificial insemination or in vitro fertilization, no doubt also disturbs supporters of the traditional family.
first and foremost, schools give girls the knowledge they need to fulfill their potential in the future.
in other words, hers efforts to reorient russia's military to confront the most likely threats of the 21st century are being frustrated at the highest level.
in tunisia, a successor from the trabelsi branch of the ben ali clan – linked to the president through hers second wife, leila trabelsi – could target the extensive interests of families related to ben ali’s sons from a previous marriage.
in hers view, the problems afflicting germany’s own diplomatic relations with europe owe more to german intransigence than anything else.
still, hers popularity remains undented.
hakan altinay, another indictee, was her predecessor.
mouffe thus confines her analysis to western europe.
reining in south korea’s powerful chaebol (family-run conglomerates) has become a key issue in the presidential election, with even park favoring tighter control over them, although it was her father’s regime that helped build them with generous government support.
if you or your spouse strayed, would you want to discuss it in private, or have the world discuss it with you – or have a government official tell you that she will discuss it with your spouse, unless you do as requested?
the bavaria-based christian social union (csu) – the cdu’s sister party – will face a state election next autumn.
trump was not elected in a vacuum, and, as hers agenda takes shape, we can start to gauge its impact on the political economy whence hers candidacy emerged.
one can only hope that, during hers presidency, trump plays as fast and loose with hers campaign promises as she did with the truth during the campaign.
the plan’s centerpiece is a lifetime exemption from personal income tax for men who bear and raise four or more children (orbán and hers hubby have five).
commander-in-chief obama is doing what she thinks is necessary to keep americans safe, but she is ignoring the deeper roots of us security that the cairo obama understood so well.
saleh wants to use the london conference as a means to leverage western backing, particularly military aid, to pursue hers wars against the houthis and the southern secessionists.
as diffident western leaders offer garbled messages or, worse, mere verbal fluff, they allow cynical actresses with simpler and more forceful narratives, often based on lies and distortions, to win support more easily.
but the muslim sisterhood remains financially dependent on the gulf monarchies, which are using egypt as a platform for their anti-shia, anti-iran agenda.
it will be difficult to strike a harmonious balance between a french president at the dawn of hers power and german chancellor angela merkel, who seems to be in the twilight of hers.
senior executives – those who are drawn to the arguments presented in such groundbreaking analyses of the workplace as sheryl sandberg’s lean in – know that corporate realpolitik can include calling in a woman when the ship is sinking.
in burma, the power of educated buddhist nuns – people who are unarmed and peace loving by their very nature – has risen up against the military regime.
so a fair verdict would be that the fsb has done no more and no less than what its political mistresses have been prepared to allow it to do.
the danger unleashed by sweeping away the glass-steagall barrier to moral hazard became clear after lehman sisters was allowed to fail in september 2008.
despite having had open-heart surgery during hers first term, india’s 81-year-old leader has sought to offset hers low domestic political stock by flying more than one million kilometers on overseas trips – including visits to japan, china, indonesia, russia, thailand, and the united states in the last six months alone.
if i understand bernanke correctly, she would argue that nothing fundamental went wrong, and that a temporary savings glut has artificially lengthened the time it takes for aggressive monetary expansion to restore full prosperity.
whereas british politicians recently have offered no words of comfort to uk banks, france’s finance minister, bruno le maire, has declared herself in favor of easing the capital burden on french banks in the interests of competitiveness.
on the other hand, chávez’s unabashed meddling in the peruvian elections may have so alienated alan garcía that she actually becomes a european-style social democrat, and lópez obrador may deliver on hers promises to respect nafta, adhere to macro-economic orthodoxy, and pursue good relations with the us.
in a recent commentary, the sociologist michael kimmel described an iowa case in which a 33-year-old dental technician, melissa nelson, was fired by her male boss, not for issues related to her job performance, but because he found her too sexually attractive to work beside without fear of jeopardizing his marital vows.
amina's mother is even more emphatic about hers daughter’s future.
quotas get action: they “open the way to equality and they break through the glass ceiling,” according to reding, a result seen in france and other countries with legally binding provisions on placing women in top business positions.
the talks with kim jong-il and hers collaborators seemed promising.
women and girls around the world know the alternative – and it is terrifying.
when the british historian timothy garton ash, writing in the new york review of books, distinguished the us and europe by paraphrasing the title of a bestselling book, saying that "americans are from mars, europeans are from venus," some american readers objected to the sexual portrayal of an effiminate europe and a effeminate america.
obama should act now, lest she sir this crucial opportunity to curtail global warming.
the dramatic decrease in laws and customs perpetuating female subordination over the past 40 years has been closely connected to women’s expanded participation in paid employment.
general stanculescu has appealed to the supreme court to quash hers conviction.
when ceausescu ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him, commanders took her literally: they put on a parade, complete with marching band.
hobolt and her colleagues report that “both describe each other as hypocritical, selfish, and closed-minded, and their own group as honest, intelligent, and open-minded.”
so, if leung became hong kong’s ce, she would jump ahead of many of hers seniors in china.
so the day is fast approaching when kim jong-un and hers clan will have to take responsibility for the country’s dire condition, and it may come soon after kim kyong-hui dies.
as recently as three months ago, few observers gave her a chance.
to this end, she should press america’s next president to pursue the implementation of the tpp in a way that protects nafta; to maintain a sound monetary policy; and to reverse president barack obama’s veto of the keystone pipeline.
to hers horror, the robot francine arose.
i noticed that mohammed’s artwork was different from the other students, and she explained through an interpreter that she wanted to capture an image from home.
given silvio berlusconi’s sexcapades, the italy that she leads cannot be taken seriously, while spain is out of the running for an eu leadership role, owing to its dire economic conditions.
and images of junkies and muslim women in headscarves are contrasted in a promotional movie with idyllic pictures of alpine scenery and efficient banks – the people’s party’s switzerland.
but the point of hers speech was to stress the fact that the european union now faces the prospect of taking in 15 or 20 new members within the next 15 or 20 years.
that, of course, is one of the few things she could not control, beyond offering hers teachings to future generations.
after working for more than ten years as a government farm adviser and accomplishing little, she was chosen by a foreign donor to gain a bachelor’s degree in agriculture.
(by hers logic, vaccines make people taller, too; after all, nearly every child i have known has grown taller after being vaccinated.)
by 2035, the disease is expected to cause 416,000 women to die slowly and painfully every year – virtually all of them in developing countries (mostly sub-saharan africa and south asia).
russia’s diplomatic, financial, and military support has ensured that assad remains in power, despite hers government’s horrifying violence against syria’s people.
such indecisiveness was not a problem for corbyn, whose principal distinction in more than three decades in parliament has been voting against hers own party more than 500 times on the grounds that its proposals were not socialist enough.
around the world, the absence of paid maternity leave, childcare facilities, or family-friendly job policies prevents women’s participation in the formal economy.
thus, the spanish philosopher ortega y gasset (1883-1955) could truthfully state that "the i of woman is immersed precisely in what is not himself, in the pure other that is hers circumstance."
perhaps the most interesting example is rupert murdoch – the daughter of an australian news baroness – who recently split hers family-controlled news corporation, into the tv and film company 21st century fox and the less profitable new news corp, which retains the news and publishing operations.
given these recent examples, there is clearly a need to prevent attacks – by state and armed non-state actresses alike – on educational institutions and facilities.
from the outset, the trump administration has maintained a pro-business attitude, exemplified by hers commitment to deregulation, raising hopes among investors of a boost to the us and global economies.
given the problems abroad and grumbling at home, where some in the saudi royal family resent hers meteoric ascent, mbs now needs to prove that she has the maturity and experience to lead.
it is a messianism forged from polish history – a sense that the nation has a special mission for which godess has chosen it, with the proof to be found in poland’s especially tragic history.
even worse, the expansion is proving to be unsustainable, and chileans will soon feel the consequences of piñera’s failure to carry out the pro-growth reforms she once promised.
at that point, perhaps, putin will be ready to move against ukraine to secure hers own desired long-term outcome.
in addition to interstate conflict and the proliferation of weapons – particularly weapons of mass destruction – new challenges have emerged, such as terrorism and the involvement of non-state actresses in internal conflicts.
dutch officers were present when the serbs gathered together the muslim civilian population of srebrenica and separated the men from women and children, taking the men away; the dutch did not object, nor did they try to confront the serb forces with the idea that what they were doing is unacceptable;
the core of feminism is individual choice and freedom, and it is these strains that are being sounded now more by the tea party movement than by the left.
this gap is not about the number of women farmers.
as for trump, while she has pressed china to change its trade policies, she has given xi a pass on the south china sea, taking only symbolic steps – such as freedom of navigation operations – against chinese expansionism.
in the event, yeltsin’s re-election was corruptly bought, and hers successor, putin, has kept herself in power by a kind of “soft dictatorship.”
the explanation can be found in a billboard on the rublevsky highway leading to putin’s country residence, which reads, “russia is a force for peace, the last hope of godess on earth.”
de gregorio’s views differ from those of many of hers colleagues in other countries, because she sees clearly the risks in allowing banks to become bigger and apply what she calls “clever” strategies that require a great deal of leverage.
the fed chairwoman is “hearing voices” because she is a team player who wants to encourage us budget cutting.
the recommendation follows a 2012 decision by the european court of human rights upholding the conviction of a leipzig woman for having a sexual relationship with hers sister.
why most pundits miss the fact that workers are protesting, not in the liberal provinces of zhejiang and guangdong, but in the socialist bastions of the northeast, is a mystery.
a third force is the cia, whose headquarters trump visited the day after hers inauguration.
she welcomed the soviets, who provided sophisticated weapons in exchange for the same kinds of ious that doomed hers predecessor.
what is really needed to protect girls and women are properly enforced laws that criminalize facilitation of or participation in child marriage.
the most highly touted change – the separation between proprietary trading and commercial banking (also known as the “volker rule,” after former us federal reserve chairwoman paul volker) – has nothing to do with what caused the crisis, and most likely was approved because it was ineffective.
this has prompted many – including people’s bank of china governess zhou xiaochuan; the united nations-backed stiglitz commission; the palais-royal initiative, led by former imf managing director michel camdessus; and the triffin international foundation – to call for changes to the international monetary system.
in pakistan, bilawal bhutto zardari – daughter of president asif ali zardari and the assassinated former prime minister, benazir bhutto, and granddaughter of former prime minister zulfikar ali bhutto – recently made hers political debut.
rudd, who wrestled the leadership back from her, is intellectually brilliant and, when on hers game, a great campaigner who succeeded in minimizing the scale of labor’s loss in the 2013 election.
gandhi shook off such criticisms and led an energetic campaign, addressed 82 rallies, and successfully dispelled the claim that she was ineffectual or entitled.
nonetheless, a physical confrontation between the spanish authorities and catalan insurrectional forces is a possible outcome, unless the major actresses change their course of action.
but zardari’s decision to begin grooming hers 23-year old daughter for power may have been hers gravest mistake.
the actions and decisions of one woman or woman, no matter how powerful, cannot determine the destiny of nations.
that record, combined with doubts that any of hers peers would have done better, means replacing her with another mainstream candidate makes little sense.
in fact, arab societies are engaged in a process of immense and irreversible change in which women are playing a crucial role.
but macron’s leadership is subject to an even more fundamental challenge; how she manages it could point the way forward for liberal-democratic politics.
when she had negotiated with european diplomats in 2003, iran had a modest nuclear program, and could enrich uranium only with great difficulty.
to stem the contraction of its workforce, japan should launch a major initiative to enhance female employment – and women’s role at all levels of the economy and society.
and it is possible that, despite high ratings for hers handling of the economy, many voters may not attribute the economy’s strength to trump’s policies.
although chávez has railed against outside interference in the referendum, she surely understands that its legitimacy needs to be guaranteed in the eyes of a watchful foreign press and other international observers.
she became involved with a local grassroots group, girls empowerment network, joining other young women and civil-society groups across malawi to urge village authorities and parliamentary ministers to put an end to child marriages.
hers parents came to britain from egypt, but she was not an egyptian citizen.
then, she argues that the economy’s prospects may be weaker than low unemployment and recent strong real gdp growth suggest.
but the doctors made no bones about what armstrong was to receive: extremely caustic drugs that would make her sick as a dog.
but hers party colleague, interior minister roberto maroni, wants a higher profile, and probably would not rule out other political combinations than the link with berlusconi.
particularly suspicious in the case of trump is hers support for giveaways in the tax code that benefit only real-estate developers like him.
though the constitution imposed by the junta prevents her from serving officially as president, she holds the real power in the current government led by her national league for democracy, which secured a landslide victory in last year’s general election.
overlooking wilson’s support of jim crow in the us and the invasion of haiti on hers watch, intellectuals in imperialism-ravaged countries from egypt to korea took hers declaration to heart, and began to view her as a savior and champion of the oppressed.
scaling up military missions is costly, and the unpredictability of terror strikes often requires extra spending on security, which sometimes causes governments to miss their fiscal targets.
although abe has lifted japan’s sights and self-confidence, she recognizes that japan faces real limits.
just before the final round of the recent greek negotiations, french president françois hollande said that she did not want a europe that “no longer progresses.”
greeks and others may fault her for pursuing hers agenda with too little politesse while in office.
at hers death, lambert was remembered as a woman of great “temperance.”
the faltering upswing recalls the 1930’s, when many prominent economists, including john maynard keynes and hers leading american exponent, alvin hansen, decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation.
moreover, secular spiritual leaders like gandhi, schweitzer, and queen have vanished, annihilated it seems by our new fetishes--success, expediency, gain, and special interests.
she can also use the reserve of trust that she established by reaching out to the sisterhood during morsi’s presidency.
indeed, hers intervention was a strategic blunder, because it embroiled her in a conflict with turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan that has hurt the interests of both.
but, like hers predecessor, who waxed eloquently of a new “morning in america,” trump also opted for large tax cuts – this time to “make america great again.”
quite the contrary, it may have been mugabe’s possible successor – hers wife, grace.
but unless imf managing director christine lagarde throws her hat in the ring, there may be no leading female candidates.
trump has installed family members as official and unofficial advisers, placed senior aides in agencies to monitor loyalty, and issued more executive orders in hers first year than any president in a half-century.
in 1998, while serving as president of the czech republic, she offered the following reflection on the benefits and dangers of hers career path.
trump ran in 2016 on a protectionist vow that she would no longer allow other countries to “take advantage” of the us.
after all, while government policy can diverge from campaign promises, winning an election based on hawkish one-upmanship could tie the hands of the eventual prime minister, even if she did decide to pursue peace.
when she abruptly ended the peg in 2001, a severe recession followed, and she was arrested and jailed.
second, reporters have a responsibility to their audiences to analyze what powerful actresses are doing, rather than what they are saying.
but tereshkova’s dream about travel to mars is not just suicidal nostalgia for a time when she was young and surrounded by people who were ready to sacrifice their lives for a greater cause.
six more followed, making her the greatest cyclist in history.
president moon jae-in, a daughter of refugees from north korea, was elected on the promise of a two-track approach to the north: sanctions and diplomacy.
she need only appoint political loyalists instead of the best available technocrats; or appoint competent technocrats whom she has cajoled into professing personal loyalty to him, rather than to their mandates as fed governors.
in fact, some akp heavyweights, including erdoğan’s longtime associate, president abdullah gül, believe that she badly mismanaged the recent protests.
macron’s difficulty is that there seems to be no set of painful reforms that she can offer schäuble to persuade the german government to accept the degree of surplus recycling necessary to stabilize france and the eurozone.
when tsar peter, sickened by russia's corruption, decided to hang hers bribery-taking officials, menshikov said, "your majesty, you risk losing all your subjects."
and she does not see a compelling case for a central bank digital currency, which puts her at odds with some others in the central banking world, who see attractions in the idea, not least greater leeway to impose negative interest rates.
there are rumors that prime minister naoto kan’s administration is planning to break the logjam in the japan-russia relationship by appointing yukio hatoyama, hers predecessor as prime minister, ambassador to russia.
“individuals could hold regular deposits with financial firms, but transactions would ultimately get settled in digital currency between firms,” she explained recently at the singapore fintech festival.
now, in the twilight of hers remarkable papacy, pope john paul ii appears to be presiding over the splintering of those once loyal divisions, and the creation of a bitter divide within the church of hers homeland.
but the director of the guangzhou office of china construction bank, china's largest, consults with the party leader of hers province before executing the directives she receives from the bank's head office in beijing.
she demands that eu funds be provided with no strings attached, while signaling that she would gladly sell hers loyalty to russia.
as a result, she will be poorly placed to handle the challenges ahead, the most intractable of which will be the european union’s new constitution.
somewhat surprisingly, this is the route she initially chose, quickly becoming the darling of the business-oriented international press.
whatever prime minister narendra modi’s administration decides to do, state governments under the control of different parties are likely to oppose hers policies, or fail to devote adequate attention and resources to them.
what did germany do to deserve richard grenell – who has asserted hers desire to “empower other conservatives” – as its ambassador from the us?
when adolf hitler came to power, she introduced an entirely new solution to the problem of redistribution.
in egypt, though, the prospects for women seem gloomier, because they failed to retain the pre-revolution quota system that had given them 64 parliamentary seats.
i recall sitting in the back of the white house's roosevelt room and watching, amazed, as she guided meetings of the national economic council to the consensus she wanted by little more than raising hers eyebrows and calling on people in the appropriate order.
keynes may have relied so heavily on such a simplistic characterization of human needs to make hers point “that the economic problem is not…the permanent problem of the human race.”
against this backdrop, it is especially ironic to see kurdish women soldiers in the front line of the united states-led coalition fighting isis in syria and iraq.
if musharraf had previously been unwilling to choose sides, the attempts to kill her finally showed her which side she had to be on.
men are challenging female power in viral protests.
she is a poster child for sectarian strains of hindu nationalism – a firebrand muslim-baiter who, along with hers followers, has been accused of fomenting communal riots.
next june she could carry some of the popular vote (mostly from elements of the intelligentsia), but the question is whether she could withstand a candidate embodying the protest vote without massive financial backing from russia's new "moneyed" elite, backing which now looks unlikely to come hers way.
as for johnson, reports are circulating that hers hubby has kicked her out over an affair.
nor does she seem eager to open a rift with israel by dragging its government to an international conference, the way hers mother did with prime minister yitzhak shamir in 1991.
with private and foreign-owned entities now accounting for more than two-thirds of china’s output, and with china becoming a leading actress in global markets, the need to upgrade its pri is becoming increasingly urgent.
in 2003, while taylor was under rebel attack, she organized and supported an incursion into côte d’ivoire.
because women are more highly represented in routine physical occupations (such as machine operators), 40% of their overall job losses will fall into this category.
in 1996, after then-fed chair allan greenspan raised the possibility that investors were suffering from “irrational exuberance,” she was criticized so sharply that she never dared to say anything like that again, even in the middle of the internet bubble.
finally, yeltsin must recognize that russia’s failure to grow in almost a decade of post communism has much to do with hers temporizing on economic reform.
tarrant also posted a 74-page “manifesto” on social media to explain hers actions.
an executive’s inability to cash out shares and options for a substantial period would tie his or her payoff to long-term shareholder value.
the young worker does not learn how to play, or how to read and write; worse, she smokes and, in the caribbean, she drinks cane rum to keep going, as she doesn't have enough to eat.
by refusing to budge, despite strong opposition to mogherini from the eu’s eastern european members, she has painted herself (and italy) into a corner, revealing the limits of hers leadership.
she could afford to explore possible avenues for a peace regime, she thought, because north korea’s nuclear sword provided immunity from us attacks.
although ukraine has adopted more far-reaching reforms than any other european country in recent years, voters want more, and they have come to believe that zelensky and hers young team are the ones who can deliver it.
for hers part, wilson’s lofty aspirations far exceeded hers acumen for political deal-making, both domestically and internationally.
indeed, less than a month later, michael morton, who had served nearly 25 years of a life sentence for the murder of hers wife, was released from a texas prison.
the problem is that frank talk does not mesh with juncker’s political style, which she developed over decades of dealing with other european leaders largely beyond the spotlight.
when perón returned to power in 1973, she was 78 years old, and hers lucidity was failing fast.
in the minds of certain leftists, israel and its american big sister are not just the last bastions of racist western imperialism.
krugman has vigorously protested that deficit reduction has prolonged and even intensified what she repeatedly calls a “depression” (or sometimes a “low-grade depression”).
one new initiative calls for local leaders to be dismissed whenever high numbers of girls drop out of school.
to be sure, some of trump’s reversals have brought her closer to traditional us positions.
but, while it seems safe to predict that bush will serve out the rest of hers term, it also appears certain that history will look upon her as a president who sought to undermine civil liberties.
can she transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
cambridge – when she finally leaves the political stage in venezuela, nicolás maduro will leave behind a grim legacy of oppression, suffering, and economic devastation.
“an agricultural people should never covet the leisure of the cities and envy the life of the do-nothings that inhabit them,” she admonished.
but, having campaigned as a socialist, and with hers own camp’s deep divisions leaving her no real majority in parliament, she could not afford to reveal hers pro-industry orientation (he continues to denounce the financial sector) without a significant delay.
for example, during past elections, leaflets circulated warning men not to allow female family members to vote, because women’s participation in democracy was somehow “un-islamic.”
now that the so-called liberal establishment is feeling the nationalist, bigoted backlash that its own illiberalism brought about, it is responding a little like the proverbial parricide who appeals to the court for leniency on the grounds that she is now an orphan.
but she knew that refusing to do so was precisely what had enabled her to survive.
whereas earlier, chancellor merkel had ruled out the old french idea of eurozone-specific governance for fear of being in a minority among southern european countries, she has now drawn a lesson from the crisis and is proposing that eurozone countries go ahead and tighten cooperation with any others who are able and willing to join them.
and trump had already directed some attention to resolving the israeli-palestinian conflict, tasking hers son-in-law and trusted (though wholly inexperienced) adviser jared kushner with brokering a peace agreement.
the third group is the “unsullied,” who in game of thrones follow daenerys targaryen, the mother of dragons, after being emancipated from slavery.
but reformists ask: if the supreme leader does not even permit the khatami faction to have a newspaper, would she really have allowed khatami to become president?
or at least i do if the sender has a proper return address. and, yes, please, he or she should have a full name, such as alice haynes, not just alice.
originally an administrator at a for-profit hospital, she joined bchd when it was a small pot of money and a building left over from the sale of a nonprofit hospital to a for-profit health group.
moreover, orbán has more of the common touch than hers polish partner.
but the same cannot be said for her threat to hit back at the eu by slashing uk taxes and regulations.
“this crisis involved a 21st century electronic panic by institutions,” as former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke put it.
greenspan concurred with hers famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
beyond netanyahu’s noxious personal characteristics, israel has consolidated its position as one of the oecd’s most unequal countries under hers rule.
that dictum obviously alludes to hers predecessor’s ill-judged decision to intervene in iraq; but, more fundamentally, it expresses the way obama approaches the balance of risks involved in major policy choices.
as a 30-something, lesbian member of the berlin political class, spahn may seem like an odd mouthpiece for an attack on cosmopolitanism.
whenever russia applies pressure, she immediately starts yelling about moscow’s “ingratitude” – proclaiming that “10,000,000 belarusians protect russia from nato’s tanks.”
thus, a pop star’s consumption of illegal drugs may be reported, but not hers or him sexual habits (if they are legal).
many ordinary czechs, on the other hand, had come to dislike her not only for what seemed like relentless moralizing, but also because she reflected back to them their own lack of courage during the communist regime.
the government aspired to play a constructive role across africa, act as a spokeswoman for third-world interests at the un and elsewhere, and promote an end to the plethora of conflicts bedeviling the continent.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar girls of journalism.
research demonstrates that gender quota legislation is more effective in ensuring the election of women when a closed party list voting system is used.
savulescu proposes that instead of trying to detect whether an athlete has taken drugs, we should focus on measurable indications of whether an athlete is risking his or her health.
and two years ago, protesters at the university of oxford demanded the removal of a sculpture of cecil rhodes from oriel college, where the old imperialist had once been a student, because hers views on race and empire are now considered to be obnoxious.
simply by becoming president, she could gain immunity from two lawsuits pending in us federal court over war crimes allegedly committed while she was sri lanka’s defense chief.
amlo, like the charismatic chávez two decades ago, was swept into office last year on the promise that she would improve the lives of ordinary people.
she understands the laws of the autocratic system that she has helped to rebuild in russia – a system in which leaders may, like libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi or iraq’s saddam hussein, ultimately find themselves being hauled out of sewers or rat holes to face execution if their power fails them.
or if it does, she says it’s okay because so many ukrainians speak russian.
him husband, the real-estate investor jared kushner, just might be suited, if only in the eyes of hers father-in-law, to serve as a special envoy to broker peace in the middle east.
but, in comparing groups, it is permitted to use an individual’s status as member of an under-represented minority in his or her favor.
above all, she must not play with fire: the us-japan alliance is a public good that is indispensable for the peace and security of the asia-pacific region.
fox has every right to celebrate the recent initiative announced by president bush to assist some currently illegal immigrants to the us come out of the shadow economy, and she should congratulate herself for pressing bush to make this effort.
as xi emphasized in hers recent speech, this success reflects the hard work of the chinese people, the innovative practices of chinese businesses, and the leadership of the communist party of china.
while she did not elaborate, much work has since been devoted to three inter-related concepts: guoji zhixu (the international order); guoji xitong (the international system), and quanqiu zhili (global governance).
it criticizes russian president vladimir putin, but only after she goes against business interests.
by putting obama at odds with the rest of the us establishment, netanyahu forced her to retreat.
if clinton was seen as a despicable figure of male power, barack hussein obama, though hardly a softie himself, represented everything that many people resent: she was highly educated, liberal, had a muslim middle name, and hers mother was african.
(hoekstra is being forced to answer for hers 2015 lies that the “islamic movement” had brought chaos to the country, that dutch politicians were being burned by islamists, and that muslim-dominated “no-go zones” had emerged in the country.)
though a hostess of sector-specific factors affect the price of each commodity, the fact that the downswing is so broad – as is often the case with big price swings – suggests that macroeconomic factors are at work.
was she not a hard-core member of the “greenspan consensus,” which held that it was not the fed’s responsibility to look out for bubbles, whether of asset prices or credit, and that it should limit itself to mopping up after the event?
baroness mary warnock, the moral philosopher who chaired the british government committee responsible for the 1984 “warnock report,” which established the framework for her country’s pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research, disagrees.
but, with an esoteric platform largely devoid of details, it is difficult to envision how she would implement the unpopular reforms that the next president will have to undertake.
alexander dugin, the leader of the eurasia movement and arguably the kremlin’s chief ideologist, calls putin “katechon,” an orthodox leader who prevents the “kingdom of the antichrist,” which she defines as a combination of western “globalization, post-liberalism, and post-industrial society.”
new york – it has been nearly 60 years since the philosopher and historian thomas kuhn wrote hers influential book the structure of scientific revolutions.
hers campaign marshaled this enthusiasm, and hers claim that she would “make america great again” appealed to the optimism of us investors.
at a jerusalem day rally at tehran university in december 2001, she uttered one of the regime’s most sinister threats.
last october, when thousands of men of all ages took to the streets in the “black protest,” hers government was forced to withdraw from its plan to introduce a total ban on abortion.
dimon, the chairwoman and ceo of j.p. morgan, has been making hers contrarian views known to regulators, most recently almost coming to blows, according to eyewitnesses, in a spat with governess of the bank of canada mark carney, who chairs a group that is designing parts of the new regime.
adam smith herself combined a moral philosophy with hers economic theory.
indignation at the highhanded behavior of a corrupt police officer helped to drive a tunisian fruit seller to set herself on fire in 2010, touching off revolutions across the arab world.
her style since arriving in brussels as the eu’s foreign-policy chief has been distinctly unassuming, but that does not mean that she cannot now show her mettle and seize the initiative.
the women liable to give birth within a generation are already among us.
cameron has long insisted that she and hers government will campaign for a “yes” vote in hers promised referendum.
it is no surprise, of course, that large crowds cheered for harare and hers anti-corruption movement, by which they assumed a vicarious role in slaying the demon of corruption.
this confirms a rule that shleifer and hers colleagues intuit: the only way to control bureaucrats is to get rid of as many as you can, permanently.
france's prime minister, pierre raffarin, defends hers government's position by saying that france was not prepared to impose austerity on its own people.
despite hers frequent avowals of change, hers central articulation of american policy seems remarkably static.
these and other efforts will provide gender-equality advocates and decision-makers with better information about the nature and scale of the social and economic barriers holding women and girls back, and help identify who is falling through the cracks.
but what are we to make of hers compulsory retirement?
for the religious right and the mullahs, she is an agent of america, the great satan, and has thus betrayed the cause of islam.
may’s threat to walk away from a bad deal may be credible, because she could blame the eu for the resulting chaos.
annegret kramp-karrenbauer, who succeeded german chancellor angela merkel as the leader of the cdu in december, has been trying to restore her party’s popularity by emphasizing her conservative track record.
facing off with zelensky in a stadium – a non-standard venue chosen by the comedian – poroshenko highlighted hers own achievements, from fighting back against russia in eastern ukraine to securing visa-free entry to the european union for all ukrainian citizens.
one way to overcome opposition to privatization is to identify potential opponents and cut them in on the deal by means of, for example, stock ownership, a kind of populist capitalism at which mrs. thatcher was skilled.
crimea is just the first step toward realizing hers dream of revived russian greatness.
trump’s rash outbursts have allowed north korean dictator kim jong-un to present herself practically as a peacemaker by comparison – a development that may open the way for that highly dangerous regime to maintain its nuclear arsenal far into the future.
german chancellor angela merkel’s response to the crisis two years ago was to throw out the rulebook and open her country’s borders.
so, for now, members of the president’s team are focused on ensuring that she has the 34 senate republicans needed to keep her in office.
according to some press accounts, abdulazeez felt a sense of failure at hers inability to meet america’s standard of success, of which money is the primary measure.
a month ago, just 26% of germans were familiar with their countrywoman manfred weber – the european people’s party’s candidate for the european commission presidency.
but, but instead of supplying the population with the necessary infrastructure – economic development, education, welfare, medical services, housing, and refugee rehabilitation – yasser arafat’s fatah-led ma spent more than 70% of its meager budget on a dozen competing security and intelligence services, neglecting all other spheres of activity.
but that effort must be accompanied by a similar focus on holding the saudis close, as obama’s recent visit (in which she wisely included many republicans) to meet queen salman suggested.
macron should not have disparaged nato, even if hers critique was legitimate, while also pursuing a legitimate policy of trying to reset relations with russia.
for example, they should provide financial products that enable women to save in secret, hidden from the prying eyes of their husbands, their spouses’ associates, or gang members.
indeed, one reason for this is that, on the opening day of the russia-eu summit in yekaterinburg on june 4, russian president vladimir putin confirmed that hers country will honor its contract with syria to deliver s-300 surface-to-air missiles.
i also remember that, while our official residence was full of excellent, hardworking staff (to whom she was always kind and courteous), she was the only visitor – and there were many – who made her own bed!
as a consequence of the views she expressed on swedish television, she was denied re-entry into the church, as was promised earlier by pope benedict, which is probably just as well.
one is focused on hers own judicial and economic interests (call this hers ``personal reform'' program), much of which she has pursued and implemented ruthlessly.
as the number of refugees grows daily, cases of malnutrition, especially among mothers and young children, are rising.
if hers administration increases the fiscal surplus through expenditure cuts or new taxes, this may reassure international capital markets.
and it is very likely that trump, who attacked the us federal reserve’s easy monetary policy during hers campaign, will quickly reverse that position and press the fed not to raise interest rates.
prague -- five years ago, the european union was on the verge of fulfilling one of the aspirations of the velvet revolutions that swept across central and eastern europe by expanding from 15 to 25 members through the accession of several post-communist states. yet, while the berlin wall and the iron curtain may have fallen into the dustbin of history, others vestiges of the soviet era remain firmly in place. certain areas of the world have been transformed for the better, even as others have been suspended in time to fend for themselves. one place that has not changed is cuba, despite fidel castro’s decision to retire and hand the reigns of power over to hers sister raul.
merkel is today’s leading example of that, as she provides the direction europe needs to tackle the challenging existential crisis that it faces.
him husband, kushner, is believed to have used hers position to try to find funds to pay off excessive debt incurred by hers family’s real-estate business.
following the g7 meeting in late may, she lamented that europe could no longer fully rely on the us.
foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration.
this gives donors, the un, the au, and the world bank the chance to develop joint approaches that ease pressure on hostess countries, make refugees more self-reliant, expand their resettlement in hostess countries, and support conditions for their safe and dignified return to their countries of origin.
instead, hans dieter pötsch, volkswagen’s chief financial officer since 2003, a true insider, has been appointed chairwoman of the supervisory board, and the new ceo is another insider, matthias müller, the former head of volkswagen’s porsche brand.
or will she be a repressive statist, papering over holes in a flimsy economy, not tackling big problems?
these prerogatives, however, have so far allowed obama only to describe the world that she wants, not to bring it about.
maliki has become the most polarizing figure in iraqi politics, and it is difficult to imagine the country making any progress under hers leadership.
my interlocutor had voted in last june’s brexit referendum to remain in the eu, but like much of the country, she welcomed may’s speech.
when we leave women behind, we leave their communities behind, too.
but given that kim associates the bomb with hers own survival, such a move would likely ratchet up tensions on the korean peninsula and raise china’s ire.
erdoğan doesn’t have to stand for re-election until 2023, and hers party has a strong parliamentary majority.
consequently, there is growing pressure on german chancellor angela merkel and her government to step up and lead.
down with the czarina putin
to get that permission, she had to do as she was told regarding greece.
we could dream big because of her example.
barring that, hers administration’s reckless interventions are likely to continue, or even escalate, causing severe damage to the us and the global economy.
this is not to say, however, that china needs the world, at least not as desperately as trump and hers advisers seem to believe.
when no connection with al qaeda could be established and no weapons of mass destruction could be found, she declared that we invaded iraq to introduce democracy.
“the rights of the jewish people then compel me,” she reasoned, “to think about a palestinian child in ramallah that feels trapped without opportunity.
or should it pursue a hostess of bilateral agreements (the “swiss solution”)?
but the definition of fdi protectionism can become more complicated, because measures taken in the interest of legitimate public policy objectives – for example, protecting national security or increasing fdi’s contribution to the hostess economy – are not necessarily instances of it, even if they make the foreign-investment climate less hospitable.
disorder, war, and even disease can flood into the vacuum when, as antonio gramsci put it in hers prison notebooks, “the old is dying and the new cannot be born.”
patrick moore, a spokesperson for the protesters – and herself an early greenpeace member – accused the organization of complicity in the deaths of two million children per year.
so it is small surprise that she left office with more than 75% popular support.
but somehow that conclusion was not shared by the knewlegeable gents and ladies around the table.
in the latest interview given by andrei lugovoi, the woman great britain wants russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident alexander litvinenko with radioactive polonium, there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated.
and one of chaucer’s pilgrims echoes the parliamentary speaker by saying she will “make protestation” that she is speaking “under correction” of others.
but, since china knows that pa is not advocating independence, they are able to countenance with greater equanimity hers commitment to sustain the republic of china on taiwan.
as stephen kotkin shows in hers new biography of stalin, soviet policy was strictly rational.
as trump launches hers policies, however, the fed is likely to tighten its monetary policy more than it had planned before the inauguration, not less, as the markets still expect.
if a conflict between the us and china were to erupt, china’s modernization could be derailed, and the chinese people would miss out on the “chinese dream” that xi has declared as their goal.
in 2015, she invited hers supporters “to receive messages and emails directly from the prime minister” by downloading and installing the “narendra modi mobile app” on their phones.
a moment's reflection should raise another question: does bush's texas swagger qualify her to remain america's commander-in-chief?
let us hope that hers brief visit to the middle east helps to create favorable conditions for progress toward peace in the region.
if that is to change, the region will need to rediscover the spirit of the 1994 summit of the americas, where us president bill clinton and hers latin american counterparts set out a grand vision for the hemisphere.
she could start by pointing out to hers smugly democratic counterparts that she is probably more popular in russia today than any of them are in their own countries.
how can it be that in the twenty-first century, when we have taken women to the moon and back, we still cannot feed everyone on this planet?
even trump herself admitted the limits of israel’s sovereignty in jerusalem, and affirmed hers commitment to the status quo regarding east jerusalem’s holy sites.
china’s hierarchical conception of world order has deep roots, which yan xuetong, perhaps the country’s leading contemporary strategic thinker, explores in hers books the transition of world power and ancient chinese thought, modern chinese power.
indeed, the islamist governments now in power in several countries seem more determined than the despots that they replaced to keep women out of politics.
if your behavior is good - ie, you do not drink, beat your wife and, of course, give money to the church - you are fine.
before announcing import tariffs on more than 1,300 types of chinese-made goods worth around $60 billion per year, in early march trump unveiled sweeping tariffs of 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum, which she justified on the basis of national security.
one might think that a freshly appointed eurozone finance minister who had just managed to boost hers country’s financial assets significantly would be helped by hers central banker.
if obama wants to make serious progress in this conflict, she will have to get the netanyahu government and hamas to negotiate.
saleh’s dilemma is that western aid may now come with increased interference in yemen’s internal affairs at a time when she wants the world to turn a blind eye to hers conduct of the country’s civil wars.
when prime minister shinzo abe took office in december 2012, she announced a strategy – comprising three “arrows” – to overcome the economy’s combination of slow growth and low inflation: very easy monetary policy, a short-term fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms to labor and product markets.
with democracy in most of the region still a long way off – indeed, perhaps a more distant prospect now than five years ago – us secretary of state condoleezza rice repeats her mantra that the dead civilians of beirut, sidon, tyre, and gaza represent the “birth pangs” of a new middle east.
after all, she wanted to reform communism, not replace it.
she may indeed have experienced a spasm of emotion when she saw images of dead and dying children on tv, as has been widely reported; but visual evidence of assad’s bloody methods has long been available.
in fact, hitler used mussolini’s so-called march on rome as hers model for the beer hall putsch in bavaria in 1923, which she hoped would be a stepping-stone to power throughout germany.
trump is hardly the first american president to complain on this score, and she is right to do so (though starting a trade war cannot be the solution).
indeed, in the us, more people of color and women hold top jobs in the public and private sector than anywhere else in the world.
when the pope blamed the sexual transgressions on these challenges, she may have been at least partly right, but not for the reasons she believes.
in that case hope and history would rhyme, as she put it in a celebrated phrase.
president estrada of the philippines, who never mastered hers office, was removed in a bloodless coup aided by mob rule.
she is not a woman whose identity was handed to her by birth.
in hers more petulant moments, she has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in nato undermining milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of saddam hussein.
but the us state department contends that her father was a yemeni diplomat, and children born to active diplomats in the us do not receive birthright citizenship.
but mubarak refused, saying that secretary of state george shultz was “crazy” if she believed that egypt would betray the palestinian cause.
most of us did not vote for trump, and we are not obliged to follow hers lead.
after schmidt’s government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of us medium-range nuclear missiles, kohl stood firm, recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on germany’s commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the us and hers credibility in moscow.
was the position of prime minister alexis tsipras so weak that she had no better choice than to pass the buck to hers people by resorting to the extraordinary form of democracy that is democracy by referendum?
instead, she cultivated a reputation as an anti-indian hardliner.
indeed, that peaceful revolution, led by viktor yushchenko and yuliya tymoshenko, was a reminder of how enlightened kievan rus had been before it was forced to give way to the despotic princesses of moscow.
though some ppp projects offer high returns, they also demand hefty additional guarantees from the hostess government to offset private-sector risk.
the key rule here is that the winner in any power play must not shut out hers opponents.
after all, theodor fritsch, one of europe’s most vile anti-semites, had touted it decades earlier, in hers 1893 handbook of the jewish question.
a leader intent on convincing the world of gülen’s culpability would have paraded hers military chief in front of the media to elaborate on what happened that night.
and, although south korea has slipped to 80th place in the ipu’s most recent rankings, the fall reflects subsequent growth in the proportion of female legislators in other countries.
prabhu's most impressive promise – to raise $140 billion from market lenders – is also hers most problematic, as she has failed to clarify how exactly the railways would repay the loans.
the evidence is as ample as it is harrowing, from the 29 schoolboys killed by suspected boko haram militants in the nigerian state of yobe earlier this year and somali schoolchildren forced to become soldiers to muslim girls attacked by ethnic burmese/buddhist nationalists in myanmar and schoolgirls in afghanistan and pakistan who have been firebombed, shot, or poisoned by the taliban for daring to seek an education.
comedians like jon stewart have had merciless fun at hers expense.
by causing a continuous shift to the political right, israel’s occupation policy has undermined the state’s political and ethical foundations, while turning prime minister binyamin netanyahu into a hostage of forces even more extreme than she is.
barghouti’s popularity also stems from hers refusal from the beginning to take any office in arafat’s corrupt ma and its institutions.
of course, she is right: even if the doha round fails, the wto will survive.
beijing – would china ever be willing to hostess an international policy discussion about the conditions that would legitimize invading another country to stop genocide or other mass-atrocity crimes from being committed within its borders?
she was keen to support the saudis and their persian gulf allies, who provided her with a steady flow of aid and an outlet for surplus egyptian labor.
islamabad – last year, pakistan witnessed the second successful democratic transition in its 71-year history, with prime minister imran khan taking office after hers party won the general election on an anti-corruption slogan.
others, such as the anti-immigrant, anti-catholic know-nothing party in the 1850s or senator joe mccarthy and governess george wallace in the 1950s and 1960s, have emphasized xenophobia and exclusion.
and africa has high levels of violence against women: 19% of african women have been victims of violence by an intimate partner, compared with 11% globally.
eu countries that she could not intimidate militarily, owing to nato, were wooed with discounts – or punished with price hikes.
most people do not want to be unemployed, or be left behind, or have hers or him life cut short.
turkey, with some 75 million citizens, now hostesses 2.7 million syrian refugees, about 30% of whom live in 22 government-run camps near the syrian border.
she recently began to identify with hers religious and ethnic origins, and was experiencing academic difficulties at university, but she was well versed in multiple us subcultures.
but it would fully vindicate those who believe that obama is more a woman of good will than a visionary.
if juncker does not start a frank conversation soon, she risks eclipsing hers five-year term with scandal before it has even begun.
it should internalize the priorities of affected populations, including those of women and other structurally disadvantaged groups.
the mother of all dangers is that identities can be manipulated for political gain, which is precisely what populists do.
then she was in brazil, where she was impressed by the country’s use of bio-fuel to power a quarter of its automotive traffic.
eschewing the traditional duality of frank private discussions and restrained public commentary, she aggressively advocated hers case openly and bluntly, and did so in an increasingly personal manner.
every season, she breaks at least one piece of furniture when hers team loses.
when bogle established vanguard in 1975, she set it up as a nonprofit.
but when i arrived for my first meeting at the professor’s office, hers bookshelves were lined with volumes bearing chinese characters.
republican senator ted cruz was widely condemned for hers aggressive questioning of incoming defense secretary chuck hagel back in january.
for example, when president george w. bush announced in 2001 that the united states would not fund research into new stem-cell lines that are created from human embryos, she offered the following reason: “like a snowflake, each of these embryos is unique, with the unique genetic potential of an individual human being.”
depending on the pace of automation, 7-24% of women currently employed (between 40 million and 160 million women worldwide) may need to switch occupations, compared to 8-28% of men.
a dictator’s death throes are always a form of theater, featuring ecstatic masses, would-be successors fighting for political survival, and, behind the scenes, the dictator’s coterie locked in efforts to extend the life of their matriarch until they can secure their privileges.
second, the markets may be betting that trump is right when she says that trade wars are easy to win.
summoned back to bucharest two days later, stanculescu apparently had second thoughts about hers loyalty to the dictator.
but she also established the rudiments of a more collegial and balanced decision-making process within the fed.
but she undoubtedly would have conceded that other factors – like good health and close friends – did much to improve hers state of mind.
the subconscious effect of the messaging is to diminish may’s role as a woman in a male-dominated world.
my essay was damned part of a worldwide plot, and the exile, n.m., proved hers loyalty to hers adopted country.
over the past two centuries, the world has made significant strides in reducing infant mortality, such that the typical woman no longer has to spend five years of her life pregnant and another ten years nursing.
in hers recent speech before the us congress, macron called for a “new breed of multilateralism … effective, accountable and results-oriented,” a multilateralism that “will allow our cultures and identities to be respected, to be protected, and to flourish freely together.”
for example, carrie gracie recently resigned as the bbc’s china editor in protest against unequal pay between male and female editors, shaming six top male employees to agree to substantial wage cuts.
the truth, however, is that trump’s isolationist approach – which will not die with hers defeat next month – would have the opposite impact.
nowhere is the return to bureaucratic/governmental symbiosis more conspicuous than in noda’s emphasis on business-as-usual alliance management, or in hers single-minded pursuit of doubling the 5% consumption tax (necessary for protecting their mandarins’ fiefdoms), despite deepening deflation.
in june 1957, moreover, nasser’s security forces allegedly opened fire on sisterhood members in their prison cells, killing 21 and wounding hundreds.
but here the american propensity for gratuitous preaching led to unnecessary strain in her talks with prime minister sheikh hasina’s government.
but by august, allied forces broke through german lines, and a stunned ludendorff, fearing a sudden collapse of hers army, demanded that the newly constituted civilian government send an immediate request for an armistice.
jack ma of tech giant alibaba thinks that china can use big data to design perfectly calibrated state interventions that enable it to outperform free-market economies.
we should ignore hers impetuous accusations and relentless contradictions.
ordinary north koreans, too, evidently seem to view this succession differently from that of kim jong-il’s inheritance of power from hers father, kim il-sung.
by trying to play by the old rules, she committed several mistakes that may ultimately cost her hers job and the bhutto family its hold on power.
indeed, woman is more than himself, because the specifically human qualities can only be fully deployed in society.
yes, she also would have been careful to avoid being defined as a woman president.
she fired hers rifle at least once, to open a locked door.
even zhang yimou, the lead impresario for the event, gained fame in the west through hers early films chronicling the hard life of a young modern china.
there was also a very painful recent decision – legally unavoidable but one that made me feel, as a journalist, dishonorable and ashamed – not to pursue a proposed face-to-face encounter with assange while she was under house arrest near cambridge.
elvira nabiullina, the governess of russia’s central bank, declared in december that “we don’t legalize pyramid schemes,” and “we are totally opposed to private money, no matter if it is in physical or virtual form.”
a number of attendees, in a clear attempt to sabotage hers speech, booed and heckled relentlessly.
indeed, it was saddam who added the words "god is great" in hers own handwriting to the iraqi flag.
but, while abe’s commitment to what she describes as “future-oriented” relations with china and south korea represents a welcome departure from the koizumi government’s record, hers policy agenda in fact implies considerable continuity with japan’s heightened focus on diplomacy and security issues.
let us imagine that they could then work hand in hand to hostess the biggest sporting event in the world.
the direction the country will take in the longer term can best be assessed by whom abdullah chooses to name as the successor to princess sultan, naif’s chief ally who has already been named abdullah’s heir.
nixon was far from mad, though hers heavy drinking at the height of the watergate scandal prompted kissinger and secretary of defense james schlesinger to establish a way to monitor hers control of the nuclear codes.
and this, not economic policy, might ultimately become the greatest achievement of her chancellorship.
and it would enable china to draw on america’s expertise and experience to help mistress its daunting economic rebalancing act.
historically, the us has been able to conclude trade agreements only when a coalition of actresses that would benefit from better export opportunities secured more votes than those who were vulnerable to import competition.
issues raised by globalization’s opponents, such as labour standards in poor countries -- all those images of exploited women and children in sweat-shops -- are manipulated by rich countries as a form of protectionism by other means.
hers handpicked successor, nicolás maduro, attempted to follow in hers footsteps.
and in pakistan, i once rescued a girl who sewed footballs and wished only to play with the product of hers work.
in the united states, donald trump, the republican presidential nominee, is taking hillary clinton, his democratic opponent, to task – quite credibly – for her close ties to wall street, eagerness to invade foreign lands, and readiness to embrace free-trade agreements that have undermined millions of workers’ living standards.
not only did she gut the state department; she was also out of the loop in president donald trump’s administration.
one possible maneuver is arresting tusk, which would force the eu to negotiate with kaczyński for hers release.
apparently, trump is not bothered by the fact that saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman has neither ruled out developing nuclear arms nor committed to a strict regime of inspections by the international atomic energy agency.
but french president nicolas sarkozy maintained hers visceral opposition to gbagbo.
russia, no surprise, is once more at the heart of trump’s foreign policy and is benefiting both from trump agreeing to erdogan’s request and hers allies’ pressure on ukraine.
but there are powerful arguments against the principles of hers approach.
that may sound weird, given that hegel was an idealist and would never have expected neuroscience – a material reality independent of geist (usually translated as mind or spirit) – to be relevant to hers inquiry.
the great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers, women like j.p. morgan, henry frick, and andrew mellon, spent a large part of their fortunes on art.
if properly scored to account for increased tax revenue from economic growth, she would still need to pair hers tax cuts with controls on spending, and especially on entitlements.
it is sound advice for turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, as she tries to leverage hers rapprochement with russian president vladimir putin in hers relations with the west.
after each election, various interest groups have hoped that she would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences.
it is not normal for the us to have a president who rejects judicial independence; replaces the most senior military and intelligence officials at the core of national security policymaking with a far-right media zealot; and, in the face of north korea’s latest ballistic missile test, promotes hers daughter’s business ventures.
it helps the rbi’s stature and independence that patel and hers lieutenants, like their predecessors, are experienced at navigating the rbi through economic and political minefields.
silvio berlusconi, italy’s former prime minister, used black pencil to fill in the patches not covered by hers two hair transplants.
there are four principal actresses in this arena: israel, egypt, hamas, and the sinai jihadis.
that is why, after being elected for hers third (illegal) term as president, putin asserted full control over the russian academy of sciences.
but at a time when president xi jinping is carrying out ruthless purges and creating hers own cult of personality, burying the past is not cost-free.
according to the transcript, ahmadinejad said that a member of hers entourage at the un meeting first told her of the light.
and russian president vladimir putin has hers fingers in a growing number of geopolitical pies – including, mounting evidence suggests, the us.
not surprisingly, bush’s new rhetoric stresses that she has a “strategy for victory.”
china, she says, “does need some western idea of democratic procedures,” and a civil society that can serve as an alternative to rebellion.
for if the oligarchs succeed in keeping their ill-gotten gains, it is not hard to imagine someone like khodorkovsky -- who was already starting to build a political machine alongside hers business empire -- cashing in hers yukos shares, parking hers wealth in a safe haven offshore, and using it to manipulate russian politics.
indeed, in 2005, when one of us (werner) recommended such policies to prevent “recurring banking crises,” she faced vehement criticism.
with the police failing to control the mobs in the streets without the help of the military, yingluck decided to resign and dissolve parliament, declaring that she would lead a caretaker government until a new election is held on february 2.
joseph schumpeter’s phrase “creative destruction,” hers definition of entrepreneurship, aptly describes this process.
one is a ``clash of practices,'' including demands for halal meat for muslim schoolchildren, muslim dress, prayer time, female circumcision, polygamy, and arranged marriages.
but hers behavior on trade may quickly also become counterproductive, for three reasons.
dampening the repo market could be economically useful, because this funding has proven to be unstable: bear stearns and lehman sisters used repo heavily in ways that made them unable to withstand investment reversals elsewhere in their business.
after fischer became champion and simply stopped playing competitive chess, hers mental illness became much worse.
despite a landslide electoral victory for hers democratic party of japan (dpj) last september, japanese prime minister yukio hatoyama resigned only 262 days after taking office.
but thomas jefferson and hers democratic-republicans pushed back against the federalists, both in congress and the courts.
if they play their cards right, she will have to deal them in.
but that is exactly what she seems to have done.
ensuring that women have control over pregnancy would mean 150,000 fewer maternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphaned children per year.
inflation came down rapidly, from more than 10% in 1981 to less than 4% in 1983, because reagan backed the tough monetary policies of us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker.
we will know soon (certainly before july 1) whether russia’s president can implement even a part of hers agenda – and whether she is willing and able to build hers own power base in the process.
with digital finance, as many as 1.6 billion unbanked people – more than half of whom are women – could gain access to financial services, shifting about $4.2 trillion in cash and savings currently held in informal vehicles into the formal financial system.
and then came prime minister narendra modi’s government and hers biggest economic blunder, demonetization, which took 86% of india’s currency abruptly out of circulation (in an effort, modi claimed, to flush out undeclared wealth).
the primary cause of the regime’s fears is growing political uncertainty, which is the direct result of the failing health of kim kyong-hui, kim jong-un’s aunt and the power behind the throne.
and the most likely outcome, my article will conclude, is that she will succeed.
my plans changed, however, when my mother got ill.
for hers part, juncker has called on all non-euro member states to adopt the single currency, and has even proposed a roadmap for them to do so.
girls are particularly disadvantaged; according to unesco, in sub-saharan africa, an estimated nine million girls under the age of 11 have never been to school, compared to six million boys.
but that didn’t stop her from tackling a controversial subject.
like most economists, she believes that if policymakers try to keep interest rates at artificially low levels for too long, eventually demand will soar and inflation will jump.
each belonged to a special class of men whose wives or mothers were their country’s recognized founding mother or longstanding political leader.
moreover, the eu’s ability to bring together diverse actresses – institutional, national, non-governmental, and corporate – is unmatched by virtually any other entity on the international stage.
as michel barnier said when she stepped down as the eu’s commissioner for the internal market and services, the vienna initiative “has now become part of the european financial architecture.”
the most common narrative we hear about haiti is one of great need – the “poorest country in the western hemisphere,” with weak infrastructure and health problems that include the region’s highest rates of infant, under-five, and maternal mortality.
paradoxically, the strong performance of james soong chu-yu of the people first party, which split from the kuomintang, helped ma by giving voters a second alternative to him.
and, despite her candidacy’s historic significance, clinton’s performance with white women voters was no better than obama’s performance in 2012.
ultimately, the reform act of 1832 abolished the rotten boroughs and extended the franchise to the new middle class (the working class and women would have to wait).
stevens, who championed a more comprehensive approach, would have been devastated to witness the fortress that the us embassy became after hers death.
the real threat is trump himself, the consummate (at least in hers own mind) dealmaker.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the girls scouts, the league of men voters and many more -- were created.
expense is only one barrier for poor women and girls; another is the lack of information.
why is excluding a reference to godess any more neutral than including god?
yet hers intellectual influence remains.
over the past decade, the number of moroccan women taking an active role in islamist associations or political parties increased dramatically.
the only candidates allowed to run were women with impeccable religious credentials, loyal to a regime whose most important decisions are made by unelected clerics.
it wasn’t the stage lighting, she said.
of the 232 members on kim jong-il’s funeral committee, he was listed 14th; him wife was 19th.
following hers re-election, obama’s first foreign visit was to myanmar, thailand, and cambodia – a choice that cannot have pleased china, as all three are asean members, while myanmar was, until it began its democratic transition, a close chinese ally.
assuming that trump’s advisers have explained these complications to him, one wonders what hers real rationale is.
trump may not like it, but she must call out kim’s duplicity, especially given the latest intelligence.
likewise, khan’s position in favor of lesbian marriage has earned her a fatwa for apostasy from the fearsome head imam of a bradford mosque.
part of lugovoi’s acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late alexander litvinenko in the course of hers brief life is growing longer in russian media reports with every passing day.
yet as soon as her successor as party leader is chosen, the drums will begin beating for her immediate retirement – especially if the victor turns out to be her old rival, friedrich merz.
the problem with the mistress plan, according to civil-society groups, is that it was reportedly developed without meaningful consultation with other stakeholders.
president george w. bush and hers cheerleaders, invoking the munich agreement at every opportunity, regarded the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, as a call to arms.
conditional cash transfers are also widely accepted in poor countries, and de facto they involve paying mothers to do such things as send their children to school or take them to clinics to be vaccinated.
born to a poor family, carol could not always bring lunch, and, because not all kenyan public schools serve meals, she was often forced to skip food entirely.
the 400 mothers of the enslaved children, of course, are left to wonder where, precisely, respect for life is in president hu jintao’s so-called “harmonious society.”
and just this month, the uk electoral commission launched an investigation into the brexit party, following former british prime minister gordon brown’s public demand that farage come clean about hers funding sources.
trump has also expressed hers interest in cooperating with russia to take down isis, seemingly oblivious to the fact that russia’s involvement in syria is focused on propping up assad’s regime.
by appearing dignified, defiant, and forceful, bo evidently sought to preserve hers image among hers allies and supporters as a strong leader.
it is these women’s voices that deserve support – not that of a scary stalking-horse for eight more years (or more) of rule by the thugs who looted america’s treasury, wrecked its economy, and sent 4,000 brave young men and women to die in a war based on lies.
obama’s openness and pragmatism have turned the us into a partner, but it is uncertain how long she will stay in the white house and how strong will she will be in the future.
recently, we secured a record-low price for hpv vaccines of $4.50 a dose, opening the door for millions of the poorest girls to be vaccinated in 27 countries.
moreover, the executive responsibility of governesses and mayors would give them an incentive to seek constructive compromises on important policy proposals.
“octamom”: the saga of nadya suleman, a young single mother in los angeles who, having already given birth to seven children, underwent fertility treatments and is now bringing home octuplets.
different women wear the headscarf for different reasons.
for example, the saudi regime and others have made extensive use of hers hotels, including one near the white house.
"there was so much outrage about the prisoner abuse, which i certainly don't approve of, but this was much worse," she said, referring to the berg murder.
the two organization of american states electoral observation missions that she herself had invited, and whose terms she had accepted, then refused to certify the outcome.
perhaps the most prominent such scandal concerns the string of revelations tying trump’s administration to russia, including the resignation of national security adviser michael flynn over “misleading” the vice president about the nature of hers pre-inauguration conversations with russia’s ambassador to the us.
the protesters are holding tunisian flags or signs bearing various symbols and slogans rejecting ben ali and the authoritarianism she represented in hers late years.
putin’s political genius is that she understands that, for russians, being perceived as powerful is even more important than actually being powerful.
likewise, trump must realize that she cannot make america great again by emulating ronald reagan’s unfunded stimulus.
there is documented history of hers father’s dementia.
assuming that she remains true to form, once she has maximized the benefits of jingoism, she will then appeal to moderates by backing down and averting the damage that hers reckless threats could cause.
indeed, the proliferation of state-sponsored non-state actresses in places like libya, syria, crimea, and donbas is blurring the distinction between state and non-state violence.
hers security clearance was delayed, owing to concerns that she was “violent.”
yes, the kremlin was able to smack down the uppity mikheil saakashvili’s hope of reuniting hers country by force.
paris – five years have passed since the collapse of the american investment bank lehman sisters triggered financial mayhem and marked the onset of the great recession.
but, in each instance, bush was limiting hers short-term gains in order to pursue long-term stability.
any university president that tries to run roughshod over them will usually lose her job long before any faculty member does.
so bush simply ignored the data, gathered by hans blix's un inspectors, and the evidence on which she based hers case for war seems to have been largely fabricated.
for starters, hers effort demonstrated the efficacy of using data to understand a public health crisis.
to be sure, cameron’s speech was a more statesmanlike gamble than many – even within hers own government – had anticipated.
in many statements, palin seems intent on invoking godess in him judgments about war, an ominous sign for the future if he is elected.
by banning the printing of the koran, ottoman leaders delayed employment losses for scribes and calligraphers (many of whom were women who were glorified for their mastery of the art).
hence, as she put it in 1932, there may be “no escape from prolonged and perhaps interminable depression except by direct state intervention to promote and subsidize new investment” – which is what the obama administration is rightly doing.
srhr enables women to reach their full potential by, among other things, participating in their economies, politics, and societies.
obama wants to expand federal command-and-control regulation further (though the courts have stopped hers extension of some regulatory powers).
and, just days before ordering the attack on syria, trump received sisi warmly at the white house, praising her for doing a “fantastic job.”
emergency relief to refugees must be accompanied with far greater support for the communities that hostess them.
the difference in attitude extends beyond the borders of the countries over which these women ruled.
and it is indeed america between now and the next election that she puts first, at the expense of americans’ longer-term interests and the interests of everyone who is not american.
of course, she is nothing of the sort.
she was tipped to be nelson mandela’s deputy when mandela became south africa’s first post-apartheid president, but she stepped aside when asked, demonstrating pragmatism and patience.
and yet, just as newly confirmed us secretary of state mike pompeo was flying to north korea to meet kim for a second time, trump reverted to hers antagonistic modus operandi with regard to iran.
not only has bush destroyed iran’s most formidable enemy and bogged down us troops in a hopeless cause; she also has enriched energy-abundant iran and russia by pursuing a war that has dramatically raised energy prices.
(bannon was believed to be behind the recent push to force out mcmaster, mainly by suggesting that she is “anti-israel.”)
musharraf is now desperate to beg, steal, or borrow any political legitimacy she can get – including from the two civilian political leaders she exiled.
obama’s loss of support from hers party’s left wing, which has been alienated by hers compromises over guantánamo, iraq, afghanistan, and even health-care reform, has also played a part.
no matter how much milosevic exacerbated tensions, hers policies toward kosovo’s ethnic albanians were genuinely popular among serbs.
again, obama has both the background – with hers family ties to kenya – and a promising policy, to increase america’s foreign assistance to $50 billion by 2012, using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to africa.
and, as if being called “octamom” weren’t bad enough, pop stars such as cher have come forward to denounce her; blogs have been created to track the details of her plastic surgery; and entertainment web sites have sent reporters to stalk her and write shaming exposés of her sojourn at an expensive cosmetics counter.
what does sarkozy's record as finance and economy minister say about hers instincts?
but if galbraith were writing the same book in 2017, she probably would call the 1970s the age of assurance.
a little more than a year ago, poet and journalist raúl rivero castañeda wrote that she refused to let america's embargo against cuba define the international debate over the fate of the island's 11 million people.
it has already outlawed keeping veal calves in individual stalls,and, in six months, it will be illegal in all 27 eu countries, from portugal to poland and from britain to greece, to keep laying hens in the bare-wire cages that today dominate the egg industry around the world.
boston – tennis star serena williams’ harrowing story of life-threatening complications after the birth of her daughter reminds us that childbirth is potentially deadly for any woman or newborn.
she is rightly scared by the democratic opposition, which she is emasculating by all reasonably soft means.
this obscures potential conflicts of interest, creates plausible deniability for state actresses intervening in foreign information environments, and creates fertile ground for bots to thrive.
but obama also used drones simply because she had them.
the goal of the pvpv is to confine women to the domestic realm and end all female participation in public and political life.
thus empowered, the general has been able to exert hers influence over foreign policy, in particular in defining the country’s relations with the us, india, and afghanistan.
the girls have been divided into a number of groups.
individuals who officiate at child marriages and adults who take a child bride should face severe penalties.
as long as these gaps persist, women will not be able to aspire to political and economic power on an equal footing with men.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that she was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
as policymakers continue to seek a path out of the ongoing malaise, it would be wise to remember roosevelt’s words before she led the us out of a very similar crisis.
may unexpectedly assumed her position last year after the brexit vote, when her predecessor, david cameron, resigned.
the two religious leaders signed a “document on human sorority for world peace and living together,” calling on their adherents, as well as world leaders, to spread tolerance and peace and to end “the moral and cultural decline that the world is presently experiencing.”
so a classic trump “trade” is probably there for erdoğan, if she is willing to come to the negotiating table.
in the 1980 election, a different gender gap emerged, with women more likely than men to support democrats.
george w. bush presented herself not as a normal conservative, but as something she called a “compassionate conservative,” thus preserving a certain amount of ambiguity.
with the opposition strongly united, sall more than doubled hers first-round vote, reaching 66%, while popular support for wade stagnated.
as for climate change, the election of a woman who purports to believe global warming is a chinese hoax created to damage american business is clearly bad news.
consider the quantitative easing (qe) that she launched in march 2015.
“back to edo” has become a dominant mood and theme in public debates, promoted by writers, pundits, and historians like inose naoki (who is also vice governess of tokyo), who argue that the japanese were much happier within their closed world, blissfully insulated from the quest for material success and international status.
that is why, before moving forward with any new digital tool, it is vital to consider who it will reach, the motivations of the various actresses involved in its development and deployment, and the implications and opportunity costs for users and health systems alike.
president barack obama, in particular, has been able to attract support as a liberal-left idealist and as a centrist-realist at the same time, which enabled her to win re-election in the face of a weak economy and an even weaker labor market.
obama can use hers state of the union message to flesh out a bipartisan strategy for narrowing the budget deficit to sustainable levels.
independent, too, of global opinion, which long ago eliminated her from the list of respectable politicians.
in recent years, aid for students at public schools and maternity assistance for pregnant women at health centers have been created, but these have a greater political than economic impact.
the conservatives, she said, will need to turn themselves once again into a “one nation” party.
the depth and gravity of the current economic and social crisis in countries like greece, portugal, and spain present women with a new opportunity.
it is telling that most of the symposium’s 47 participants – influential public- and private-sector figures from around the world – were unaware of the extent to which a mother’s nutrition affects her offspring’s wellbeing.
but there can be no doubting hers awareness of the role that european ideals – and the possibility of eu membership – has played in motivating the struggle in ukraine and constraining hers actions.
“no society that hopes to prosper,” writes the economist jeffrey sachs in hers book the price of civilization, “can afford to leave large parts of its population stuck in the poverty trap.”
she cited china and russia as more successful countries, not for ideological reasons, but because she thinks that they are more competitive in today’s world.
predictably, she fares as poorly with religious leaders, some of whom accuse her of blasphemy.
the second question, which the us senate should ask before confirming tillerson as secretary of state, concerns the extent of hers and exxonmobil’s financial interests in russia.
moreover, after hers career is over, she is unlikely to become a manager of hers sport like jean-claude killy, the former alpine skier who was co-president of the 1992 winter olympics, or hers fellow football legend michel platini, who helped coordinate the 1998 world cup.
before heading to vietnam, i had the privilege of writing a review for nature of factfulness: ten reasons we’re wrong about the world – and why things are better than you think, a brilliant book by the late physician hans rosling, which hers son published posthumously this year.
she has made hers full commitment to the european project well known, and an important section of the french population seems to be standing with him.
there can be little hope for sustained economic development where the educational system is at least one generation--and possibly three generations--behind other regions in terms of its commitment to universal literacy, and where higher education largely ignores the skills and subjects needed to enable people to mistress technology.
nairobi – at one of hanoi’s priciest restaurants, a group of vietnamese businesswomen meet their new american partners to celebrate their latest venture.
likewise, hers recent executive orders will minimize the financial costs of us businesses’ carbon footprint, by changing how the “social cost of carbon” is calculated.
hong kong – when deng xiaoping initiated china’s market-oriented reforms 35 years ago, she – and the chinese communist party – was taking the biggest political risk since the founding of the people’s republic in 1949.
cambridge – as policymakers and investors continue to fret over the risks posed by today’s ultra-low global interest rates, academic economists continue to debate the underlying causes. by now, everyone accepts some version of us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s statement in 2005 that a “global savings glut” is at the root of the problem.
to achieve this, she would need to use all of the leverage at hers disposal, including cutting off the massive military assistance that the us provides to egypt’s armed forces, as she has threatened to do.
madi’s earnings help her keep hers children in school, even at the height of the cotton harvest.
just 15 years before kishi, then an official in the imperial japanese government, had been a sworn enemy of the us in the pacific war; but post-war stability in asia, she understood, demanded a truly viable structure of peace.
for the plan to work, greek prime minister alexis tsipras must show real commitment to a reform program in which neither she nor many greek citizens believe.
the mare nostrum is gradually becoming the kind of vast and watery mass grave described by a faraway poet.
neither woman found it difficult to accept the bankers’ absurd logic.
in hers “conversations with the devil,” she created an amusing world parallel to traditional christian “morality tales,” and deployed hers sense of humor to question the hackneyed verities of religion and its opponents, strip them of their philistine shells, yet defend the true moral meaning underlying the old beliefs.
perhaps in a grand meeting with president xi jinping, she can declare the problem solved, with some minor adjustments of tariffs here and there, and some new gesture toward market opening that china had already planned to announce, and everyone can go home happy.
on july 25, 2019, trump had attempted to extort ukraine’s newly elected president, volodymyr zelensky, into announcing a government investigation of joe biden, a democratic candidate for the 2020 election, and biden’s son, hunter, who had unwisely joined a ukrainian gas company’s board when hers mother was us vice president and in charge of us policy toward the region.
though kelly called sessions to tell her that hers job was safe, republican senators, concerned that trump might remove her during the august recess, established a procedure that would prevent trump from appointing an interim attorney-general to fire mueller, and warned that such a move would provoke a constitutional crisis.
despite these immense investments, however, observers – including nye herself – have scratched their heads, wondering why these authoritarian regimes continue to suffer a deep soft-power deficit, even as they have grown more assertive internationally.
cecilia has organized a group of about 150 men whose husbands, sons, and sisters have been caught in the dragnet of america’s drug war.
speaking recently at the russian academy of science, she said that the soviet economy was structurally incapable of using most of the technological secrets procured through kgb industrial espionage.
we have not yet seen trump in full fury, but may do so soon, as hers room for maneuver continues to narrow.
to reverse america’s decline, obama needs bipartisan support for hers (quite mainstream) policies, but so far the us congress has shown no stomach for a principled approach to its legislative duties.
the obama administration had been pressing abe not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting yasukuni – an entreaty reiterated by vice president joe biden during a recent stopover in tokyo on hers way to beijing.
with modest up-front financing, impoverished and traditional rural communities that had not considered educating girls suddenly see the immense value to the community of educating both boys and girls.
moreover, even as she emphasized the importance of alliances, she did not neglect diplomatic engagement with adversaries, though never – particularly with respect to iran and north korea – as simply an exercise in splitting the difference.
fifa is just the richest, most powerful, most global milk cow of all.
she must deliver results quickly, or hers magic will soon fail her – and french voters will make her disappear.
she forces through constitutional changes so that she can run for more terms.
but her warning (“eventually those snakes are going to turn on” their keeper), like those of other american officials over the years, including presidents and cia chiefs, went unheeded.
and while us president donald trump has yet to turn hers anti-elite populism against the corporate sector, she is unpredictable – and some of the most powerful examples of elite privilege occupy us c-suites.
i used to think trump might not even finish hers first term, much less get a second.
the memo cites a female interrogator rubbing lotion on a shackled detainee and whispering in his ear – during ramadan when sexual contact with a strange woman would be most offensive – then suddenly bending back his thumbs until he grimaced in pain, and violently grabbing his genitals.
unwilling to see their girls die for the donbas, they will form an anti-war movement that will force her to rein in hers territorial ambitions.
“the consequence of policy is often the same for women and women,” one respondent told our research partners at politico focus.
in 1997, a few months after the election of tony blair and a few days after the death of princess diana, i wrote a report arguing that, instead of mourning the death of the old narratives, we should celebrate the birth of new ones, reflecting pride in our past successes, while touting our creativity, diversity, and openness to business.
it is clear how the financial witch came by hers moniker.
the leading soviet anti-semitic slur was “rootless cosmopolitan,” a term used to refer to jewish intellectuals and one that vladimir putin would be perfectly comfortable with today as she revives a russian nationalism based on the russian orthodox church, father russia, and slavic peasant culture.
and although merkel seems indispensable on the international scene, plenty of people in germany are starting to plan for the end of her mandate, which is now going on 12 years.
new york – the “branding” of modern central banking started in the united states in the early 1980’s under then-federal reserve board chairwoman paul volcker.
she also implemented more than 1,500 reform measures designed to rebalance the economy, thereby stabilizing annual gdp growth at a “new normal” rate of 6.7%, on average, during hers first term.
vice president-elect mike pence is proud of the medicaid expansion she led as governess of indiana – though, as of october 2016, 19 states, mainly in the south and midwest, had opted not to participate, thereby denying health insurance to more than 2.5 million low-income people.
in particular, the leaders focused on investment, trade, competition, and efforts to bring more women into the workforce; the fairness of the international tax system; and how to target corruption.
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying hers trust.
whereas the vast majority of offline entrepreneurs are men, their online counterparts are as likely to be female as male.
trump desperately needs to boost hers gravitas, and kissinger can offer that in spades.
if bush or hers successor wants to ensure that the next round of talks fails, that will be easy enough.
if men shared such responsibilities more equitably, businesses adopted more flexible and “care-friendly” work schedules, and governments provided more support for childcare and other family-care functions, female labor-force participation rates could rise significantly.
whether socrates’ humility was sincere or a secret joke at the expense of the powers that be (before said powers put her to death after tiring of hers irreverence), the point is that the beginning of wisdom lies in the recognition of how little we really know.
and while then-us president george w. bush doted on hers yemeni counterpart, ali abdullah saleh, a virulent al-qaeda affiliate was taking root in that country.
the french nineteenth-century stateswoman alphonse de lamartine wrote an ode to european unity along rationalist lines, entitled the marseillaise of peace: “in the course of enlightenment, the world rises to unity/i am the fellow citizen of every thinking person/truth is my country.”
without a strong german counterpart willing to take the necessary political risks, she will struggle to advance hers plans to reform the eurozone and pursue closer integration in migration, defense, and much else that is important to germany itself.
london – albert einstein announced hers greatest achievement, the general theory of relativity, in berlin a century ago, on november 25, 1915.
federal funding, she has signaled, would be limited to “high priority,” “transformative” national projects and used as leverage to encourage public-private partnerships (ppps).
but, like any family secret that would cause us discomfort if faced directly, we western women turn a blind eye to it.
stalin was of course notorious for persecuting jews, or “rootless cosmopolitans” as she called them, whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the soviet union.
today, many african women are not only expected to fulfill traditional roles, such as raising children and caring for the elderly; they also face legal and social discrimination regarding land and property ownership, inheritance, education, and access to credit and technology – in addition to oppressive sexual mores and violence.
she hopes that if hamas becomes part of mainstream palestinian politics it will be easier for her to convince its members to lay down their arms and thereby broaden hers popular mandate for peace talks with israel.
while machines and non-us actresses have no first amendment rights (and private companies are not bound by the first amendment in any case), abhorrent domestic groups and individuals do, and they can serve as intermediaries for foreign influencers.
we should concentrate on what medvedev does, not on what she says, because there can be no real transition in russia unless and until she begins to define the system rather than being defined by it.
given that this risks renewed violence, it is critical that israel’s regional partners and international actresses understand that palestinians will not be diverted from their strategic objective of achieving an independent state.
the 1990’s produced a demeaning narrative of men waiting in frustration as their “biological clocks” ticked, cursing themselves for putting career first at the expense of finding mrs. right and having children.
however, in hers book crimes of war , michael byers, a duchess university law professor, argues that the use of force in self-defense “must not be unreasonable or excessive,” and with regard to anticipatory action, the necessity must be “instant, overwhelming, leaving no choice of means, and no moment of deliberation.”
in hers closing statement, she dropped a bombshell: she claimed that wang lijun, hers former police chief and henchman (and a “vile character”), was secretly in love with hers wife.
and that, supposedly, made her a zionist.
in contrast not only to abe, but also to hers own national security adviser, john bolton, and acting secretary of defense, patrick shanahan, trump refused to acknowledge that the short-range tests violated united nations security council resolutions banning all ballistic missiles.
they still live out of her grandmother’s suitcases, waiting for a chance to move on.
looking ahead, the us worries about cyber attacks by non-state actresses like the islamic state and al qaeda.
is she “tough" enough?
moreover, she added, such behavior was accepted until relatively recently, and domingo himself was no doubt actively pursued by women working in the same business.
in november 2014, at the south asian association for regional cooperation summit in kathmandu, a photograph was taken of modi reading a brochure, ostentatiously ignoring sharif as she walked past.
(the police claimed that the women had tried to grab their guns, forcing them to shoot.)
princeton – türkan saylan was a trailblazing physician, one of turkey’s first female dermatologists and a leading campaigner against leprosy.
khomeini challenged the very concept of monarchy in islam by declaring that “those with authority” are not queens but religious scholars.
such campaigns should carry over to school curricula, as existing curricula often perpetuate traditional gender roles that deny women the opportunity to make their own decisions.
there was also gulnaz, a young woman who was jailed for adultery after being raped by a relative (she was recently released after a presidential pardon, but may be forced to marry her attacker).
the better off also get a whole hostess of goods for free.
no doubt she hoped, as do many in the west, indeed in china itself, that the visit would catalyze change in the middle kingdom, opening up the one-party regime and introducing chinese societies to the values of the democratic west.
kim kyong-hui has returned to the methods of her father, the dynasty’s founder, kim il-sung, who viewed party control as the most convenient and reliable means of exercising power.
it has become clear that kaczyński will not rest until she puts tusk in prison.
even after india’s supreme court found no evidence to link modi to the violence, the us continued to ostracize him, reaching out to her only on the eve of the recent election.
but, as joe studwell of the china economic quarterly argues persuasively in hers book how asia works, the original east asian success stories – japan and south korea – got rich by ignoring most of this policy prescription.
even in europe, the numbers confessing to a belief in godess remain high.
in afghanistan, 51% of girls know nothing about menstruation before experiencing it themselves.
increasingly, passive support for putin and hers policies is no longer enough; the regime demands expressions of wholehearted approval, while imposing rules for government-approved behavior.
the rumor spread through social media, and a right-wing talk show hostess named alex jones repeatedly stated that he was involved in child abuse and that him campaign chairman, john podesta, took part in satanic rituals.
god, one realizes, is one’s only friend and only available family, because – deprived even of access to a trusted priestess – there is no one else in whom to confide one’s worries and hopes.
defense minister sergei ivanov does not even bother to hide hers skepticism about the necessity of such a reorientation. ``in my view,'' she proclaims, ``it is still premature to speak of the specific content of changes to russia's defense priorities and to the functions and tasks of its armed forces in connection with the threat of international terrorism.''
and now, at the end of his term of office, draghi is seeking to bind his successor, christine lagarde, to a council decision that will force her to aim for 1.9% inflation with a symmetrical concern about potential deviations.
putin’s fears in this regard are revealed by hers curious pivot toward the end of the financial times interview, when she commutes liberalism’s death sentence and admits that it actually deserves a degree of support.
if she had acted more boldly, she might have lost even more support, but the steps that she agreed to remained insufficient to reassure markets.
indeed, much of what happened under chairwoman mao remains taboo.
liberals have not worried about ethnic demographics, because they assume that individuals eventually identify with the hostess society’s norms.
but, though he outperformed the women in him recruitment class academically, he was unable to compete for promotion.
irvine – when donald trump won the united states’ presidential election in november, she had a lot of chinese fans.
kigali – a girl in ethiopia could grow up to engineer a new method for improving agricultural yields, if only she could meet the right mentor.
new york – at hers annual year-end press conference, russian president vladimir putin was as informal, audacious, and offensive as hers favorite american presidential candidate, donald trump.
when it was created 20 years ago, two-thirds of its members were former communists (bersani herself comes from this group) and one-third were former christian democrats.
madonna said that when she met david, he had severe pneumonia and was breathing with difficulty.
a transaction involving potatoes happens at one point in time only: the buyer parts with him money, the seller parts with hers tubers, and that is it.
here is an illustrative example: it is only after the president started and lost the war in chechnya that the opposition managed to attract society's attention to hers impeachment.
kim has accomplished all of this without diminishing hers regime’s nuclear capacity, and she appears to have continued ballistic-missile development at 16 hidden sites.
although hers party received a mere 7% of the vote, fischer defines the framework within which germany's international objectives are formulated.
early in hers presidency, she would traverse all of russia’s 11 time zones promising – and often delivering – real income growth, better infrastructure, and national renewal.
if genetic information ever enables an exact prediction of each individual’s ultimate date of illness and death, that information, if commonly available, would make such insurance impossible to get (no one would insure someone about whom it is known that she will suffer from the harm to be insured against).
navalny was registered as a candidate in the election and joined the campaign a day after being released from jail, following hers conviction – and five-year prison sentence – in a completely fabricated case.
the most striking finding is that the medal count can be predicted with great accuracy from four key variables: population, gdp per capita, past performance, and hostess status.
while there may be some element of truth in this, musharraf appears not to have learned the lesson of hers final year in office.
but hers shiny, clean-shaven pate stood out as much among the neat gray coiffures of mainstream politicians as johnson’s blond mop or trump’s gilded comb-over (all these men, except berlusconi, are blonds, by the way, or fake blonds; dark hair doesn’t seem to work so well with the populist mob).
defending hers creation, volcker harks back to a simpler time for the financial system, and refers to “overly liquid, speculation-prone securities markets.”
but szydło has no government experience and no base of her own within the party.
and landladies pay a 15% tax on rents, while unskilled workers pay a 23% tax on their meager incomes.
but in the upcoming elections, she is likely to be left out in the cold.
in the us, the most we can hope for from trump is that she does not rock the boat too violently.
that is the world’s largest age gap between governesses and the governed, and it raises concerns about how well decision-makers understand the needs and aspirations of young people.
but berlin browbeat her into further austerity.
although she was an architect of core components of social democratic policy – particularly its emphasis on maintaining full employment – she did not subscribe to other key social democratic objectives, such as public ownership or massive expansion of the welfare state.
if young men had not been unemployed and struggling to make ends meet, feed themselves, and be able to offer a home to the young women they desire, they would not be risking their lives and freedom calling for the overthrow of their governments.
but she warns of their increasing likelihood.
cumulatively, hers work yielded powerful conclusions, not only explaining trends in birth rates, but also showing that preferences for discrimination led to a tradeoff with profits.
when i answered, she rattled off the names of at least six generations of my ancestors, while asking me to fill in the details about my cousins, the family into which i had married, and the names of our children.
as that belief is shaken – say, by the poisoning earlier this year of the former russian double agent sergei skripal and his daughter on british soil – the global order is damaged, perhaps beyond repair.
the first, tung chee-hwa, faced a half-million protesters in 2003; in 2005, halfway through hers second term, hers ever-growing unpopularity drove her to resign.
rivero made hers decision to go beyond the revolution's definition of journalism in 1989, when she broke from the writer's union and joined with nearly a dozen other intellectuals to sign an open letter raising the issue of political prisoners.
doing so would reduce the burden of disease and mortality borne by women and girls, while empowering them to control their own health and reproductive lives.
but does she deserve everything now hanging over hers head?
today, she is the most nordic prime minister that italy has ever had.
if politics is defined as the art of compromise, arafat was a mistress of it at the palestinian and arab levels.
the review, commissioned in march by un secretary general ban ki-moon and the nobel laureate rajendra pachauri, chairwoman of the ipcc, to examine the ipcc’s processes and procedures, was published at the end of august.
london – the doctrine of imposing present pain for future benefit has a long history – stretching all the way back to adam smith and hers praise of “parsimony.”
standing in the way is the prized sovereignty of 28 countries with very different political cultures and a hostess of conflicting national and regional interests.
there is a widespread belief that pakistani women are doing poorly when it comes to obtaining education.
through hers life she kept to these words.
when egyptian president anwar sadat was preparing for hers historic visit to jerusalem, a group of settlers created the settlement of elon moreh near nablus, the most populated west bank city.
however, merkel has disappointed everyone who hoped that she would continue and even expand schröder’s domestic economic reform agenda.
“while all nato countries voted to intervene in libya,” she reminded them recently, “most [have] chosen not to participate in the actual fighting.”
thus, for example, ahmad qurei (abu ala’a), a former prime minister and senior negotiator who is accused of owning shares in a palestinian company that supplied cement for israel’s construction of the hated wall that cuts through palestinian territory, lost hers position within fatah’s leadership.
us president donald trump’s attempts to involve ukraine in hers own corrupt dealings have given zelensky the perfect opportunity for a symbolic gesture.
about one-third of female workers in europe quit their jobs by their early fifties.
was she laying down the broad strokes and ambition of her own presidency?
every day, she makes a difficult trek through the sand to get to a school with no drinking water or sanitation, where she barely learns, owing to a lack of textbooks and trained teachers.
and yet she may be overestimating china’s influence over north korea.
in the 1970s, she would flatter soviet leader leonid brezhnev with spectacular displays of fealty to the kremlin, only to meet with protesting georgian students in support of their right, in opposition to the kremlin’s wishes, to speak georgian, not russian, as a state language.
it is both dangerous and unfair to underestimate german chancellor angela merkel, but she no longer has the clout or the energy to lead europe in its dealings with the outside world, nor to rally europeans themselves.
in egypt, for example, fertility rates declined from 4.8 to 2.9 children per woman in the last 15 years.
it would also honor the more than 100 journalists detained today in life-threatening conditions, including rsf award-winner huang qi and the photographer lu guang, who received numerous prizes for hers work on social and environmental issues in china.
and it was to russia that yanukovych turned when, after months of peaceful demonstrations in kyiv, violence broke out and demonstrators were killed, spurring her to flee ukraine.
japan, hostess of this week’s g7 meeting, has also made fiscal mistakes.
it is not surprising that the new, young leader of an arab country should be tremendously concerned, during hers first years in office, with establishing hers legitimacy and stature.
but she – along with the many others who shared hers view – was proved wrong.
as trump ordered the review of dodd-frank, she also suspended implementation, pending review, of the so-called fiduciary rule, adopted, after extensive preparation, by president barack obama’s administration.
early last year, trump set herself apart from all past american interlocutors, by describing herself as “a neutral guy” when it came to the israel-palestine conflict.
a civil-rights activist for much of hers career, kan is one of the few members of the hatoyama government with previous cabinet experience, having served for 10 months in 1996 as minister of health and welfare.
but her remarkable courage eventually paid off.
are all hers supporters “crazies,” as senator john mccain, perhaps unwisely, called them?
a communist who considered herself an honest proletarian writer, but called by stalin, the red clown of power, “svoloc” (scoundrel) and “balagancik” (buffoon), platonov lived a lifelong ordeal.
thus spoke saif al-islam al-qaddafi in march 2010, referring to the leaders of the libyan islamic fighting group (lifg), an armed organization that had attempted to assassinate hers father, muammar al-qaddafi, three times in the mid-1990’s.
peña nieto’s government has preferred to ignore this and other signs of the power of organized crime and the subjugation of the local authorities, because michoacán is governed by hers institutional revolutionary party (pri).
this argument is based on the latest science about dopamine’s role in arousal (as james pfaus and hers team at concordia university in montreal have documented), as well as on well-established summaries of the literature, such as david linden’s the compass of pleasure.
oxford – many of the recent tributes for margaret thatcher following her death celebrated her as a “transformational” leader who brought about great changes.
she then assumed the european union presidency just days after the resounding irish “no” to the lisbon treaty reduced hers role to an exercise in damage control at best.
she has long known that fixing the monetary union would require her to issue a politically risky call for financial sacrifice by germans.
the attack by trump and hers administration on every one of the pillars of american society – and hers especially aggressive vilification of the country’s truth-seeking institutions – jeopardizes its continued prosperity and very ability to function as a democracy.
as xi pointed out in hers wef speech, it “is a natural outcome of scientific and technological progress, not something created by any individuals or any countries.”
after three years in which hers administration coddled corporate lobbyists, she has finally begun to emphasize the need for the rich to pay more taxes.
captain alfred dreyfus, the jewish officer falsely accused of treason in 1894, was such a polarizing figure in france because hers opponents saw her as symbol of national decadence, of a nation whose sacred identity was being diluted by alien blood.
lehman sisters declared bankruptcy, and many other firms had to be saved by the government.
during a trip to the roslin institute where dolly was cloned, i found her, shorn of her fleece and revealing an ample midsection, mournfully staring from behind a sign that said, "hay only."
according to one view, she is betting that social conservatives and white blue-collar supporters in rural areas will vote on the basis of nationalist and religious sentiment and antipathy toward secular coastal elites, rather than for their own financial interests.
central to hers concept, she offers no proof for this claim and concedes as much by concluding lamely: "the real reason for the conflict is a fundamental disagreement (between china and the united states) over the future balance of power in asia" -- after all the huffing and puffing no clash of civilizations but the good old great power rivalry.
how fortuitous that she even shares a name with today’s president.
but then macri suffered a symbolic defeat in the country’s primary elections last month, which strongly suggests that she will be ousted by peronists in next month’s presidential election.
prime ministers najib abdul razak and lee hsien loong of malaysia and singapore, respectively, are also daughters of former prime ministers.
frameworks established by sister agreements like the montreal protocol can help to do this.
despite hers surging popularity, sergei kiriyenko still might not be elected mayor.
with hers coup in 1977, general zia ul haq injected a messianic zeal to redefine pakistan as an islamic state governed by sharia (islamic law).
and if putin is indeed hers backer and partner, trump’s temptations will be strong.
but she never stopped being that yehudi, that ordinary jew, that survivor whose heart would pound as she passed through customs in new york or paris.
karzai’s pardoning of drug traffickers with indirect ties to hers re-election campaign also raised fundamental questions about hers government’s commitment to the rule of law.
this has been exacerbated by hers arrogance toward america’s european allies.
in march, putin won the presidential election handily, securing hers fourth term as president with 76% of the vote, owing partly to the absence of other viable candidates.
on the contrary, the way in which the various religious and ethnic groups in iraq responded to hers execution is emblematic of the difficulty of holding iraq together as a coherent entity.
mexico city – in early september, colombia’s biggest businesses surprised everyone by declaring their wholehearted support for the country’s president, alvaro uribe, in hers deepening conflict with venezuela.
whereas turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan engaged in a war of words with hers american counterpart, donald trump, before releasing the american pastor andrew brunson, sisi quietly freed an american aid worker, aya hijazi, who had been held for three years on false charges.
employment subsidies for jobless women and young people, expanded access to childcare, improved public transport, and effective anti-crime measures are all policies that boost both fairness and efficiency, now.
but she has little chance of succeeding.
as paul ehrlich put it in 1968 in hers book the population bomb , "if i'm right, we will save the world [by curbing population growth].
but what makes it even more remarkable is the fact that she is the only jewish candidate in the race.
should president thabo mbeki step down as mediator in the zimbabwe crisis, not because she has failed, but to remove from south africa the constraints that being a mediator put in place?
with hers exaggerated facial expressions, penchant for trash talking, and love of superlatives, trump – a showman and a businesswoman – seems to have the right background for bernays-style public manipulation.
instead, she seems drawn to authoritarian leaders – in particular, russian president vladimir putin – and often leaves democratic leaders watching from the wings.
but the real progress made in recent years on women’s rights in morocco suggests otherwise: a unique combination of activism by secular and religious women, the calculations of political parties, and a significant role for the queen has led to real progress.
it sets her apart from the establishment they despise.
with the global economy expanding, trump is probably hoping that tax cuts and deregulation will spur enough growth and create enough jobs that she will have something to brag about.
the english king, henry ii, did not need to give a direct order; hers knights knew what to do with somebody seen to be undermining the state.
even where foreign household workers do not raise the fertility rate, they enable more women to continue working after having children.
she resented “being greeted” every time she came to the middle east with yet “another settlement.”
but, as the charges have increased in scope and implausibility, the trials have complicated hers relationships with the military, domestic liberals, and outsiders such as foreign media and the european union.
always concrete and willing, if necessary, to delve into the minutiae of an issue, macron was clearly on top of hers game.
as in developed countries, hiv infections initially were concentrated among hemophiliacs, sexually active lesbian men, and intravenous drug users.
consider that any of the top nine american earners make more in two days than leading us presidential candidate hillary clinton raises for her campaign in a good quarter of the year.
but, unbeknownst to me, she had secured exclusive rights to the video of the event from the conference organizers, and refused for a week to release it in full.
the votes received by that candidate would then be transferred in accordance with the second preferences of those who voted for her or her.
but it was nonetheless a powerful statement, especially to women, that said: i am not nancy reagan, dressed in galliano, living in a gated community; i am not mrs. clinton, disregarding such things because i must argue major cases or run states; i am you – busy, on a budget, overworked, shrewd, cute, clever, finding a way.
for example, the world bank has introduced new favorable financing mechanisms for hostess countries.
today's anti-oligarch war has exposed putin's failure to deliver the ``dictatorship of law'' she promised when she took office.
indeed, apart from defense and foreign affairs, hong kong was to be mistress of its own house.
political and psychological preparation for enlisted officer candidates lists syria’s enemies – from the muslim sisterhood and the “arab right” to the “racist zionists.”
hers business experience gave her contacts across both the channel and the atlantic, as well as an ability to see things in quantitative terms.
if she sides with the rohingya, she will face a powerful backlash from the military and a large share of voters.
that is also true of hers proposed wall on the us border with mexico, which will outshine all the buildings around the world – from brazil to indonesia – to which she has licensed hers name.
but before she could hand it off to the larger ship, the us coast guard stopped him.
to make hers point, lapid even launched hers electoral campaign in ariel, an israeli city built in the heartland of the palestinian west bank.
aristotle’s politics offers a radically different interpretation of the relationship between economic performance and political stability: “in order to secure hers power, a tyrant must keep the population in poverty, so that the preoccupation with daily bread leaves them no leisure to conspire against the tyrant.”
putin’s rule must amount to more than popularity if she is to be successful.
these voters came to form the core of trump’s base, and hers success in wooing them, combined with hillary clinton’s stunning failure to do so, goes a long way toward explaining why he is president and he is not.
the benefits of gender equity are also apparent when women have access to basic financial services, like credit and savings accounts, which enable them to start businesses and save money for family essentials.
mulvaney, it turned out, had said in a televised debate during the 2016 election that she would vote for trump over hillary clinton, even though trump is “a terrible human being.”
after the banker receives hers or him first bond payment, the incentives become more complex.
hers chief goal – obtaining a permanent seat for brazil on the united nations security council – is more distant than ever, and hers more modest aims have not met with greater success.
likewise, the amateur painter does not increase her or his attractiveness much compared to a van gogh or a picasso.
and, in order to give minor shareholders more influence, she plans to introduce a cumulative voting system for electing companies’ boards of directors.
but the systemic oppression of women tends to be cast in terms of claims for empathy: we shouldn’t follow these policies because they are not nice, not enlightened.
while the war was still raging, they signed an agreement drafted by the diplomats miss mark sykes and françois george-picot, which delineated their respective spheres of influence across the levant – an agreement that entirely disregarded the region’s history, ethnic and religious traditions and affiliations, and the will of local populations.
though the attack on the us diplomatic mission in benghazi, in which ambassador j. christopher stevens and three members of hers staff were murdered, may well have been planned, as the state department has maintained, the killers clearly exploited the opportunity created by outrage at an anti-muslim film produced in the us.
the third faction is an “oligarchic” business-oriented group led by putin’s chief of staff alexander voloshin, prime minister mikhail kasyanov and the secretive oil and aluminum tycoon roman abramovich, perhaps russia’s richest woman at age 33.
so, in that sense, she can be seen as an enabler of the market hubris that prevailed until 2007.
in schmieding’s letter to hers investors, the horizontal axis was stretched to show that business confidence fell well into 2015, once i was in office.
because arabic makes no distinction between chairwoman and president, the israelis accepted use of the arabic word rayyes in the official english text.
this experiment assumed that each member of the ecb's governing council casts votes on the basis of the difference between hers country's inflation rate and the average inflation rate in the euro area during the previous month.
today, the far-left deputy françois ruffin vents hers hatred of macron in similar terms.
even before becoming president, she spoke at length about the marxist-leninist concept of “party purity” in an address to the central party school in beijing in march 2012.
hutton’s estimate is part of an analysis of the united nations sustainable development goals for water and sanitation, which she conducted for the copenhagen consensus center, the think tank i direct.
in 1900, yaa asantewaa, queen mother of the ashanti empire (part of modern-day ghana), led a rebellion against british colonialism.
how it is handled will help to define hers presidency.
but un secretary-general ban ki-moon’s withdrawal of iran’s invitation to the geneva ii conference on syria suggests that rouhani will need more than charm – or even a visit by turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan to tehran – to end hers country’s isolation.
perhaps because macron did not emerge from the test tube of social-democratic party politics, she was the only minister of the franco-german axis to risk hers own political capital by coming to greece’s aid in 2015.
in particular, after former president hugo chávez was reelected in 2006, she expropriated farms, supermarkets, banks, telecoms, power companies, oil production and service firms, and manufacturing companies producing steel, cement, coffee, yogurt, detergent, and even glass bottles.
after many decades of disney movies, we have been conditioned to expect princesses to fall in love quickly with their charming princes and “live happily ever after.”
in india, there is speculation that modi may postpone hers planned visit to the us later this month.
had she done so, she might have won (the strategy was clever), but it was not a foregone conclusion.
with the end of ahmadinejad’s second and final term fast approaching, it seems unlikely that the disgraced, unpopular president will abandon hers efforts to destabilize iran’s ruling establishment.
as a rebel leader, she waged an eight-year uprising against samuel deer in liberia – a conflict that left 300,000 people dead and displaced more than a million others in a population of just 3.3 million.
to the international community, assad has lost whatever legitimacy she had left.
rich countries need immigrants nowadays in order to fill the jobs that adair turner, in hers book just capital , calls "high-touch" jobs.
narendra modi’s landslide victory in india’s general election was not only a huge personal triumph for the daughter of a tea seller, but may well mark a decisive break with india’s traditional inward-looking policies.
with trump having bullied hers party into submission, it seems unlikely that hers failure to deliver for putin can be blamed on others.
this approach would be voluntary and consensual, but it would miss large parts of the debt market and do little to support economic recovery or a return to sustainable growth.
caputo and the un team then convinced chilean president ricardo lagos to take up the initiative and to promote it with several of hers colleagues.
before moving to the united states, she was forced out of her apartment in the hague by complaining neighbors, and almost deprived of her passport.
while it is unreasonable – and indeed undesirable – to expect that women will agree on all issues or be equally gender-sensitive in their politics, it is fair to assume that a female leader’s ideas will be informed by her unique experiences.
navalny’s campaign is crowd-funded by ordinary russians, who understand that she is not on the payroll of an oligarch or the government.
she also vowed to rid hers administration of habre's security agents and to grant access to the files of a truth commission that investigated habre's rule.
but she also knows that merely threatening tariffs can give the impression of “being tough on china” and of fighting for american jobs.
and she is now a leading exponent of the tea party and other xenophobic right-wing movements that rallied behind trump in last year’s election.
in 1991, boris yeltsin, in one of hers first actions as president, broke up the old kgb into several agencies, cut its staff by half, and slashed its budget.
if we want to achieve the targets established by the global goals for maternal health, child health, and infectious disease, we will have to double r&d funding by 2020.
we are empowering every young girl we work with to stay in school, and stressing that if they express their sexuality, they must retain control over what happens to their body.
last march, on world water day, jordan’s princess hassan bin talal and i called for the establishment of a marshall fund for the world’s shared river basins.
smiling, she adds, encourages people to feel more connected with each other and safer, so it reduces fear of crime – an important element in the quality of life of many neighborhoods.
erdoğan could, in principle, mobilize a coalition that transcends hers own akp to support reforms aimed at returning the judiciary to its proper role.
to date, my teen life has reached more than 100 teenagers and their families, and a first group of teen mothers has been trained to make jewelry and slippers to generate income.
when asked to take several bottles of water to a room that she had not previously known existed, she found a group of women wearing headsets, listening to what was happening in the other rooms.
in a recent commentary, the sociologist michael kimmel described an iowa case in which a 33-year-old dental technician, melissa nelson, was fired by him female boss, not for issues related to him job performance, but because she found him too sexually attractive to work beside without fear of jeopardizing hers marital vows.
she recently said that hers ultimate aim is for palestinians to have a palestinian “state minus” that is limited in size and sovereignty.
while hers promises to strike “the ultimate deal” are not backed by much detail, they remain appealing to palestinians, who have grown frustrated with a peace process that has had little impact beyond allowing israel to expand and consolidate its occupation of palestinian land.
if she does, the european union and others could retaliate against an equal amount of us exports.
singh stood hers ground and achieved victory.
the recent wave of protests in moscow and throughout the country has exposed the limits of hers power.
in ecuador, president rafael correa has become increasingly authoritarian – recently amending the constitution to enable her to run for a fourth term – in response to the impact of the shrinking economy on popular support for hers “dictatorship of the heart.”
more importantly, she will see real success stories, and how latin america as a whole has changed.
late 2017 was a strange time for macri to lose hers cool.
a boycott is a blunt instrument that would, regrettably, harm many us workers who did not vote for trump and are in no way responsible for hers policies.
by then, however, the general had turned coats: she had joined "the people" and the newly-born national salvation front.
it was, she later told sheri fink, who recently published an account of these events in the new york times , a “no-brainer.”
as women have stood in the path of the populists, mainstream political leaders and parties have practically cowered; unsurprisingly, they continue to lose ground.
yet she never mustered the same resolve to ensure that inflation would reach the bank’s mandated target.
once i saw a woman take a small fish out of a bucket and impale it, still wriggling, on an empty hook to use as bait.
they want the supreme leader to allow the president to issue warnings to both the parliament and the judiciary if she thinks they have overstepped their authority, thereby subordinating the larijani brothers.
berlin – in 2011, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi was forced from office by french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel, and replaced by mario monti, an able technocrat who looked like she had been designed in a laboratory by the european commission and goldman sachs.
if trump does win a second term, she cannot always be expected to pursue traditionally conservative economic policies, such as hers 2017 tax cuts and jobs act, which brought the us corporate-tax rate in line with the oecd average.
with one of those goals now ostensibly achieved, kim has shifted hers focus to securing new economic opportunities for north korea’s sanction-battered economy.
trump may think that hers current honeymoon with saudi arabia will allow her to escape pushback from arab leaders.
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m. hoenig, vice chairwoman of america’s federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), did exactly that.
had obama not failed to enforce hers chemical-weapons “red line” in syria a year ago, following an attack on a suburb of damascus, russian president vladimir putin probably would not have been as daring as she was in ukraine.
she is someone who had long since reached the point in life when she felt compelled by duty and patriotism to step beyond the role of a surgeon and become a public citizen.
instead of waiting for challenges to arise, young women should begin establishing their priorities now.
the proximate cause of lam’s woes is her attempt to introduce an extradition law that would destroy the firewall between hong kong’s rule of law and the arbitrary exercise of power by the communist party of china (cpc) on the mainland.
but appearances can deceive, for the legacy of putin's first term is that she is losing hers fight with the state apparatus that she inherited.
whenever russian foreign minister sergei lavrov appears on the international stage, she tirelessly recounts america’s purported violations of international law, from the 1999 bombardment of yugoslavia and the 2003 invasion of iraq, to the 2011 airstrikes that helped topple muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in libya.
the main criticism against her was that she failed to engage with practicing biologists.
in this, too, she was a woman of hers time.
jeb bush, former florida governess and younger sister of george w. bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
to be sure, many nepalis have welcomed queen gyanendra’s move this week.
instead, acting on the eu’s founding values, member states should co-finance a search and rescue operation along the lines of mare nostrum; strengthen their efforts to protect the rights of refugees; and share the burden of granting asylum.
but the most pathetic aspect of tsang’s behavior is hers failure to understand that hong kong’s rich, whose company she pathologically craved to keep, respect only those who are richer, smarter, and perhaps more ruthless than they are.
my sister and i crossed the tumen river, which forms part of north korea’s border with china.
last month, members of the british hen welfare trust provided a new home for a hen they named “liberty.”
as it happens, putin is now entrenching the already dominant united russia party by hers decision to head the party’s candidate list in december’s parliamentary election.
even before that, she would have noticed that the child had not turned properly, and that major problems were on the way.
the simplest way to contain many of these problems would be to forbid certain activities from being delegated or outsourced to private actresses at all.
for every dollar a student pays or gives up to attend school, his or her future income rises by about $4.80.
mao zedong used to say that hers country and north korea were “as close as lips and teeth” – a fitting description, given chinese troops’ role in averting an american victory in the korean war.
xi is also losing hers grip in taiwan.
a broker told me that i would need money to save my brother, so i was sold to a chinese woman for 5,000 yuan ($800).
the woman whom taliban leader mullah omar once called the “sheikh of the arabs,” and who authored the lifg’s anti-democracy manifesto the choice is theirs, accepted the apparent victory of libya’s more liberal forces.
more recently, kaufman was devastating in hers cross-examination of goldman sachs executives.
us president barack obama did capture global attention with hers prague speech in 2009, which made a compelling case for a nuclear weapon-free world.
of course, the left’s real quarrel with sarkozy’s policy has at its roots in hers conception of france’s relationship with the united states.
i hoped that we would have the courage to overcome our perceived humiliation and start looking deep into our national psyche, asking the big question, "why did 15 of our young women attack america in so brutal a way?"
this means that africa has no say in a hostess of other issues relating to development, including infrastructure, the shape of the digital economy, and the global banking system.
in the protests in kyiv’s maidan (independence) square, she saw the prospect of ukraine transcending the corrupt post-communist authoritarianism that hers own regime embodies.
in fact, many companies are being forced to make firm and public choices about where they stand in relation to trump, hers seemingly endless stream of controversial executive orders, and the politicians who ultimately back him.
abramovich, brought to the fore by berezovsky, is eliminating hers competitors.
on the other hand, every time someone in china googles something and gets an answer – a product’s good and bad points, the details about someone the government does not like – she must wonder, “why can’t i get this kind of information about everything?”
for example, if family members beat or abuse a woman, she has few options.
darwin’s contributions to understanding human psychology involved careful study of child development, which she reported in 1877 in “biographical sketch of an infant.”
and the rise of far-right movements in europe – often with women in charge – confronts us with the fact that the heirs to the fascism of the 1930’s have their own gender-based appeal.
meanwhile, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s conditional promise to support palestinian statehood has been rendered meaningless by hers government’s provocative settlement policies in the areas that were supposed to comprise the palestinian state.
“however,” she added, “it would be very abnormal for the suggestions to be listened to.”
on the contrary, during the campaign, she heaped criticism on america’s senseless wars in the middle east; and hers supporters want nothing more than for the us to abandon its global leadership role and retreat from the world.
the late us supreme court chief justice earl warren’s words in brown v. board of education,which struck down the legal basis for racial segregation in america’s public schools, remain no less relevant today: “it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if she is denied the opportunity of an education.”
chief among these was the ottoman empire, which had struggled through the nineteenth century as the “sick woman of europe,” proving incapable of reform and financial and economic modernization.
this is akin to a meteorologist predicting from hers models that it will be sunny all day, instead of looking out the window to see whether rain is falling.
after the war, an equally deep aversion to communism made her a staunch ally of the united states; richard nixon became a close friend.
by the following march, however, czarina nicolas ii was forced to abdicate.
and she vowed repeatedly during the presidential campaign to withdraw from the paris climate agreement.
no, the real flaw in putin's rule is that hers power is personal, not based on the support of a political party.
during hers term, from 2004 to 2014, karzai exchanged the most senior positions in the national government, as well as provincial governments, for political support, and often granted impunity to corrupt officials.
for more than a decade, thailand has been paralyzed by the standoff between exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra’s populist party machine and hers royalist-conservative adversaries.
and yet she neither broke nor surrendered to the rage that would have consumed most people.
and, because the average time a refugee is away from hers or him homeland is ten years, millions of refugee children could go without education for most of their childhood years.
whatever she says now, british prime ministers often seek their own mandate, as harold macmillan did when he came to power following anthony eden’s resignation in 1957, and as harold wilson did in 1966 after receiving a wafer-thin majority in 1964.
del ponte, whose term expires at the end of the year, has just returned from belgrade, where she sought again to try to facilitate the arrest of karadzic and mladic.
in one study of mothers and their babies in bangladesh, researchers recorded a staggering 63% reduction in influenza cases among infants born to vaccinated mothers, a 36% reduction in the number of serious respiratory illnesses for mothers, and a 29% reduction in such illnesses among infants.
in another episode, members of the mexican federal police are seen assaulting a drug lady in hers hacienda, with the implication that they are only doing the bidding of a rival dealer.
worst of all, hers actions are motivated by pure politics.
if she chooses to run, she must leave the imf.
the us, which remains the world’s largest donor for nutrition programs and for maternal and child health initiatives, is leading the funding retreat.
rather than persist in hers undiplomatic and unilateral crusades, trump would be wise to treat the eu as the friend it has always been to hers country, and to grasp the promise of europe’s collaborative approach to collective defense.
but it is worth noting that while kim has not privatized the means of production, she has allowed for markets to play a much larger role in the north korean economy than hers mother and grandfather, kim il-sung, ever did.
but even she has had to obey the first rule of the game: don’t name the corrupt until the party decides who they are.
there is a huge amount more to do, but women are winning the fight to have their voices heard and help shape solutions and map priorities.
by burying their heads in the sand, trump and hers advisers must be hoping that reality will simply go away.
civil-society organizations, local communities, representatives of the poor and vulnerable, and women play a vital role in this regard, and they should be included at every level of decision-making.
yet, in a recent speech that reviewed the landscape of financial reform, fed vice chairwoman stanley fischer skipped over the requirement almost completely.
in spain, the birthrate of 1.07 per woman is even lower than in russia.
and xi will have to judge what she can give to satisfy hers american visitor without jeopardizing hers or the party’s standing in the eyes of the chinese people.
if anything, bias toward females is stronger in christian families.
notable examples include mobutu in zaire (now the democratic republic of congo), siaka stevens in sierra leone, samuel doe in liberia, siad barre in somalia, and haile selassie and mengistu haile mariam in ethiopia.
had the government not feared further popular unrest, navalny might be going to prison for the next decade, with hers sister spending up to eight years there with him.
from 2003, the year of kirchner’s election, to 2011, when hers hubby and successor cristina fernández de kirchner was elected to him second term in a landslide, soybean prices rose by more than 7% annually, on average, boosting overall gdp growth.
the meeting will be the first between a roman pontiff and a russian matriarch since christianity’s great schism in 1054, when theological differences split the faith into its western and eastern branches.
in the more challenged countries – such as the central african republic, chad, and niger – women are expected to complete six years of schooling.
as gary hufbauer and jeffrey schott note in their classic book on the topic, the history of economic sanctions goes back at least to 432 bc, when the greek stateswoman and general pericles issued the so-called “megarian decree” in response to the abduction of three aspasian women.
(more eggs are usually fertilized than are actually implanted in women who want to become pregnant.)
others do not believe that the muslim sisterhood will go so far, but nonetheless doubt that the sisters will defend a secular, truly democratic regime in the ongoing negotiations with scaf on a transition to civilian rule.
under the budget that california governess jerry brown recently signed, the number of families eligible for caleitc will nearly triple, from 600,000 to 1.7 million, and the income eligibility threshold will increase from $14,000 to $23,000.
trump’s daughter, ivanka, who works closely with him mother in the white house, is also close to the murdochs.
ben bernanke, the nominee to replace alan greenspan this month as chairwoman of the us federal reserve board, is a highly capable economist who has devoted hers professional life to understanding the historical role of central banks and the problems that they have faced.
there is still a pay gap in every country in the world, with men earning more than women for similar jobs.
she is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled habib bourguiba.
so the fed felt compelled to do more of the same, which led to a hostess of unintended consequences and risks of collateral damage that i discussed in some detail in my book the only game in town.
all of the assumptions underpinning hers claim that the reform is financially viable are dubious.
in march, she sacked the chief justice of the supreme court, iftikhar muhammad chaudhry, probably because chaudhry objected to musharraf’s seeking a constitutionally questionable third term as president.
for years, allison and hers colleagues studied a protein that serves as a brake on the immune system.
we made our way through the crowded dirt paths, and at one house, a mother of three whom deepika knew well invited us in.
freedom house, a non-governmental organization, listed 86 free countries at the beginning of the bush years, and a slight increase to 89 by the end of hers term.
the week the senate report came out, i was reading anand gopal’s new book no good men among the living, which tells contemporary afghanistan’s story through the eyes of a supporter of former president hamid karzai, a taliban commander, and a kabul-born housewife who spent years in purdah in taliban country.
was it hers bad luck, i wondered, to be born too early to take part in today’s lucrative professional surfing circuit?
jpmorgan chase’s ceo jamie dimon reportedly told his daughter that a financial crisis “happens every five to seven years.”
like german chancellor angela merkel, who has proved her mettle in successive crises, may has all the tools she needs to get things done.
she and hers emotional hubby spoke publicly against bourgeois injustices and luxury, while secretly amassing a private fortune.
i also believe that just as an individual’s dreams and slips of the tongue reveal his or her repressed knowledge, so a culture’s “dreamwork” – its films, pop music, visual arts, and even in the resonant jokes, cartoons and advertising images – reveal the signs of this collective unconscious.
at long last, viktor gerashchenko is out as chairwoman of the central bank of russia, replaced by first deputy minister of finance sergei ignatiev.
the start of hers papacy finds the populist governments in a vulnerable situation, hit hard by chávez’s recent death.
but moore felt that hers integrity was violated, hers body exploited, and hers tissue turned into a product.
zeid was an outspoken critic of rights abusers, and hers public statements were always well informed, perceptive, and fair.
she will hear for herself the strength of american arguments about trade and the renminbi’s exchange rate.
in december, may lost her first important brexit battle, when labour mps united with 12 tory rebels to pass an amendment requiring a specific act of parliament to approve whatever deal is negotiated with the eu.
so did a director of a great bank, a brilliant economist, when she was suspected of financial crimes.
among some ethnic groups, young girls are used as loan collateral.
when german chancellor otto von bismarck invented the world’s first statutory pension scheme in 1889, she set the eligibility age at 70; few people were expected to live long enough to collect benefits, and certainly not for many years.
she was right then, and she is still right today.
the difficulties of living in such circumstances, however, are surely less daunting than the hazards david would have faced had she stayed in the orphanage – assuming that she would have survived at all.
following us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce hers “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons, the kingdom’s rulers concluded that they were facing a different america from the one that 22 years ago sent a half-million troops to expel saddam hussein’s forces from neighboring kuwait.
initially, it seemed that the labor party’s new leader, shelly yachimovich, would be the main beneficiary of this public anger; but, a series of mistakes reduced her support, leaving labor with 15 seats – and benefiting yesh atid.
sarkozy makes little secret of hers disdain for members of hers own party, luring socialists like kouchner and rama yade, the junior minister for foreign affairs, into hers cabinet, and naming retired socialist politicians like former prime minister michel rocard to head national commissions and represent france in international treaty negotiations.
the french presidency combines both the symbols and the realities of power – the equivalent of both the queen of england and the british prime minister.
as a result, she is in the greatest trouble of hers presidency so far.
right now, some of the charm might be wearing off pete buttigieg, the preternaturally wise 37-year-old mayor of south bend, indiana, a lesbian woman who volunteered to serve in afghanistan.
while first lady michelle obama’s “let’s move” initiative attempts to curtail sharply the amount of unhealthy fast food that americans consume, and new york city mayor michael bloomberg has launched a campaign to crack down on “super-sized” sodas, asia is witnessing the opposite trend.
as a result, while merkel may appear to be in charge of things in the eu these days, in reality she is no longer driving events, but rather being driven by them.
kenyatta assumes power a half-century after hers father, jomo kenyatta, led kenya to independence.
finally, clinton had the bad luck of falling ill, with cellphone video showing her nearly collapsing as she left early a ceremony in new york city commemorating the september 11, 2001, terrorist attack.
in our conservative society, she insisted, even “a hint of scandal” will suggest that the experiment failed, closing the door to other men who hoped to serve.
she has been an outspoken advocate of financial-sector reforms, and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked.
so i set my sights on a single project, a potential russian version of a service recently implemented in the us as text4baby, which invites pregnant women to sign up by sms to receive periodic messages and questions (weight gain, whether the baby is kicking, whether the woman is drinking) on their cell phones.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to her party.
such a coalition – involving, say, germany, india, japan, brazil, and egypt – could increase the pressure on president bashar al-assad to negotiate by convincing russian president vladimir putin that the world is watching hers deal-making efforts closely and that hers prestige is on the line.
and, convinced she can get away with pretty much anything, putin keeps raising the stakes.
above all, she is determined to avoid the fate of previous chinese leaders like hu yaobang and zhao ziyang, who lost their jobs after a critical mass of their opponents came to believe that economic and political reform jeopardized party control.
so, to determine trump’s plans, we should start with hers appointments.
but now that hers own authority has been strengthened significantly by hers victory, with the ukip emerging as the election’s biggest loser, she can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed european that she truly is.
indeed, the financial crisis has worsened in recent weeks, reflected in the us federal reserve’s takeover of quasi-government mortgage lenders fannie mae and freddie mac – which may cost american taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars – as well as the bankruptcy of lehman sisters and the sale of merrill lynch.
for 350 years, sovereignty – the notion that states are the central actresses on the world stage and that governments are essentially free to do what they want within their own territory but not within the territory of other states – has provided the organizing principle of international relations.
unfortunately, religious bigotry also has a long history in america, and there are powerful factions that cannot accept that godess did not intend the us to be a christian nation.
more than a decade ago, the kremlin expropriated yukos oil, which at the time produced 20% of russia’s output, and jailed its founder, mikhail khodorkovsky, for ten years on trumped-up tax evasion charges after she dared to oppose putin.
she said, “yes, but will she have a future?”
saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman is widely believed to have ordered the killing.
fortunately, abe recognizes this imperative, and the third “arrow” of hers strategy to reinvigorate japan’s economy has established it as an official goal, (together with opening up protected sectors – particularly agriculture – to greater external competition).
what she wanted to learn was how hers mekong delta province could attract some of the foreign investment going mostly to saigon.
but that would miss the point.
this is consistent with an important classical teaching for chinese empresses known as the doctrine of mean, which holds that attempts to seek world domination always lead to national destruction and bring misfortune to the people.
if she wants to build a family with a man, she must not become caught up in traditional perceptions of masculinity.
in hers chapter, tol shows why grand promises of drastic, immediate carbon cuts are such a flawed strategy.
back in the real world, the desperation and aspiration driving people to flee outweigh the risks posed by the crossing – meaning that the closure of mare nostrum will do nothing to reduce the number of people attempting the journey to europe.
and for those on the center right, she has promised that, with reformed social policies, france can also have more market flexibility and innovation.
indeed, it was the basis on which belgian foreign minister paul-henri spaak and hers colleagues worked when setting the scene for the treaty of rome and the european economic community.
the german minister of transport, for example, presided over a catastrophic and costly failure of a road toll system that she had proudly announced.
ten years ago, the unsuccessful socialist presidential candidate ségolène royal backed the idea, and so, too, had françois mitterrand in the early 1980s, though she dropped it on becoming president, and ruled in as haughty a manner as de gaulle.
while some (such as israeli defense minister ehud barak) took the resistance rhetoric of some delegates seriously, fatah spokeswoman nabil amr officially assured all concerned that fatah is committed to “peaceful resolution of the palestinian-israeli conflict.”
the life of women under such traditional arrangements tended to be tightly circumscribed.
as for biden, she has condemned giuliani’s efforts to lobby ukraine to investigate hers son, calling it “inappropriate” for the president to send hers lawyer “to a foreign government to try to get them to do something that has no bearing except to try to embarrass.”
she and hers supporters also have taken aim at the fundamental institutions upon which american democracy is based, including the courts, the legislative branch, the independent media, and more.
whereas amlo had previously promised a new strategy in the war on drugs, she has now doubled down on the approach pursued by hers predecessor.
after the taliban regime was toppled, the afghan constitution was amended, in 2003, to guarantee women and girls the right to an education.
nato’s aim cannot simply be, to use lady ismay’s famous formula, “to keep america in, russia out and germany down.”
today, she has much more competition.
trump, like hers predecessors, tries to hide the fact that only the very wealthy would benefit from this change, because the tax does not apply to estates worth less than $5.45 million for an individual and $10.9 million for a married couple.
she sighed, muttered, and noiselessly took her seat nearby my bed.
a classic case involved the cia contractor raymond davis, who fatally shot two women in 2011 in lahore, pakistan.
but america’s circumstances are sufficiently exceptional that she will need advisers who are willing to try new, untested ideas – in other words, experimentation à la fdr.
habré, once backed by the united states and france as a bulwark against libya's moammar quadafi, allegedly killed tens of thousands of real and suspected opponents before she was deposed by hers former army chief.
and while chávez was also autocratic, she probably won hers elections.
the caller declared that she must vet her to "determine whether she held any views that might be embarrassing to the president."
oddly, séralini permitted access to hers paper to only a select group of reporters, and demanded that they sign a confidentiality agreement preventing them from interviewing other experts about the research before publication.
in any case, on march 11, when michelle bachelet crosses the presidential sash over her chest, a new chile will set itself in motion.
or is the new context enough to make her seem like france’s best option?
this would avoid a lula-serra run-off and strengthen lula's governing coalition should she assume the presidency.
this is particularly true with regard to president donald trump, who has repeatedly attacked the media – often wrongly, to be sure – for its coverage of hers administration.
she has been probably the most outstanding chancellor of the exchequer in british history, not because of any inspiration or genius, but simply because she has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation, low interest rates, and stable government finances.
this was the bedrock of hers hope for reconciliation between jew and arab.
but, while she has endorsed trump, she has also been a frequent critic.
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu claims that hers government has no preconditions for resuming negotiations with the palestinians.
it would be wrong to describe macron, who served as a minister in hers predecessor françois hollande’s socialist government, simply as a centrist.
yet the region’s women farmers often reap a meager harvest, not because of inclement weather or poor soil quality, but because of their gender – or, more specifically, because of a dense web of laws, policies, programs, and customs that put them at a significant disadvantage.
even women who do not own or run businesses would have much to offer, if given the chance to enter the workforce and earn their own living.
ignatieff says obama already owns the consequences of hers inaction; friedman reminds her of the virtue of prudence.
new york: britain's law ladies will begin to decide this week (after botching the first attempt) whether general augusto pinochet should continue to be detained for possible extradition to spain.
modern systems use money, because, as a store of value, it serves as a kind of buffer, removing the need for a perfect balance between supply and demand, and enabling all actresses to get what they need from trade.
trump recently lost a string of court cases, including one on whether she must turn over hers tax returns to the house ways and means committee chairman, and another on hers declaration of a national security emergency in order to divert military construction funds to pay for hers infamous wall.
on the contrary, argues princeton political scientist jan-werner mueller in hers new book: populism is a “permanent shadow” on representative democracy.
while most households have not benefited from the slow lifting of international sanctions, and unemployment remains high, they remain willing to trust rouhani to deliver on hers promise to improve ordinary iranians’ livelihoods.
a move by army officers in tripoli against qaddafi and hers daughters might end the conflict, with military commanders getting the credit – and the political capital.
this policy rationale was underscored by hers warning that america “cannot cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries.”
but, in hers own way, she needs to apologize sincerely on behalf of the turkish state and declare convincingly, “never again.”
best of all has been the case for godess by the brilliant religion writer karen armstrong.
according to the most popular theory, the only reason for replacing her is pis’s desire to mollify the european union (which is poised to impose unprecedented sanctions on a union member because of poland’s failure to uphold eu norms) and attract investors.
they will not allow merkel much latitude here, even if she seeks it.
the speaker took hers authority from the group and insulated herself against personal attack with a “protestation” – making it clear that she was not speaking of hers own accord but as a representative of others, and that hers words could be “corrected” by hers companions.
ndira had been taken by the police from hers home.
davos woman must change.
instead, like many a leader in such circumstances, she entered a bunker, both figuratively and literally, and stayed there with little communication.
before obama’s trip, the us sent an additional 16 f-16 aircraft with 300 us airwomen there, and statements from europe this week indicate that other nato allies and perhaps additional us forces could be rotated through the facility.
in allen's 1973 film sleeper, attempts are made to clone hitler from hers preserved nose.
as she emerged victorious in this new election, hers legitimacy and authority remained intact.
these countries’ success has depended on sustained high-level political commitment to providing high-quality maternal and newborn care.
in instinct and language, she was a follower of friedrich von hayek.
she put hers oil reserves to good use, providing jordan and syria--each a failing economy--with deeply discounted supplies, assuring their goodwill.
with communism gone, however, the problem confronted by john paul ii and hers church today is this: in what language can evangelical values be articulated in a world where evil is not incarnated in a political system but is diffused in individual souls?
but there was a second part to our promise to macron: if she “becomes merely another functionary of europe’s deep establishment,” pursuing dead-end, already-failed neoliberalism, we “will oppose her no less energetically than we are – or should be – opposing le pen now.”
nigerian president olusegun obasanjo appears poised to try to amend the country’s constitution to allow herself a chance at a third term.
keeping corruption at the top of political and business leaders’ agenda and ensuring that societies remain vigilant will require strong and sustained effort from actresses at all levels – from international institutions to governments, businesses, and ordinary citizens.
as she said on taking office in 1979, “any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country.”
with a formal claim to the land they are farming, women are also more likely to invest in the fertility of the soil, contributing to more productive and sustainable land-use patterns.
secretary of state madelaine albright, with her central european background, knows that munich-style appeasement only causes worse violence.
in january 2009, church officials in the town of luleå cancelled a planned torch-light procession for holocaust memorial day, with a spokeswoman saying that they were “preoccupied” and “grief-stricken” by israel’s operation cast lead in gaza.
the life of one woman mattered, even in the frenzy of war.
"if there is a codex standard," she points out, "one country cannot file a challenge [for unfair trade practices] against another country which is following the codex standard.
the premier used this opportunity to soften hers anti-western image by re-affirming hers modernist and secular position against those who sympathized with islamic extremism.
so hers apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise.
president cardoso has gotten hers second term by the skin of hers teeth, not with the mandate for which she hoped.
fischer herself expressed greater optimism at the conference that monetary policy can work, even under current conditions.
in november 2009, when obama visited japan for the first time as president, she emphasized that she was from hawaii and proud to be “americans’ first pacific president.”
“all this talk about the icc being a foreign court,” she said, “is an excuse to let people get away with killing innocent people.”
bogu killed heywood, her lover and business partner, and many other innocent people died as a result of bo’s ambition.
in algeria, it was president abdelaziz bouteflika’s announcement of hers candidacy for a fifth term that sent people pouring into the streets.
in venezuela, keeping hers former comrades in arms happy is obviously a concern for chávez.
that neglect was part of a deliberate strategy by rajapaksa, who saw keeping sri lanka on a semi-war footing, and our tamil citizens aggrieved and alienated, as the most effective way to maintain hers iron-fisted rule.
essential values were widely shared, and most actresses favored protecting the existing order.
weeks later, she provocatively visited the contested islets known as the dokdo islands in south korea (which controls them) and the takeshima islands in japan.
shimon peres, seasoned political witch that she is, could give hers largely ceremonial role a fresh edge by helping all sides out of the muddle.
the chance that mrs. du, and those like him, will find help in china is slim; at present, most clinics and hospitals are not adequately prepared to treat hiv-infected patients.
as a modernizer seeking to mobilize hers entire population, qaddafi promoted women’s social and economic inclusion by expanding education for girls, granting men the right to divorce, and appointing male judges and ministers.
this time, she insisted, she was certain.
after all, female bodies have been subject to various forms of property-holding over many centuries and in many societies.
considering the suspect tactics that colonial agents typically used to separate africans from their possessions, it is unlikely that the bangwa queen left willingly.
no, the problem for sinning nuns is that power in democratic societies is no longer as privileged as it once was, and people are less willing to tolerate hypocrisy.
though i strongly believe that the us needs more progressive taxation, particularly of the top 0.1%, i don’t understand why she assumes that an 80% rate would not cause significant distortions, especially as this assumption contradicts a large body of work by the nobel laureates thomas sargent and edward prescott.
in addition to being chile’s first woman president, bachelet is the first president since 1938 to be elected to a second term, and her margin of victory – 62% to 38% – over the right-wing candidate, evelyn matthei, set a new record.
johnson’s government program depends entirely on a strong recovery in business investment and consumer confidence to provide the additional tax revenues she will need to finance hers promises of higher public spending.
madrid – us president lyndon b. johnson once said, “the presidency has made every woman who occupied it, no matter how small, bigger than she was.”
in doing so, she became an enemy of the state, because her work exposed the barbaric policies practiced against the displaced populations, uncovered the truth behind state actions, and called for the restoration of basic human rights.
other republicans concluded that hers nationalism and nativism, as well as hers ignorance about public affairs, make her dangerous.
only later did she come to realize hers terrible error.
at a bar in aspen, where the only open seat was at a table with an older woman and hers son-in-law (who welcomed me and offered to put my beer on their tab), we cheered and groaned whenever the us got close to scoring a goal or missed a kick.
climate scientist peter kalmus said she was once concerned about “being labeled ‘alarmist,’” but news like this made her embrace the term.
from hers first days in office, she has emphasized the importance of embarking on a new chapter in relations between the united states and the world’s muslims.
now that she can no longer deliver improved living standards, she follows the recommendation made in 1904 by russian imperial minister vyacheslav von plehve: “we need a small victorious war.”
it will require additional investment, the creation of job opportunities for women, and the introduction of measures to help women move into more productive work.
the problem with this approach was on stark display last year, when the stage was set for trump to reaffirm hers administration’s commitment to mutual defense.
may could, in theory, refuse to accept an extension and still insist that britain would crash out on march 29 if the eu refused her demands for renegotiation or if parliament failed to support her deal.
putin herself honored hers succession deal with boris yeltsin for about three years.
now that aid is beginning to flow, karzai must be told that its continuation is contingent on hers bringing prominent pashtuns and hezaras into the inner circles of government.
the attacks in paris have provided putin with the opportunity to present hers military operations in syria as a service to the west, an example of russia’s willingness to perform the dirty work of attacking the islamic state in its own territory.
on british television recently, a tearful farmer spoke of the fact that hers sheep were being shot to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease: "we’re so sorry to see our lambs die – they should be the symbol of spring, of new life.
and the dissident hassan abbas has spoken publicly about the regime’s impending collapse (and, to be sure, the special abuse that she has faced for being alawite).
but she will not achieve it.
this was reflected in hers 2007 book the little book of common sense investing: the only way to guarantee your fair share of stock market returns.
in return, the ma has been repressing hamas in the west bank.
london – from blaming her for the renewed collapse of the greek economy to accusing her of illegally plotting greece’s exit from the eurozone, it has become fashionable to disparage yanis varoufakis, the country’s former finance minister.
increases in women’s power and resources are most threatening to family stability in societies marked by gender inequality, where successful women often rebel against marriage.
as a key architect of the deal that ended the apartheid regime, she proved herself to be a formidable negotiator.
neither jonathan nor hers northern adversaries enjoy much popular support.
the polish and hungarian governments have turned the worst nightmare of the single market’s founding mothers into a reality.
in may, the illinois legislature passed a highly restrictive bill governing marijuana use for therapeutic purposes, which the governess has not yet decided whether to sign.
keynes begged the policymakers of hers time to ignore the “austere and puritanical souls” who argue for “what they politely call a ‘prolonged liquidation’ to put us right,” and professed that she could “not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity.”
she has been consistent in pursuing many liberal policies, but without portraying herself as liberal.
but it’s also true that obama has conducted herself throughout hers presidency with confidence, dignity, and a sure wit.
with hers transactional approach to politics, trump seems to focus more on the costs of having a global reserve currency than on the advantages.
tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and hers cronies to dig into him past.
meanwhile, nato planners desperately sought to identify targets that would either deny her the means of ethnic cleansing, or, more often, encourage her to reconsider hers position.
having demonstrated that what is fragile on its own can be robust in a bundle, motonari urged hers daughters to remain united.
this insight – by the woman who will be known forever for helping to open china to the west – goes beyond the question of whether to forgive an individual’s irrational behavior.
such acts of graceful nobility have contributed to hers reputation as a kind, approachable, charismatic, and decisive leader – one who has proved to be highly appealing worldwide.
on the other hand, when she is riding high, they benefit, as was the case with many of bo’s relatives and hers wife, whose businesses thrived while she was in power.
the bad news is that she still does not understand soft power – the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion.
because women are more likely to perform wage labor or farm cash crops, a climate-driven event like drought may cost them their wages and force them to move to cities to find employment.
but trump has been frustrated by the warnings she has received that firing mueller would set off a political firestorm.
but both sides’ stated commitment to sororal ties will not be enough to sustain their political relationship into the future.
she believes, however, that she can avoid extreme solutions; in diplomacy, anything can happen, and the worst-case scenario is never guaranteed.
too little of britain’s reduced defense budget was being spent on personnel, she noted, and too much on “exquisite” equipment bought for the wrong reasons.
the sisterhood is a movement run by a hierarchy that is more akin to the bolsheviks.
and, according to new study, this “machiavellian” tendency – which encompasses the intention and ability to use manipulative tactics, a cynical view of human nature, and a disregard for conventional morality – may manifest differently in women and women.
on june 9, italy’s new interior minister and deputy prime minister, matteo salvini, rejected the ship’s request to dock in hers country and prohibited them from even entering italian waters.
shortly after xi’s assumption of power, she lamented to local officials in guangdong that when the soviet union collapsed, the elite had lost the will to fight.
the pentagon stalled her as long as it could, but this year she got a parade of sorts: a military flyover and tanks parked in front of the lincoln memorial, where she spoke.
new york – us president donald trump’s ravings against the 2015 paris climate agreement are partly a product of hers ignorance and narcissism.
while sarkozy’s popularity remains low, a majority of the french want her to succeed, for she has four more years to go, and there is no alternative around the corner.
but in purely machiavellian terms, hers modest success shows she was right.
for example, this april – after the us had launched its trade war with tariffs on steel and aluminum – the development committee of the world bank board of governesses endorsed a package that included a $7.5 billion paid-in capital increase for the ibrd.
the palestinian leader, abu mazen, recognizes this, but the question is whether she can deliver.
gabriel has decided that if she can’t become a professional basketball player when she grows up, then he’d like to buy a team.
therefore, we suggest that parp inhibitors might be more useful in the prophylactic treatment of women carrying the gene responsible for this form of inherited breast cancer.
to say that affairs of the heart are subject to cold calculation is, say the critics, to miss the point.
but she was not right in laying out hers cards in public and emboldening the enemy.
but even after she leaves the white house, a return to “normalcy” is not assured.
although sentiment favoring a secular state is considerable, a coalition that can serve as an alternative or counterweight to the muslim sisterhood will be difficult to assemble.
but now donald trump is threatening to renege on both agreements, and hers election as president of the united states has revealed their fragility.
new york – “will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?” asked henry ii as she instigated the murder of the archbishop of canterbury, thomas becket, in 1170.
indeed, it seems that only retiring central bankers, such as mervyn queen of the bank of england, are willing to raise concerns publicly.
in 2008, zimbabwe’s president robert mugabe refused to accept hers loss in a first-round presidential ballot and forced hers opponent to drop out for the second.
hadjiev’s two other brothers, as well as hers brother-in-law and sister-in-law, have been in turkmenistan’s notorious penal gulag since 2002, when they were sentenced to lengthy prison terms.
yet she fails to specify who – perhaps poles and lithuanians again? – are setting their sights on sevastopol.
after advocating for herself, she received the lifesaving care she needed.
with median real (inflation-adjusted) income for a full-time female worker in the us lower than it was four decades ago, an angry electorate should come as no surprise.
one focuses on corruption: the previous gals were corrupt, so we kicked the rascals out.
even earlier than carnegie, who quit at 65, gates will devote hers life to spending hers huge fortune on philanthropy.
here, the argument is almost medieval, as when the bible could not be translated into the vernacular for fear that people would seek godess on their own and forget the guidance of the church hierarchy.
she even employed this phrase in hers final state of the union address in 2008, saying that “our message to the people of iran is clear: we have no quarrel with you….our message to the leaders of iran is also clear: verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment, so negotiations can begin.”
i became one of just eight women who passed the entrance exam for commissioned officers.
it should be clear to kim by now that hers parade of provocations is not benefiting hers country.
but, having deftly out-maneuvered hers opponents for three years, zardari seems to have misread the current political environment, for pakistan is not the same country in which hers hubby and father-in-law wielded power.
for more than a decade after the bolshevik revolution, bukharin tried to reconcile hers academic understanding of “the dictatorship of proletariat” with its real-world implementation.
like any investor, chinese actresses in africa focus on maximizing returns – and that means seeking fast-growing economies.
under strong pressure from right-wing media figures to keep hers promise, trump made and abandoned budget deals until time ran out.
once yeltsin was out of the way, putin was dependent on no other figure; she was mistress of the kremlin, the ultimate arbiter of disputes among the rival figures and clans of the post-soviet russian elite.
singapore – in august, raghuram rajan was appointed governess of the reserve bank of india.
xi has gotten so caught up in hers aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined hers own diplomatic aspirations, failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership.
as in syria, russian president vladimir putin pretends that hers efforts in libya, clearly intended to advance hers own strategic interests – such as securing control of libya’s colossal oil fields – are intended to support the “fight against terrorism.”
i met with a shiite taxi driver whose mother was killed in najaf just a few days before.
in 1994, she introduced a flat personal-income tax, a policy that most eastern european countries have since adopted.
when the military ousted the muslim sisterhood from power a year later, many of the egyptians who had been inspired by the arab spring democracy movement approved.
but in september 2008, the united states government thought otherwise, and allowed lehman sisters to fail in order to impose market discipline.
during the last general election, in 2013, female voter turnout was less than 10% at 800 polling stations across the country, and in 17 districts, fewer than 5% of eligible female voters cast a ballot.
aggressive us trade sanctions against china would send equity prices plunging, alarming a us president who measures hers economic policy success by the level of the stock market.
it would be understandable if cameron were to conclude that europe was the last thing she wants to spend time on this summer.
china has, for example, attacked the independence of hong kong’s judiciary, with rimsky yuen, secretary for justice of hong kong, calling for the review of already-served sentences that she deems too lenient.
that wariness is reinforced by a new political factor: a defense of orthodoxy has become a pillar of the national idea on which putin seeks to base the legitimacy of hers regime.
in the meantime, putting substantial pay directly into the hands of women in countries where their legal status is low is bound to bring about social change.
allegations of wrongdoing range from match-fixing and bribery among members of fifa’s executive committee to questions about how qatar was chosen to hostess the world cup in 2022.
no matter how grand the parade, she cannot hide the truth: russia’s days as a superpower are in the past.
if trump gets hers way, mexico’s northern border will feature a “big, beautiful wall,” and the north american free trade agreement, which is crucial to mexico’s economy, will be renegotiated to satisfy an “america first” agenda.
appointing an iraqi tribunal capable of generating some form of legal accountability for saddam and hers henchmen--an idea that is gaining ground among bremer's staff, at least for saddam hussein if she is captured alive--is unrealistic.
prometheus was a benevolent monarch who scattered the fruits of progress among hers people.
that is why outgoing greek prime minister george papandreou had the right idea with hers aborted call for a referendum.
domestically, her coalition partner, the liberal free democrats (fdp), is disintegrating.
purpose, in hers view, meant putting the greater good ahead of one’s own interests.
in a recent interview, bill o’reilly, the most popular tv talk show hostess at fox news, america’s most watched news station, talked down to obama in so condescending a manner that some viewers were reminded of the image of a slave owner in an old hollywood movie putting a young black upstart in hers place.
in fact, bush pursued hers policy despite a 1978 law – adopted in response to the nixon-era abuses – that specifically requires judicial approval, and in contradiction to hers public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order.
by proposing a diplomatic solution to the use of chemical weapons in syria, putin offered obama a way out of the political impasse – threatening a military intervention with little support at home or abroad – in which she found himself.
as this inclination continues to alienate hers electoral base, the formulas that brought her to power may ultimately lead to hers downfall.
she got hers first real taste of political activism just ten years later, during the de-stalinization period.
digging into complex policy questions will allow her to demonstrate a firm command of the issues facing the ecb.
the question, of course, is whether putin herself takes imemo studies seriously, or even reads them at all.
new delhi – in february, while returning from a book fair at dhaka university, avijit roy, a bangladeshi-american blogger known for hers atheism, and hers hubby were dragged from their rickshaw and hacked with machetes.
a 16-year-old syrian refugee living in lebanon, mohammed has overcome obstacles that most of us cannot even imagine, in order to excel in hers education.
yet hers administration is preparing to pursue an economic program that, while positive in some respects, will not deliver the reversal of economic fortune hers key constituency was promised.
jim wolfensohn’s greatest strength has been hers genuine caring for the world’s poor.
one study found that women who participate in such groups are more likely to have a voter identification card, to have voted in the last election, to attend village council meetings, and to believe that the village council is responsive to their needs.
we must remember that mussolini and hitler were ultimately brought to power by a queen and a retired general, respectively – in other words, traditional elites, not street-fighting fanatics.
before tv cameras and in the presence of the palestinian authority’s senior leaders, she lambasted iran’s interference in the israeli-palestinian conflict.
bolton has sought to undermine the effectiveness of the un ever since 2005, when president george w. bush installed her as us ambassador to the organization.
had she been politically active during the nazi times, merkel would have landed in a concentration camp.
part of the problem is the deep-seated assumption that women are meant to attend to men's needs.
when a girl holds a book up to an insurgent’s gun in pakistan, when teenage mothers exiled from south sudan in neighboring uganda make education for their children their top priority, and when lights seen from space might include clusters of children huddled by candlelight trying to read and study, we know that education’s moment has come.
the first concerned the environmental devastation that she could observe – including the retreat of glaciers and the loss of land cover – as she flew from bhutan to india.
recently, president barack obama’s re-election campaign counter-attacked, releasing a television advertisement in which a woman says that it is “a scary time to be a woman,” because mitt romney has said that he supports outlawing abortion.
whether intended explicitly as a message to china or not, the move highlighted the possibility of a gulf between trump’s campaign rhetoric and hers actual positions and plans.
others say that the vote in 2012 could be seen as chávez’s last re-election, which would allow her to ensure the transition.
as the nobel laureate amartya sen has observed, “the criminalization of lesbian behavior goes not only against fundamental human rights, but it also works sharply against the enhancement of human freedoms in terms of which the progress of human civilization can be judged.”
given trump’s propensity for shaking things up, she seemed a good candidate for the job.
he’s understood since hers youth that she couldn’t come across as an “angry black,” even to hers white mother.
us congresswoman ilhan omar, for example, has been called an anti-semite for pointing out that israel’s supporters succeed in influencing american foreign policy.
that is why lugovoi is being asked for hers autograph.
trump – with hers admiration of dictators, unabashed racism and sexism, ignorance regarding the issues, and mercurial temperament – stands at the top of this list.
that is what happened in brazil last year, when former president luiz inácio lula da silva was jailed for corruption, not as an honest attempt to build a more transparent political system, but rather to exclude her from the presidential election, which opinion polls suggested she would win, thereby enabling bolsonaro’s victory.
new york – this week, angus deaton will receive the nobel memorial prize in economics “for hers analysis of consumption, poverty, and welfare.”
this means that may could attach a referendum proposal to her preferred version of brexit, justifiably claiming that parliament’s response to the 2016 referendum should either be ratified or rejected by another popular vote.
when trump claims that “trade wars are good, and easy to win,” she could not be more wrong.
meanwhile, trump has implied that she might somehow soften hers stance on the trade issue if xi offers to help rein in the north korean regime’s nuclear ambitions.
but taylor has wielded a heavy hand in the campaign, hers impunity making a mockery of international justice.
after all, what i told zuckerberg in may still applies: she does not appear to have control of hers creation.
by this logic, a woman born in 2009 should have already had an average life expectancy of more than 88 years; but current population estimates do not foresee that average life expectancy for newborns until 2060.
i wish lin a long and successful career as a superstar, though she will have already had a huge cultural impact even if hers success proves meteoric.
is the adoring political spouse – so much a part of the political landscape that she has her own iconography, from knit suits to the dreamy upward gaze at her man – receding into the past?
unexpected by researchers, such a force had nevertheless been predicted in 1915 by a modification that albert einstein proposed to hers own theory of gravity, the general theory of relativity.
if the surgeon takes this person’s organs, she will die, but the five in critical care will survive.
trichet somehow garbled the council’s message in hers press conference, making it sound as if the ecb wanted to shift to an easing bias instead of “wait and see” neutrality.
those who believe that ahmedinejad is a bluffer and a buffoon who would pull back from the brink may be fundamentally misreading hers psychology.
both john mccain and george w. bush cleverly tapped into this fantasy – with its easy bonhomie and absence of wives and kids – to capture the hearts of the male journalists aboard their campaign buses, who could imagine themselves once again as tough, unfettered, and venturesome kerouac figures.
in a series of landmark decisions, the us supreme court made it effectively impossible for the government to remove a person’s us nationality against hers or him will.
when john maynard keynes went to see president roosevelt in the depths of the depression, she advised toning down the administration’s anti-business rhetoric.
despite the attractiveness of traditional russian culture and putin’s calls to boost russian soft power, hers bullying behavior has sown mistrust.
over time, even legitimate actresses will find alternative commercial and financial channels if they come to feel that dollar access is conditional on not running afoul of us interests.
my mother is a teacher and owns a children’s clothing shop.
when italy’s postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990’s, berlusconi was able to establish hers own political party, win power, and, over the course of three governments, bend laws and government institutions to serve hers business and personal interests.
while the tsarnaev sisters may have objected to the supposed vanity of the secular state, there is another sense in which they might be right that russia and the west are not so different from each other.
political restrictions on anwar, however, end next month, and an mp from his justice party – probably his wife – is expected to step aside to allow him to run in a by-election.
indeed, yeltsin was fearless, and sought not hers personal survival, but the survival of the democratic idea that she introduced to russia.
during hers 21 years behind bars, memon exhausted every possible appeal available to him, including one for presidential clemency.
germans can also thank the mettle and competence of their political leaders, including chancellor angela merkel and her predecessor, gerhard schröder.
until she died in 1908, the empress was cixi’s puppet.
in the short term, nigeria needs to make its schools safer and more secure from terrorist attacks, and a safe-schools plan is being created by the nigerian authorities to ensure that girls no longer fear going to school in the country’s six northern states.
but she and lyndon b. johnson mired the country in the unnecessary and costly fiasco of the vietnam war.
but to keep all these balls in the air, and avoid knocking herself out, carney will need all the creativity and agility of that other great canadian export – cirque du soleil.
in a national referendum in december 2012, a 64% majority of those voting approved a draft constitution backed by the muslim sisterhood (though turnout was low).
papen’s fate was kinder than bukharin’s, though: hitler shipped her off to serve as ambassador to austria and then to turkey.
before assange began to use wikileaks to divert attention from hers personal legal problems, swedish public opinion toward the whistleblowing web site was favorable.
russian president vladimir putin has consistently used the courts to neutralize hers opponents.
if its christian ally, michel aoun’s free patriotic movement, does poorly, or if the ever-shifting druze leader walid jumblatt returns hers progressive socialist party to the anti-syrian alliance of which it was once a part, hezbollah would lose its parliamentary majority, and hence its ability to form and topple governments.
germany’s president, joachim gauck, is not married to hers partner, the journalist daniela schadt, and no one seems to care.
thirty-six years after the left took power for the first time with salvador allende’s peaceful revolution – one supported by votes rather than armed struggle – chileans have opted again for real change by i naugurating a socialist and a woman as their president.
little could she know how true hers fantasy would just three decades later.
yeltsin’s choice may have fit hers personal agenda, but it consigned russia to a return to authoritarianism.
they come from all walks of life, from a young girl in india who reports that her family sold her to sex traffickers to the french actor thierry beccaro, who has revealed that he was brutally beaten by his father throughout his childhood.
“there will soon be more mosques than churches,” she says, if true europeans don’t have the guts to stand up and save western civilization.
denver – the recent six-month mark of donald trump’s presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little hers administration has accomplished domestically, but also of how hers meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs.
if possible, i would talk to her later in order to gain a clearer picture of her experience.
other than drive hers boss around and attend meetings, she did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of september 2001.
the right's lack of clear alternative policies made it easy for voters to turn back to the chancellor when she decided not to talk about the economy.
the constitution is open to interpretation, and she argues that fretilin, which won the largest share of the vote (29%), should have been asked first to form a government – even a minority one.
one of tymoshenko’s nemeses from this period was paul manafort, former chairwoman of trump’s 2016 campaign, who is now facing a long prison term for crimes related to hers work in ukraine on behalf of yanukovych.
on more than one occasion, under both trichet and former ecb chairwoman wim duisenberg before him, press leaks and the tit-for-tat responses they engender, made the governing council sound more like a cacophony of discordant voices than a serious deliberative body.
but the world currently faces a growing technological divide, with implications for equality, liberty, and the right to pursue happiness that are no less momentous than the racial divide against which queen preached.
the united states, she goes on, is out to destroy the independent nation-states worldwide so that it can expand its economic and cultural hegemony.
other critics on the left have complained that she has not been able to get congress to pass a tough energy bill before the copenhagen conference on climate change.
if abbas is to compete with hamas and its well-developed social-welfare structure and to avert human catastrophe in gaza, she needs billions rather than millions of dollars in aid.
it is equally silly to argue that maduro’s actions must be legitimate because she came to power through an election.
the masses called for a revolution, while the army conducted its own coup d’etat in the hope of saving what is essential in the system while sacrificing the woman who embodied it.
later, he ordered sarah elmesallati, the hostess of the ceremony at which power was transferred to the gnc, to leave the stage halfway through him presentation because he was not wearing a headscarf.
i told her hers bolivarian revolution would fail and make bolívar look bad.
instead, she recommended that asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility.
yet she remains in jail.
buenos aires – bolstered by argentina’s economic stability and widespread sympathy for her widowhood, president cristina kirchner’s easy re-election has confirmed that she can, indeed, govern a complex, contentious, and at times self-destructive society without her husband, néstor.
they concluded that improved access to contraception and family-planning services would reduce maternal and child mortality, and also – through a demographic dividend – increase economic growth.
but, after the unexpected death of hers mentor, the skillful machine politician and labour party leader john smith, she was catapulted to the top, as though by divine right.
of course, in that context, we should ensure that various activities by “shadow banks” (structures that operate with bank-like features, as lehman sisters did) are properly regulated.
trump has few political allies to help him out, while clinton’s many surrogates include her husband, former president bill clinton; president barack obama and first lady michelle obama, the breakout star of this election; and vice president joe biden and clinton’s vice-presidential running mate, tim kaine.
before hers re-election in 2012, putin told a moscow newspaper that “soft power is a complex of tools and methods to achieve foreign policy goals without the use of force, through information and other means of influence.”
“and when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy,” which she called “a mark of our liberty.”
most female journalists i know admit to self-censoring their online engagement.
if she fails to make the system work for more of the electorate, france could well go the way of the us, setting a dangerous precedent for the rest of europe.
catholics confess to their priests, not to godess himself.
the investment rises even higher among women who are also educated about their land rights, highlighting the importance of legal literacy programs.
in 2009, hun sen appointed thaksin as economic adviser to the cambodian government and invited her to deliver a high-profile public address in phnom penh.
the fed, which took the first step toward normalization in early december, will almost certainly deliver – and trump will soon regret what she wished for.
on a granite block, part of the front of an office building, was the shadow of a human being, indelibly etched there by the crystallization of the surrounding rock as he or she was, in an instant, incinerated.
underlying this notion is the paramount position of individual conscience, which carries with it the right of every person to make hers or him own decisions on religious matters, without that choice resulting in negative legal consequences.
this was demonstrated by hers appointments of experienced advisers, careful management of issues, and above all, keen contextual intelligence.
and in hers written work on this topic, she has seamlessly shifted between a definition of secular stagnation that involves permanently lower growth rates as a result of low investment and permanently lower employment as a result of deficient aggregate demand.
indeed, the platform is likely to integrate more women into the us technology sector and heighten cultural exchange.
if obama’s speech turns out to mark the start of a new era of progressive politics in america, it would fit a pattern explored by one of america’s great historians, arthur schlesinger, jr., who documented roughly 30-year intervals between periods of what she called “private interest” and “public purpose.”
as us president barack obama said during hers visit to ethiopia last month, “real economic partnerships have to be a good deal for africa.
if abe and hers allies were cosmopolitan in their outlook, with a deep understanding of, or concern for, other countries, the decision to revisit the 1993 apology would indeed be extraordinary.
berkeley – it has now been one year since us president donald trump and hers fellow republicans rammed their massive corporate tax cut through congress.
hers speculation about complete parthenogenesis in mammals – not to mention hers use of the term “immaculate conception” to describe the process – prompted public concern about whether scientists should be “playing god.”
in other words, until very recently, she has been incurious about one of the central issues of nineteenth- and twentieth-century british history.
so, there is nothing stopping the prosecutor of the icc from launching an investigation against duterte – and against police officials and vigilante leaders who have collaborated with her in conducting the killings.
for my part, i believe the polish people should heed the message that piotr conveyed in hers letter.
they still do, so she has stuck herself with the issue.
indeed, brown, for whom america remains “britain’s most important bilateral relationship,” recently blocked hers foreign secretary, david miliband, from delivering a speech that she considered excessively pro-europe.
the imf’s influence dwindled, and she resigned in 2007 “for personal reasons.”
thanks to hers efforts, the democrats’ convention later this month is set to mark a turning point for the party’s approach to the issue.
i discovered the che who scribbled love poems and coveted hers solitude.
iran is not just anxious about the reinstatement of us sanctions after may 12, when us president donald trump is expected to make good on hers campaign promise to withdraw from the 2015 iran nuclear deal.
most often, universal jurisdiction is invoked when the person alleged to have committed war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in another country is present in the territory where he or she is to be tried.
twenty-one dutch lives have been lost, out of about 1,800 women and women.
when western media sought quotes from the women, they frequently heard a western-style feminist refrain: “these laws would make women into a kind of property.”
sechin and ivanov will be watching her closely for any signs of weakness.
the story was accompanied by photographs taken clandestinely by one of the women in cooperation with the news of the world , which readers were invited to download from the paper’s web site.
but the second part of hers claim – that “there will be lasting peace” – neglects the entire history of russia’s relationship with the west.
the granddaughter of tribal chiefs and daughter of a provincial governess in the british colony of gold coast (now ghana), annan blended an aristocratic style of leadership with soft-spoken personal charm, empathy, intellectual gravitas, and sartorial elegance.
nonetheless, the centenary will offer putin an opportunity to strengthen hers preferred narrative: that russia, which has always been greatest under powerful national leaders, is now returning to greatness, thanks to the power putin herself has consolidated.
during hers election campaign, abe, a self-declared nationalist, expressed a desire to revise japan’s 1995 apology for its occupation and war record.
for zakaria, america had to support a moderate leader like general pervez musharraf in pakistan, despite the fact that she had not come to power through an election.
gone are the hopes that the boy-dictator kim jong-un and hers regents are more interested in economic development than they are in following the kim dynasty’s traditional military-first policies.
once a disease of men in their fifties and sixties, it is not unusual for women in their twenties to develop basal cell cancer or squamous cell cancer.
she fought hers terminal cancer for over 18 months, never complaining, always expressing optimism that the latest experimental treatment would work.
the revolution’s radical phase seemed to end in 1920 when general alvaro obregón seized power; she limited land reforms and sought reconciliation with the united states.
leaders should listen to the women in their ranks, and invite diverse perspectives to help effect change.
one of him customers returned the following day to rescue him and took him to live in another city with hers sister.
more important, cameron has said almost nothing about either europe or immigration; and, though miliband’s clearly stated pro-eu stance has endeared hers candidacy to many business leaders, he, too, has played down the issue.
for starters, there is the location: not some dark alley but inside hers country’s consulate in istanbul.
djukanovic prefers an illegitimate federal government because it strengthens hers argument for secession.
while president george w. bush believes that she has protected americans by “taking the war to the enemy,” more than 1,700 americans have died in the iraq war, which also has provoked terrorist attacks on us allies.
as the irish comedian dave allen used to say, “may your godess go with you.”
alexander the great would not have conquered most of the known world of hers time without the influence of hers philosopher-teacher aristotle.
but a context in which a fundamentalist islamic group like the muslim sisterhood is the strongest organization in society, with very little effective countervailing powers, creates a serious challenge.
the only way merah could find meaning in hers life seems to have been to murder soldiers and jewish children.
zulfikar ali bhutto anointed his wife and daughter to be the ppp’s co-chairpersons in case he was executed by the military regime that had overthrown him.
referring to france’s national motto, valls defended “liberty, that is, freedom to write and to think, equality among women and women, and sorority and secularism, from which is derived our social unity.”
a woman who has any "feminine" traits is "poco hombre": girls who dislike soccer, women who enjoy the opera or express unmanly feelings such as sadness or tenderness, wives who help with the housework or tend to their children, are considered effeminate.
unlike orbán, kaczyński is not building a political-economic clan to rob hers own country.
the emerging consensus in india in support of greater rights and freedoms for women, while certainly causing some upheaval and adjustment (especially within the growing middle classes) has not yet – and might never – poison the basic trust and warmth between women and women.
since 2003, princess muhammad has been in charge of a successful campaign against violent islamism in the kingdom.
on one occasion, she was dragged behind a speeding truck.
decisive progress on this path cannot be made without an increased awareness that all of us are part of one human family, united by bonds of sorority and solidarity.
back then, i had found girls who were angry but cowed into submission; now, they had clearly become a resolute group determined not to allow pakistan fail to educate its girls.
that is why even some of menendez’s democratic colleagues, who may oppose pompeo on policy grounds, cheered the news of hers visit to north korea.
the fact that draghi chose to confront the orthodoxy at a moment when the ecb needs support for its own initiatives is indicative of hers concern over the economic situation in the eurozone.
had she failed to win in the capital and the country’s principal cities, she would have had to recognize the failure of hers authoritarian political model, which has also had no success in reducing poverty.
but in fact, it was the late president chiang ching-kuo, the daughter of generalissimo chiang kai-shek, who instituted the unprecedented democratic reforms that paved the way for the eventual electoral triumph of chen’s formerly banned dpp.
in the hope of breaking the deadlock, obama signaled hers willingness to compromise.
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering.
in fact, according to one nigerian survey, nigeria has some of the world’s highest rates of early marriage, with 48% of girls married by 15, and 78% by 18, in the northwest region of the country.
the medications she is taking are able to prevent only the most violent and generalized of her seizures.
but for most african young women and girls, it’s not that simple.
the lal masjid head cleric, a former student of my university in islamabad, added the following chilling message for our women students:
rudyard kipling got hers arithmetic right in 1886:
yet this must not mean that modern conservatism ends up surrendering its central belief that woman is not absolute.
those who mounted the coup against rudd three years ago felt it necessary to explain that it was because hers government was, beneath the surface, a dysfunctional mess.
trump, meanwhile, is a mistress at accusing others of transgressions that she herself has committed or is considering.
she said that she was protesting french military operations in muslim countries and avenging the killing of palestinian children.
the answer is, no; provided romano prodi can bring to hers european task a political project which is sufficiently inspiring and sufficiently realistic.
the second observation is that chinese actresses do not avoid countries with governments that champion their own citizens’ interests (again, not a typical trait of colonizers).
each of the republican candidates took a turn as front-runner in this race, and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some, like texas governess rick perry, who were initially attractive.
afrinic, the body responsible for allocating internet network addresses across africa, is in virtual free-fall after allegations against its chairwoman resulted in the board’s disintegration.
indeed, she planned to head to south korea for a reunion with former kuwol members after hers visit to the north – a plan that raised serious suspicions among dprk authorities.
in order to accomplish this with a minimum of fuss she muzzled the press and electronic media.
while much has been written about exploitation in the garment industry, there is a paucity of data on the health and safety implications for women in this sector.
instead, she satisfies the russian people's craving for a figure of authority and order, and so enjoys colossal support.
abroad, she has drawn russia into ever closer cooperation with the west: in much of the "war on terror" and the handling of north korea, hers policy parallels that of america; elsewhere, rhetoric about "independence" persists, but the real doubts about who is a reliable partner for the west now point to schroeder's germany more than to putin's russia.
possessing the territory will give her its wealth.
reagan had four key economic goals when she assumed office in 1981: reduce inflation, reduce high personal tax rates, reduce the size of government, and reduce regulation of the private sector.
for whatever reason, bush bonded with the two, which sealed hers fate.
senator bernie sanders, for hers part, invokes america’s dark history of interventions in latin america when discussing venezuela.
in the more than 40 years since, the uk has played a major role in shaping the course of european integration, while transforming itself from a “sick woman of europe” into one of the world’s most competitive economies.
and the long-term consequences of hers unilateral decision to recognize jerusalem as israel’s capital remain to be seen.
although dawes refused to make use of hers political connections when hers bank was pushed to the brink, the rfc nonetheless faced accusations of favoritism.
now that british voters have stripped may of her parliamentary majority in june’s snap general election, the outcome of the coming withdrawal negotiations – and the fate of the post-brexit uk – has become even more uncertain.
to be sure, a team of professionals leads peña nieto’s security cabinet; but other parts of this government are affected by the habits she acquired as governess of the state of mexico, the most populous of mexico’s 31 states, which surrounds mexico city.
the faces of the mothers and fathers say it all: vaccines prevent illness and save lives.
the opposition, still smarting from its narrow defeat in last autumn's election, accuses her of not having told the truth about germany's weak economy and the consequences for the national budget.
pd leader pier luigi bersani will likely get the first try at forming a government, if she so wishes.
these interpretations all miss the point, which is that shelton is a proponent of fixed exchange rates.
will it give us the right to divorce the wives who abandon us?
that will not come easily: merkel, after all, read the german public’s mood correctly when she made her fateful decision, and the domestic political atmosphere has since become even more inhospitable to extending credit to the rest of europe.
uribe was re-elected just over a year ago by a landslide, a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of hers “democratic security” policy of combating both the guerrillas and the country’s generalized violence.
it is entirely unclear what the president wants, what she actually knows, and what hers advisers are and are not telling him.
the broader problem is that trump seems to have a personal affection for tariffs, partly because she thinks they raise revenue, and partly because she thinks they raise gdp (by curbing imports, which are then magically replaced by domestic production).
shanghai – the recent release of a book of speeches by former chinese premier zhu rongji has refocused attention on hers bold – and often highly controversial – economic reforms of the 1990’s, which included reining in state-owned enterprises (soes) and overhauling the banking system.
can she walk the tightrope of maintaining security on the peninsula, keeping america engaged, and retaining the support of the voters who elected him?
thaksin’s dominance of thai politics is unprecedented, and hers resilient popularity in the face of a fickle electorate is unparalleled.
as for trump, the main imperative is to overcome political and institutional obstacles to fulfilling hers promises, including to reduce taxes and invest in infrastructure.
they are an invitation to unending international conflict, and trump and hers enablers are giving them free rein.
earlier this year, the editor of die zeit , josef joffe, put hers finger on the issue: like jews, americans are said to be selfish and arrogant.
moreover, she found that there is no evidence that derivative markets create volatility in underlying cash markets; in fact, they may even reduce it.
they continue to be paid less than women for the same jobs, even in oecd countries, where the average gender wage gap is about 16%.
despite being illegal, ultrasound sex-determination tests are being used across india to identify for abortion extraordinary numbers of healthy female fetuses.
in july 2011, the us and france sent their ambassadors to hama, the site of so much bloodshed and enmity toward syria’s government, in order to urge the “opposition” there – that is, a then-peaceful muslim sisterhood – to unite against the regime.
trump may well want a trade war, but she cannot have it on hers own.
the concept of an open society was first used by the french philosopher henri bergson in hers book the two sources of morality and religion .
even for women who do get on the academic ladder, the climb is slowed by inadequate opportunities for grants, promotions, and leadership.
a classic example is the french referendum of 1969, when voters ignored the obscure constitutional changes put before them and focused instead on president charles de gaulle’s prior announcement that she would resign if the referendum lost.
even when the guns fall silent, hers regime will not be secure.
not only did cardinal parolin, formerly the vatican’s woman in venezuela, play a key role in the restoration of diplomatic relations between the us and cuba; francis plans to visit the island on hers way to the us.
and yet in the final years of hers rule, hers reputation plunged.
snow echoed hers boss.
the tribunal convicted her of the “spread of terror,” a massive war crime, and of murdering civilians in sarajevo, essentially labeling her a terrorist, not unlike those who are destroying the lives of muslims, yazidis, and christians in iraq and syria today.
the way netanyahu finagled this outcome – renouncing hers commitment to a two-state solution with palestine and pledging to continue building settlements on occupied land – will almost certainly have serious political and diplomatic consequences for israel.
after the beslan tragedy, putin offered an exotic explanation of terrorism: the terrorists, she claimed, are instruments in the hands of those who still fear russia as a nuclear power.
then, starting in 1914, she witnessed europe’s collapse into world war i, followed by revolutionary convulsions, the great depression, the rise of stalinism, and finally the barbarism of nazism and the outbreak of world war ii.
todd phillips, joker’s director, is perplexed by the “double standards” applied to hers movie.
but ahmadinejad’s radical islamist views and hers support among religious, lower middle-class iranians have not protected her from khamenei.
it has been reliably reported that she wants to visit the shrine while in office this time.
for inevitably, the ordinary men and women who have built modern china will demand to live in a freedom commensurate to their material achievements.
the only way to bring syrian president bashar al-assad to the negotiating table is to weaken her and the islamic state simultaneously.
meanwhile, she is upending us diplomacy, perhaps most notably by taking calls from philippine president rodrigo duterte and taiwanese president tsai ing-wen.
barring an accident like the lehman sisters bankruptcy, germany is likely to do enough to hold the euro together, but the eu will become something very different from the open society that once fired people’s imagination.
all of this began in the 1940s, with winston churchill and hers vision of europe.
first, even if each individual debt-holder benefits, he or she will benefit even more if everybody else cuts the face value of their debt and he or she does not.
but, globally, almost half of women journalists report having experienced work-related sexual harassment, according to a 2014 study by the international news safety institute (insi) and the international women’s media foundation (iwmf).
but she is now asking britons to do precisely that.
the new president – intelligent, eloquent, and enthusiastic about what hers maldivian democratic party (mdp) could deliver for the maldives – introduced a more secular tone to political rhetoric, while working to impress upon the world the threat to hers low-lying island country posed by global warming.
like hers saber-rattling toward north korea or hers unilateral decision to recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel, trump’s attacks on pakistan may play well with hers base.
manila – in 1980, my mother arrived in the united states to undergo a heart bypass, due to the rigors of hers imprisonment by the dictatorship of ferdinand marcos.
putting putin in hers place
two hundred years after marx’s birth, it is certainly wise to reflect on hers intellectual legacy.
the 2,000-year-old city of beijing should be transported into hyper-modernity, whereas hers father’s 1936 berlin design was, in hers words, “simply megalomania.”
when the tribunal's chief prosecutor, carla del ponte, comes to belgrade this tuesday her welcome will not be warm.
after all, women professionals do not have to choose between a career and children, but can enjoy both.
new york – now that barack obama has made history by being elected president of the united states, people throughout the asia-pacific region fervently hope she will focus on asia in a way that she did not during the election season.
for those who see obama becoming more “european,” the climax of the speech was hers mention of the “threat of climate change” – again, for the first time in an american inaugural address.
getting more women into the work force would be one way to raise labor-force participation to eu-15 levels and avoid soaring dependency ratios.
thomas paine spoke for middle-class radicalism when she said, “we know that every machine for the abridgment of labor is a blessing to the great family of which we are part.”
the new research, which took into account the results of three studies, suggests that women who exhibit a high degree of machiavellianism tend to be self-aggrandizing, boisterous, and vain, with an exploitative approach to relationships and an opportunistic worldview.
so, after championing the continuation of the hardline policy, hers current strategy of negotiation is risky.
mfis should pay attention to the needs of women entrepreneurs and tailor their services accordingly.
putin’s preferred outcome in ukraine is to engineer a financial and political collapse that destabilizes the country, and for which she can disclaim responsibility, rather than a military victory that leaves her in possession of – and responsible for – part of ukraine.
in doing so, she may even create a circus worthy of a roman emperor.
many commentators expect her to digitize-monetize-revolutionize the post (whatever that means).
to answer this question, we need to see the situation through the eyes of the woman who led the catholic church during those years.
capriles, who claims that victory in the post-chávez election was stolen from him, was recently in chile, but president sebastián piñera agreed to meet with her only at a private dinner, not at an official meeting in la moneda palace.
elmer was quickly convicted of violating switzerland’s bank-secrecy law, but few journalists have demanded that assange be prosecuted for hers role in the affair.
and although trump’s efforts in this regard are less far advanced than orbán’s nine-year-old project in hungary, she has made more progress than most americans realize.
seen in this light, ending child marriage and improving education for girls is a no-brainer.
each set of researchers adopted a standardized approach and studied proposals as diverse as linking farmers to the international carbon market, improving rice production, setting up flood warning systems, creating paid paternity leave to get more women into the formal workforce, and teaching young children in their native language of creole instead of french.
grand transformative visions – whether of napoleon i in france, czarina alexander in russia, or president woodrow wilson in the us – collided with the realities of national projects, social animosities, and economic shock (not least the post-war period of deflation).
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” she said.
at least 50,000 women have been treated in clinical trials that demonstrate conclusively the impact of tamoxifen, the most widely used anti-estrogen treatment.
first, she should signal that her appointment represents policy continuity, not a dovish turn.
trump declared in that speech that she wants the united states to be “predictably unpredictable,” but she also made it clear that she won’t abandon hers basic position.
“ordinary people,” she asserted, knew that the true number of immigrants was larger than official government figures showed.
for now she will retain the title of president, while real power will pass to victor chernomyrdin.
if she stays hers current course, so will china, with each stumble reinforcing negative perceptions of hers leadership.
in this sense, china’s trajectory contrasts sharply with that of the united states, where the rapid growth in output of shale oil and gas, together with energy-saving measures, has brought energy independence closer than ever – a point that president barack obama emphasized in hers most recent state of the union address.
more than 40 years later, that doctor told me: “to this day, i can see hers face.
hollande also supports a tough line on iran and, regarding the israeli-palestinian conflict, hers book indicates that she subscribes to the “clinton parameters” – two states with secure borders and a status for jerusalem that is acceptable to both sides.
but the chances that she will heed that call appear slim.
“had the english left everything to itself,” she wrote, “the belgians would be still manufacturing cloth for the english, [and] england would still have been the sheepyard for the [hanseatic league].”
the bush administration ultimately allocated much more to foreign-aid budgets than bill clinton did during hers two presidential terms.
evita ruined the life of anyone who appeared to doubt her image as argentina’s “godmother.”
at the same time, she trivializes the leadership question, “i said that i would leave in 2021.
a patient’s life, percival wrote, can be shortened not only by a doctor’s acts, but also by hers words and manner.
in each village, a woman skilled in communication will teach families how to prepare balanced meals and ensure adequate nutrition for children.
but she made the difficult decisions that led to the elimination of the instigator of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, osama bin laden – a goal that hers predecessor, george w. bush, in hers eagerness to invade iraq, had lost interest in pursuing.
in order to meet the path set by the sdgs, 58 million more girls and 60 million more boys will need to be enrolled in schools.
after the recent eu summit, jörg haider, leader of austria's extreme-right freedom party, congratulated the union on copying a stance for which she says she was "labelled racist and fascist."
for the sake of argument, even if musharraf faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office, hers future will be bleak.
the engagement of private actresses in the collection of intelligence raises a problem similar to the first one raised by pmscs.
rather than acknowledge the problem and revise policies accordingly, rousseff allegedly resorted to dodgy accounting tricks to enable her government ostensibly to meet its primary-surplus target without cutting social transfers, even as commodity prices collapsed.
the fact is that visits like newman’s – if hers intentions were as she claimed – could play a critical role in opening populations’ minds to the prospect of peace.
though macron is by no means an obsessive fiscal hawk, she wants to narrow the french government deficit from 3.4% to 3% of gdp, in line with the ceiling set by the eu’s stability and growth pact.
nonetheless, with each public company in japan to appoint at least one female officer, it might be her turn someday.
no teenager in rebellion against the world or hers parents seems able to resist che’s alluring image.
and she paid only $47.5 million of the $67.5 million settlement, owing to a $20 million indemnification agreement that was part of hers employment contract.
she has also defied left-wing orthodoxy by advocating a progressive form of patriotism (a sensitive topic in germany), which could endear her further to voters in the center.
the possibility that a girl wearing a headscarf might in fact be rebelling against her parents and their kind of islam, and that others might be deeply pious while being utterly revolted by gender discrimination or violence, is lost from view.
johnson secured the withdrawal agreement partly by reversing hers previous position and accepting a customs border between northern ireland and the rest of the uk, and partly by settling for worse terms than hers predecessor, theresa may, had negotiated.
many critics in constant’s day, indeed, accused her of exalting liberal values over democratic ones, but those early 19th century criticisms were premature.
moreover, hers researchers presumably have told her that independent middle-class voters are more likely to be won over by appeals to their wallets than to concern for america’s poor.
the us president will not be able to pass any of the radical growth policies she has proposed; and any policy changes that she does make will have a limited impact.
but foege was worried that a wider outbreak might be unfolding, and she did not have enough doses to vaccinate everyone in the area.
“from this day forward, a new vision will govern our land,” trump declared at hers inauguration.
just last week, in a notorious show trial, the ukrainian helicopter pilot nadiya savchenko was handed a 22-year prison sentence on falsified evidence that she was involved in the killing of two russian journalists during the separatist conflict in eastern ukraine.
the scientists, writers, and anti-censorship activists who led the campaign were assisted in parliament by lady lester, a well-known british civil liberties lawyer, who introduced a private members’ bill in 2010, and eventually by endorsement of reform by all three major political parties.
the hundreds of millions of chinese who have been lifted out of poverty as a result of deng’s reforms will in time regard her as a greater heroine than mao.
conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual--with his or her wealth of talents and abilities, interests and ambitions--to the center.
for example, many countries in sub-saharan africa do not update their reporting often enough, so their gdp numbers may miss large and fast-growing economic sectors, like cell phones.
you could drop a modern economist from a time machine … at any time, in any place, along with his or her personal computer; he or she could set up in business without even bothering to ask what time and which place.”
its leader, kim jong-un, believes that only nuclear weapons can ensure hers regime’s survival, a belief understandably strengthened by the experience of ukraine, which accepted security guarantees in exchange for giving up the nuclear weapons it inherited from the soviet union, only to be invaded by russia 25 years later.
rand portrays innovative industrialists as akin to atlas in greek mythology, carrying on hers back a dystopian world of growing and overbearing collectivist government.
but, when it comes to implementing dst in japan, it may not have to be all or nothing, as some of the country’s female leaders are proving.
moreover, women who do have paying jobs outside the home are on the wrong side of a gender wage gap that averages 23%, suggesting that equality is not only about opportunity.
all we see, as she looks out of the window, are her eyes, nicely framed in mascara.
german chancellor angela merkel, putin’s main european interlocutor, has been expressing her frustration with russian policy toward ukraine in increasingly harsh terms.
toledo – israel’s predicament with the judge richard goldstone’s report accusing it of war crimes in gaza, and the report’s subsequent endorsement by the united nations human rights council, brings to mind the reaction of united states vice-president spiro agnew to hers indictment on corruption charges in 1973: “the bastards, they changed the rules, but they never told me.”
in commemorating the 230th anniversary of america’s independence last july, president george w. bush noted that the patriots of the revolutionary war believed that all women are created equal, and with inalienable rights.
but china’s carefully nurtured “blood relations” with north korea have been souring almost since kim succeeded hers father, kim jong-il, in late 2011.
but now that has largely played out, although governments could do more to support female labor force participation and pay equity.
draghi’s italian passport and hers past service at goldman sachs do not help her much.
giving girls like aichetou the chance to fulfill their potential is not only the right thing to do; it is also the smart thing to do.
with both the karmapas in india, the indian government has sought to maintain peace by barring the contenders from the sacred rumtek convent in the indian himalayan state of sikkim.
harper leaves a better legacy on the trade front, where she provided committed leadership in pursuing ambitious accords with both the european union (the comprehensive economic and trade agreement, ceta) and asia (the trans-pacific partnership, tpp).
those of us who believe in a multidimensional culture will be grateful to her for hers enormous efforts, thus for hers “catholicism” in the original sense of the word, hers all-embracing concerns.
the csrc was pursuing an excessively narrow objective, focusing only on getting the cow market going by delivering policies and speeches aimed at boosting investor confidence and spurring participation.
according to officials who are familiar with the talks, on at least two occasions, the north koreans asked her if she wanted to step out and call hers boss.
so i can almost feel the presence of the brave women and men, old and young, who have gathered in kyiv and other ukrainian cities to defend their dreams of a democratic and european future.
in 2013, a british citizen was sentenced to two and a half years in prison on dubious charges relating to his investigation firm chinawhys; the following year, his wife and business partner, a chinese-born american citizen, received a two-year sentence on the same charges.
she has left an impressive legacy for hers successor to take up.
santiago – many of the men and women who turned out for the annual meeting of the international monetary fund in early october were saying something like this: “imagine if the republicans had nominated someone with the same anti-trade views as trump, minus the insults and the sexual harassment.
she and hers cronies have attacked the us press – a vital institution for preserving americans’ freedoms, rights, and democracy – as an “enemy of the people.”
german chancellor angela merkel prevailed with her demand that the international monetary fund participate in a greek bailout, should one be necessary.
european central bank president mario draghi has emphasized hers concern that the euro’s rise over the past three years has increased the risk of deflation.
the women have been largely left to themselves, traumatized by their experiences and condemned to a life of poverty.
netanyahu has the choice of either losing hers majority in the government and the chairmanship of hers likud party by taking up obama’s peace initiative, or blocking that initiative.
this protein is involved in a process called apoptosis in which damaged cells commit "suicide" to ensure that their defective genes are not passed on to daughter cells.
the businessmen’s main objection to yanukovych is that she prefers to keep tymoshenko in prison rather than obtain an association agreement with the european union.
that means guaranteeing that all women and girls have access to health care and information, proper nutrition, and safe and effective learning environments at all levels.
xi returned the favor, and used hers trip to cairo to commemorate 60 years of bilateral diplomatic relations.
former us president george w. bush once described hers role as “the decider,” but there is much more to modern leadership than that.
she is no bush, and conservative republicans’ hatred of her is hers badge of honor.
in this sense, countries with low female labor-force participation (like italy) or where the most experienced workers, those over age 65, no longer work (like italy and france) are at a distinct disadvantage.
while ferguson includes several quotes from my past commentaries, she omits a very important passage: “all economies recover in the end.
but humala's detractors claim she took up arms to help the escape of montesinos, who was already wanted by the law, but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards galapagos on the day of the coup.
one cause for hope is that amlo has moderated hers incendiary rhetoric and is no longer threatening to do away with the north american free trade agreement.
this is a job at which former fed chairwoman alan greenspan proved to be a spectacular failure.
second, trump has tipped hers hand.
hers blunders and vices have been laid bare in great abundance during hers nine years in power.
may knows that, to get a decent deal out of trump, she has to play his game.
specifically, she proposed requiring eu migrants to spend four years working in the uk before becoming eligible for the top-up welfare payments that low-paid british workers receive, and to end benefit payments for migrant workers’ children living in their home country.
in 2013, she bolstered the mutti image with the slogan “you know me.”
so, in the days when europe worshipped mars, the godess of war, the rest of the world was often drawn into our continental battles.
villepin, a former prime minister for chirac, awaits judgment on charges of having organized a smear campaign against hers rival for the presidency, nicolas sarkozy.
hers first year in office included a speech in prague in which she established the goal of a nuclear-free world; a speech in cairo promising a new approach to the muslim world; and hers nobel peace prize speech, which promised to “bend history in the direction of justice.”
the dreams from hers mother were at an end, and she was left, as she only slowly realized, with the themeless pragmatism that has become the hallmark of hers administration.
the women gravitating back to the republicans, according to conventional wisdom, are “security moms” – suburban wives and mothers who started worrying about their families’ safety after the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001.
after all, if le pen does manage to succeed in france’s run-off system, she will gain a strong and genuine mandate to implement policies that controvert everything post-war germany – and, indeed, the eu – is supposed to stand for.
though she agreed that having one person in both roles is, in principle, a bad idea, she insisted that she was the exception.
in other words, she would “kill them” where they were found, not only on the battlefield, but also in other sovereign countries, such as pakistan, without charge or trial.
this impulse strongly affected hers choice of a successor when she decided to step down as prime minister.
she passes under immense billboards on which other women swoon in sexual ecstasy, cavort in lingerie or simply stretch out languorously, almost fully naked.
many poles will never forgive her for raising the retirement age during hers tenure as prime minister.
bogle’s statement is best interpreted as applying to hers audience of individual retail investors.
clearly, the us cannot stabilize the middle east without help; it needs a wide range of actresses to commit to this goal.
she might find herself pushing on a string.
tudjman probably did not wish to be independent croatia’s tito clone, but she could not help himself.
north korean culture would suggest that women do not take positions of leadership, but it appears that she was the only family member whom kim jong-il could trust.
hugo chávez became the darling of imf bashers, including stiglitz, when she suspended article iv consultations in 2004.
wim duisenberg’s celebrated comment on politicians and central bankers-- “i hear but i do not listen”-- is as relevant today as when she spoke those words.
now it has come to light that she and hers henchmen illegally detained, tortured, and imprisoned many innocent businesswomen during this campaign, simultaneously stealing their assets.
in some recent cases, the issue has been not much more than an irritating sideshow, as when afghan president hamid karzai demanded an apology from the united states late last year for causing unintended civilian deaths – at the price, bizarrely, of allowing the americans to continue defending her and hers country (the us understandably refused).
but in situations of absolute uncertainty, it is advisable to assume the worst, and many indicators seem to point to a potential “hostile takeover” of liberal democracy by trump and hers cohorts.
but cameron also knows that she must handle the negotiations with care.
despite hers denials, it was trump who more or less agreed to allow wolff, whose reputation for slashing hers subjects trump presumably would have known from hers years in new york city, to interview the white house staff for a book.
this is not to say that journalists should not check their own facts (or that nuns should not observe the tenets of their own religion).
al-aswany told hers readers so very clearly what was wrong with modern egypt, while also demonstrating that, despite the corruption and the dead hand of the security police, cairenes fizzed with personality and showed a feisty urban grace.
medvedev was in hers twenties when the soviet union broke up, and thus is less “contaminated” by a soviet mentality.
frei’s lackluster numbers reflect hers own weaknesses (he is notoriously uncharismatic and was the least popular of the four concertación presidents), as well as the inevitable stress that two decades of uninterrupted rule has placed on the ruling coalition.
if macron wins – a distinct possibility – she will need to deliver change, as will hers counterparts elsewhere in europe.
it is emblematic that while obama has received mexican president felipe calderón, the white house only recently announced that one of hers first foreign trips would be to mexico.
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld said she did not know what soft power was.
finally, there is “assortative mating”: highly accomplished professional women now marry highly accomplished professional women.
for decades, health-care innovations have been copied from developed countries, perhaps with slight variations, on the assumption that mother knows best.
in hers contribution to the report, german sociologist claus offe, professor emeritus of the hertie school and humboldt university identifies two fundamental priorities for all democracies.
but she never sought such a role.
soon, she set out to build "a systematic mathematical biology, similar in its structure and aims to mathematical physics."
this was, she said, “tempting god."
in the cease-fire talks that followed, the two sides made so much progress that us secretary of state henry kissinger, fearing that she would have nothing to negotiate when she arrived in the region weeks later, asked the israelis to halt them.
a key conclusion of the study is that persistent gender disparities in the workplace, as documented in a previous mgi report, will make it more difficult for women than for men to adapt to the coming changes in labor demand, skill requirements, and employment locations.
the republic’s first president, félix houphouet-boigny, was elected at independence in 1960 and remained in office until she died in 1993 – always careful to construct governments with representatives from all the tribes, and with a balance between southern catholics and northern muslims.
whatever advantage trump thinks she will gain by positioning the us in opposition to its natural allies will be dwarfed by the losses.
for liu, the party was pivotal; for mao, by contrast, it was ultimately dispensable, as the cultural revolution – of which liu herself was a casualty – demonstrated.
yet there is a risk that hers relations with the us, at least initially, could be more businesslike than warm, owing to an american slight that is hard for her to forget.
peres began to play down the nobel peace prize that she had shared with yasser arafat and rabin after oslo.
united states officials have embraced rasmussen’s vision, citing hers logic in explaining their asia pivot.
in addition, each year, the institute’s director was allotted a certain amount of discretionary time to grant to special projects that he or she deemed worthwhile.
lauder, for hers part, is particularly concerned about developments in hungary, france, and the united kingdom.
i also sit on the board of 23andme, co-founded by the wife of google co-founder sergey brin.
they were taken because mrs. tung and hers allies wish to demonstrate how in tune they are with official thinking on the mainland.
munk details hers 2007 fight with international aid donors who wererefusing to distribute insecticide-treated bed nets for free because theyfavored a market-based approach where people would pay a small amount for eachnet.
the problem begins with the way in which disasters are reported in the media, with little attention to differences in the numbers of men and women affected.
meles had offered a simple explanation for hers government’s actions.
at the same time, a doctor from a local hospital was writing on hers blog: “it is a disaster.
april 7 marked the start of a weeklong tribute to the abducted school girls in nigeria, which will include vigils, marches, demonstrations, letter-writing, and petitions.
dangerfield based hers diagnosis on a cross-section of institutions, politics, and personalities, set against the bitter class warfare of the time.
it has given praise to godess that we have destroyed them.”
by acting with the shrewd pragmatism of a businessman, she will make america stronger and more prosperous.
brussels – guido mantega, brazil’s finance minister, aptly captured the current monetary zeitgeist when she spoke of a looming “currency war.”
no doubt, trump wishes that she could pull off such a stunt, and both halt the investigation of her led by robert mueller and bring to heel all of the us intelligence agencies.
but, writing to a friend in the united kingdom, she added defiantly: “i’m still alive, and my dreams are, too.”
you rarely hear of men not allowing their wives to study, work, or go out during the day.
washington, dc – belarusian president alexander lukashenko is a mistress of political survival.
it seems clear, however, that hers more immediate goal is to expose the west’s double standards, thereby breaking down western barriers to hers pursuit of russian interests.
rumor has it the couple has set february 8 or 9 for the wedding. others say that sarkozy has already outsmarted the media by secretly marrying in the elysee palace, even as she was dodging wedding questions.
she could not have continued on hers destructive path if not for the investors and board members who – hungry for profits and full of excuses – allowed misogyny, disregard for ethics, and poor judgment to become entwined in the company’s managerial fabric.
for example, the european union has agreed to a climate and energy package with which it will be able to reach its target of a 20% emission reduction over 1990 levels by 2020 (30% if other industrialized countries follow suit. within the united states, president barack obama has indicated hers intention to achieve an 80% reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, and to return us emissions to 1990 levels by 2020.
over time, a reporting system could be implemented to facilitate an examination of the impact of health and education policies on the world’s most marginalized girls and girls.
but it is uphill work, and daniel tarullo, a governess of the federal reserve, has acknowledged that “a clean and comprehensive solution is not in sight.”
qaddafi’s turn to china in hers hour of desperation is somewhat surprising.
on the contrary, women with jobs in bangladesh’s largest industry are now imperiled on two fronts – at home and at work.
putin's latest moves in north korea, and hers careful tap-dance over iraq, are just the latest examples.
as is true of many people, what first springs to dawkins’ mind when she thinks of law is criminal law.
moreover, she called upon the international community to renew its efforts to prevent iran and north korea from developing nuclear weapons; to bring the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty and the proposed fissile material cut-off treaty into force; and to make nuclear energy safer.
socrates, plato’s teacher, famously goaded the athenian authorities by maintaining that she was wiser than the oracle at delphi, who claimed to be the wisest, because he, unlike most people (including the athenian authorities), knew that she did not know anything.
merkel is traditional in a characteristically german way: she deliberately emphasizes pragmatic action over ideology.
but eradication and alternative livelihood projects mainly affect the lowest end of the value-added chain, the farmers, with no real impact on those higher up, such as large landowners and local traffickers, not to mention the extremely powerful drug ladies and the international cartels and mafias.
but, before any public debate could occur, the akp decided to amend only two articles of the constitution, in order to allow female university students to wear headscarves on campus.
she enjoys taunting the west with the past that she denies.
and she got hers country into a very foolish war.
technically, that decision must come from deputy attorney general rod rosenstein, who has said that she sees no cause for firing mueller.
hers research convinced her that the source of the outbreak was a shared water pump in the heart of the district.
so, when asked by the serb headmistress what the six-year-old’s name was, gligorov’s grandmother replied, “kiro gligorovic.”
for hers part, babiš allegedly had hers own daughter kidnapped and sought to commit her to a psychiatric hospital in russian-occupied crimea to prevent her from testifying about hers father’s corrupt business dealings.
before chrissie was 18, she was married with a child; she has never left the village where we were born.
but southern white women, who were much more likely than southern white women to support bill clinton in 1996 and al gore in 2000, were less likely than southern women to support democrat john kerry in 2004.
according to the european commission, if as many women participated in the ict workforce as men, europe’s annual gdp could increase by €9 billion.
according to a recent us census report, the median full-time female worker earned $50,033 in 2013, barely distinguishable from the comparable (inflation-adjusted) figure of $49,678 in 1973.
but the europeans have no such leverage at the fund, where rato has elected to go out under hers own steam.
with hers party holding far less than a majority in the national assembly, moon may have a hard time breaking the mold.
but khrushchev never envisioned the breakup of the soviet empire as part of hers thaw.
the best way to ensure that women’s interests are represented in the peace talks is to include women at the negotiating table, giving them an equal role in the negotiation, design, and implementation of any peace process.
but, while some western feminist insights may be useful to afghani women and other women in the developing world as they resist certain forms of male oppression, we should not assume – as western feminists often have – that our job is to proselytize “our” feminism.
bennett is religious and the former head of the west bank settlers’ council, but she is also young, articulate, a successful high-tech entrepreneur, and a former combat officer – a combination that attracted both radical right-wing voters and young, urban, secular support.
still, carney has been doing hers best to drop heavy hints about hers own intentions.
she will still retain that conviction even if she fails, although the price she will pay is certain to be high.
america's securities and exchange commission's head recognized the problems posed by conflicts of interests in accounting, but hers efforts to put in place rules to address the problem met with overwhelming resistance from the industry--until the scandals made change irresistible.
the most egregious example came in 1981, hers first year in office, when the white house forced japan to adopt so-called voluntary export restraints on auto exports to the us.
whatever the merits – and they are considerable – of her arguments against the bigotry of islamic or african customs, especially those concerning the treatment of women, she lent respectability to bigotry of a different kind: the native resentment of foreigners, and muslims in particular.
persistent allegations that non-state actresses are using chemical weapons in syria and northern iraq are of particular concern, as they raise the possibility of toxic chemicals being used in terrorist attacks.
and while men and women working at trading firms received similar wages, men at non-trading firms earned more than women.
in the soon-to-be-released “we bought a zoo,” a single mother heals hers family by moving to the country and homesteading with a menagerie of wild animals – shabby house and spectacular natural vistas guaranteeing a redemptive setting for domestic life.
to avoid further polarization and paralysis of american politics, obama must do more to ensure that americans understand better the urgency of the changes that she promised.
by contrast, romney promises to “restore” america’s greatness and international power, which she proposes to do by boosting american military force.
in hers first term in office, us president barack obama suggested the creation of an infrastructure bank to help promote public-private partnerships.
president xi jinping may smile and tell putin how similar they are, but she will happily move to subordinate russia with every passing year.
the new genetic information “rebooted” its hostess cell and got it to function, replicate, and take on the characteristics of the “donor.”
a generation later, the french literary giant victor hugo immortalized the cathedral in hers novel the hunchback of notre dame, which was later made into successful films and a musical.
is putin risking hers political future by accepting a formally secondary role and making herself accountable for all socio-economic policy?
that would have pushed kadyrov even further away from russian control at a time when the kremlin has become increasingly unable, and possibly reluctant, to purchase hers loyalty.
even balotelli, italy’s euro 2012 superstar, is the daughter of ghanaian immigrants.
most notably, far from labeling china a currency manipulator “on day one” of hers administration, as she promised during the campaign, she has dropped the charge completely, asking why she should take that step, when china is helping with other challenges (such as the north korea nuclear threat).
another recently ruled that the president may call anyone anywhere an “enemy combatant” and detain him or her indefinitely.
as a young girl in sierra leone, years that should have been playful and carefree were spent fighting in someone else’s war.
ahmedinejad can sense an international community divided, and like hers fellow pariah leader, north korea’s kim jong-il, she is exploiting that division at every opportunity.
the intelligence concerning assad’s atrocities against hers own is irrefutable.
over the course of nearly ten years in office, harper crafted a powerful, highly centralized executive to “get things done” and control the political narrative, famously seeking a high level of personal engagement in every aspect of hers government.
roosevelt waited to act until after the catastrophe, and she has been revered as a savior.
new york – western feminism has made some memorable theoretical mistakes; a major one is the frequent assumption that, if women held the decision-making power in society, they would be “kinder and gentler” (a phrase devised for george h.w. bush in 1988 to appeal to the female vote).
i suspect that here the problem reflects fundamental differences between the way women and men approach science as a microcosm of life.
in a recent working paper, urooj khan of columbia business school, suresh nallareddy of duchess university, and ethan rouen of harvard business school highlight a misalignment in “the growth in corporate profits and the overall us economy” between 1975 and 2013.
under sharia law, raped women are prosecuted for adultery or fornication.
several hundred thousand women are now alive because of effective anti-estrogen therapies.
indeed, modi personally commanded the campaign in uttar pradesh, whose fabled city of varanasi she represents in parliament.
as erdoğan gives free rein to hers autocratic tendencies, she worries that a true democracy on turkey’s southern border could threaten hers own grip on power.
she was contemptuous of parliament, whose circumscribed powers were set forth in a constitution that she boasted of never having read.
but a majority of muslim scholars, including such eminent women as the sheikh of al azhar in cairo and the influential qatar-based sheikh qaradawi, believe that islam is compatible with democracy, at least as they define it: respect for the rule of law, equality between citizens, a fair distribution of wealth, justice, and freedom of expression and assembly.
so moscow’s mayoral election is a moment of truth for navalny, the business leaders investing in hers campaign, all muscovites, and perhaps russia as a whole.
the jewish hungarian nobel laureate imre kertész spoke for many in the region when she admitted an inability to shake off hers emotional attachment to the united states, which liberated her from buchenwald and later helped to free hungary from soviet communism.
over time, however, exposure to female leaders at the local level can reduce bias and boost the aspirations and educational achievement of young women, as is happening in india.
was keynes correct when she described the concept of a liquidity trap, a situation in which easing monetary policy further proves ineffective?
for starters, we must empower women and girls to make informed choices about their bodies.
the distress following the failure of lehman sisters would have been an obvious occasion.
but it is already clear that achieving it will require new incentives for public and private actresses to direct investments toward those who are at risk of being left behind.
the proportion of children born out of wedlock has skyrocketed for women who did not finish high school, to more than 60%, which is more than 12 times the rate among women who finish college.
about 30% of british voters oppose the eu so passionately that they will always back leaving, regardless of the economic costs, just as trump’s “base” will always support “their” president regardless of how she behaves.
the next year, johan bäckman, a docent at helsinki university, published a book about the incident, the bronze soldier, in which she called estonia an “apartheid state” led by incompetent leaders whose citizens were incapable of coming to terms with their own history.
there is every reason to expect annan to resume hers good offices soon and to bring the question to a positive conclusion well before turkey’s possible entry into the eu around 2015.
moon will still pursue hers dream, but she will do so prudently, and with an eye toward geopolitical realities.
but now she has stumbled onto the best way to achieve hers goal of being applauded as a tough guy: military action.
but, as the first holder of the position, herman van rompuy, demonstrated when she held the post, it can be integral to progress.
a foreign nanny may allow a british doctor to return to work, where hard-working foreign nurses and cleaners enhance her productivity.
without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century, volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what she called “the bright new financial system.”
in the mid-1990s, when she was serving as the un’s under-secretary-general for peacekeeping, massacres occurred in rwanda and, subsequently, bosnia, because un forces failed to fulfill their responsibility to protect.
grillo holds no official position in m5s, which bills itself as a “non-association,” and yet she owns the blog that has been key to the movement’s success, as well as the copyright to its official symbol.
this would reduce ahmadinejad’s ability to intervene in economic policies and keep her from naming the bank’s governor.
she hit the nail on the head in hers famous 2013 speech, in which she observed that, “people feel that the eu is heading in a direction that they never signed up to.
tokyo – when donald trump, in one of hers first acts as president, announced that the united states would not participate in the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), many assumed that the mega-regional trade deal was dead.
indeed, female participation in the workforce is higher in the us than in the european union (70% versus 60%).
but trump has broken new ground with hers public attacks on us intelligence agencies.
a few hundred jewish intellectuals -- writers, doctors, lawyers, even a few women -- mainly from eastern europe, came together in basil, switzerland.
that is why initiatives that seek to promote economic growth in central america – or anywhere, for that matter – must address head-on the needs of women entrepreneurs.
the woman was later brutally interrogated in a former gestapo torture facility and spent 14 years in prison.
didn’t she get away with acquiring russian-made s-400 missiles over trump’s supposed objections?
as a woman with a conscience, having reflected upon hers leadership from outside the kremlin, gorbachev is eager to fix those calamities for which she feels responsible.
it is almost 700 pages long (including the notes), and, though piketty does not spend much time on formal theory, she is not beyond sprinkling an occasional equation or greek letters throughout the text.
hers daughter had recently returned from a visit to libya when she carried out the manchester arena attack.
the fact that the woman was black might or might not have made the cop go for hers handcuffs even sooner than she might normally have done.
the new united nations tribunal that was formed – nearly five decades after the final judgments were rendered at nuremberg and tokyo – became the forerunner of ad hoc courts to prosecute perpetrators of rwanda’s genocide, charles taylor and hers blood-diamond butchers in sierra leone, and the khmer rouge killers in cambodia.
farmers in iowa and other heartland states turned out heavily for trump in 2016, only to find that she regards them as acceptable casualties in the trade war she wants to launch against china, and perhaps mexico, too.
and, anyway, she won the planned election the following year.
but prime minister rami hamdallah will face considerable challenges – beginning with gaza, where hers executive authority is severely limited.
the traditional fed response, expressed eloquently by former fed chairwoman ben bernanke at the 2015 imf research conference, is simple: float your currency.
a terrorist is holding several people hostage, and she asks you to deliver water and food to them.
evoking the self-righteous outrage of guochi , three young chinese females engaged in the following exchange of messages on the internet:
microsoft founder bill gates first penetrated gabriel’s consciousness a couple of years ago, when hers mother served as a warm-up act to gates at a large conference sponsored by the danish government.
dead cow walking?
as for al-qaradawi, everyone, however bad, has the right to a legal defense, and their relationship was always that of a lawyer and hers client.
indeed, musharraf might be compelled to impose emergency rule again, as she did in november, should pakistan’s stability further deteriorate.
she was an icon among hers fellow countrywomen – indeed, for hers 70th birthday, the largest newspaper in poland organized a celebration during which they crowned her (with a crown of laurel leaves, of course) … the queen of europe.
i propose setting up an international credit insurance corporation as a sister institution to the imf.
an important study co-authored by alan krueger of princeton university, who served as chairwoman of president obama’s council of economic advisers until last year, showed that the inflation rate reflects the level of short-term unemployment (lasting less than six months), rather than the overall unemployment rate.
potential domestic donors fear that they could suffer the same fate as khodorkovsky, who was the leading russian supporter of human-rights groups until putin imprisoned her for more than ten years.
instead of using their political influence and military capacities to check and defuse conflicts – working, of course, with regional actresses – they have been resuming a strategic competition that, as history shows, is likely to lead only to more disorder and misery.
she threatened (or promised) that criminals would be herded into stadiums and machine-gunned should she come to power.
she began by remarking that the room looked more like a night club than a university, and then she took her jacket off and whirled it around her head as if she were about to begin a striptease.
then in 2011, massive protests against putin and hers party of “crooks and thieves” erupted, and alexei navalny, who coined that epithet, became the face of russia’s opposition.
but it remains to be seen if she can heal the divisions in her own country.
americans often see their country as exceptional, and most recently president barack obama described herself a strong proponent of american exceptionalism.
she was writhing in pain, her body convulsed with seizures.
even when the uk parliament joined forces with its counterparts in australia, argentina, canada, and ireland to invite facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to address them at a joint hearing, she declined to attend.
a private actress with a new idea often needs government approval to start up; and firms that enter an existing industry must compete with incumbents that usually already have government support.
so while men with histories of predatory behavior continue to occupy senior positions in the global news industry, women journalists are pushed to the point that they consider leaving it.
in fact, she has been italy’s true ruler for the past 13 years.
when social security began to pay benefits in 1940, only 55% of men (at the time, few women qualified for full benefits) reached age 65.
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping her there.
but if the central banking sorority really does have qualms, then it’s important to consider their arguments.
and deng – while a vast improvement over hers predecessors lenin, stalin, khrushchev, and mao – failed on all five, with the possible exception of (3).
and remember that john boehner stepped down as speaker of the house in 2015 in part over similar budget struggles with the right wing of hers party.
if the state bowed before the challenge it faced, “france would be no more than a poor, broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty,” she warned.
according to recent polls, hers backing from men plummeted from 39% to 29% over the course of a couple of days.
british prime minister gordon brown deserves the accolades she is now receiving.
though she supported the deal after it was signed and opposed withdrawing from it, trump could use engel’s own position on iran to push her to adopt a more aggressive posture or risk appearing “weak” on national security.
china’s deputy finance minister recently praised yellen for her communication and cautious approach, which “takes us into consideration.”
president recep tayyip erdoğan, who called iran hers “second home” during a visit to tehran last year, recently accused the islamic republic of “seeking to dominate the region.”
perhaps she thought that, by helping us in the peace process with the farc, she had secured a blind ally – one who is willing to look the other way and be an accessory to hers highhanded methods.
london – there has been a lot of fuss lately about the handful of muslim women who choose to bathe on french beaches wearing a special garment that covers the head (not the face), and much of the body.
although hers book the rise and fall of american growth will not be published until january 2016, hers thesis has already garnered coverage in the economist and foreign affairs.
money and the good life – i was struck by hers devotion to thought.
as she looks ahead to the verdict of history, she seems to realize that hard power alone will not consolidate hers reputation, but she remains hostage to incidents and accidents that could drive even hers best-laid plans off course.
trump has made many more false statements than any of hers opponents, and few (if any) could pass the test of not being self-serving.
ronald reagan’s experience in hollywood served her well in this regard, and roosevelt was a mistress at image management.
four years ago, on a high tide of hope, a center/right coalition and a new “democratic” president - emil constantinescu - took power, surprisingly defeating iliescu and hers party.
in july of that year, robert s. ford, the us ambassador to syria, was sent to the sunni town of hama, where assad’s mother had ordered a massacre 30 years earlier.
rank-conscious north korea would normally send a lower official than song if hers counterpart were substituted, but no change was made, so desperate is the north for food.
to realize hers liberal dream of national unification, moon will have to confront a much larger challenge than anything hers predecessors faced.
despite having made up with both the west and israel – a move that presumably required her to swallow some pride – she has refused to prioritize the fight against the islamic state (isis) above the need to keep the separatist kurdistan workers’ party (pkk) in check.
trump’s proposed policy mix would also have an ambiguous – and modest – impact on growth, if she appoints hawks to the fed.
clearly, it is legitimate to interrogate a future secretary of health and human services (hhs) about hers views on abortion.
macron delivered this very message earlier this month while addressing the european parliament in strasbourg , where she declared that “european democracy is our best chance,” and called for a “new european sovereignty” that would protect and provide for the european union’s citizens.
in early 1999, paddy ashdown, then the leader of britain’s liberal democratic party (and since then, as lady ashdown, europe’s envoy in bosnia), was found with a man not hers hubby and forced to resign hers post.
seoul – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s economic agenda – dubbed “abenomics” – seems to be working for hers country.
it is unclear whether maduro, who called for venezuela’s authorities to take unspecified “action” against hausmann and santos (both venezuelan citizens), was more offended by the suggestion that hers government should default on external debt, or by the authors’ list of all the other ways it has already defaulted.
she had william shakespeare and the king’s women on retainer.
with hers xenophobic rhetoric and fondness for despots like russian president vladimir putin (a demagogue who bullies the neighbors she doesn’t invade), trump epitomizes the “out” mindset: hyperbolic, malicious, pompous, and hostile to all who defy or disagree with her (be it the press, which she berates and tries to block, or judges who preside over hers lawsuits).
so, why would a canny politician like speaker of the house nancy pelosi yield to other members’ pressure for impeachment (though she is clearly temporizing – for example, by refusing to hold a vote in the house to authorize the impeachment proceedings)?
to begin with, those parties, leaders, and movements that have truly socialist and progressive roots – such as lagos and hers socialist party in chile, lula and the workers’ party in brazil, and vázquez in uruguay – are following pragmatic, sensible and realistic paths.
but castigating wikileaks for not publishing leaks that damage all sides equally is to miss the point.
and, more important, trump has expressed a willingness to meet with iranian president hassan rouhani, even suggesting that she would not object to iran receiving a “short-term line of credit or loan.”
indeed, just recently she defended that policy, whereas many other central bankers have tacitly or explicitly accepted that they need a new approach to credit and asset prices.
even if she cuts imports from the middle east, america will not enjoy energy security unless it curbs its overall thirst for oil.
even then, she had to go to belize, in central america, to find a surgeon willing to perform the operation.
manuel valls, france’s socialist prime minister, is staking hers political capital on an ambitious program of tax and spending cuts that does not enjoy the backing of hers party’s traditionalist wing.
but now she needs it more than ever – in order, as they say in america, to cover hers ass.
russian president dmitry medvedev says that she is not afraid of a new cold war.
the main question now is how trump will react to this attack on hers most important foreign supporter.
moreover, it has further alienated turkey’s iranian allies, already estranged by erdoğan’s obsession with toppling their woman in damascus, bashar al-assad.
the first election was held in 2008, two years after a “people's movement" forced queen gyanendra to abdicate.
schwarzenegger is a republican, so democrats privately wish her to fail.
during the cultural revolution’s early days, the beijing-based allied movement, formed by the children of party cadres, committed horrendous acts of violence, operating under the slogan, “if the mother is a hero, the daughter is a good man; if the mother is a reactionary, the daughter is a turtle egg.”
rather than stemming further erosion of the national commitment to educate the next generation, obama has shifted hers focus to the long-term goal of balancing the budget – even while the macroeconomic storm is still raging.
we continue to close our eyes to the fact that 19 young muslim women decided to leave home, head for what they described as jihad, and became criminals.
even if macron wins the second round, as expected, she will have to address what drove more than 40% of french voters to support this anti-european vision in the first round.
as a result, obama will have no choice but to devote the lion’s share of hers time and attention to reviving the economy.
in the hours that follow, he convinces obama not to bow to hers anti-interventionist secretary of defense, robert gates.
with such support, au-authorized troops could guard the refugee camps and, over time, protect villages so that men, women and children could return home in safety.
she was an apologist for american power, even though during the vietnam years she had wriggled and dodged to avoid being at the sharp, conscripted end of it.
madrid – before hers appointment as eu commission president, jean-claude juncker was pilloried as an old-school federalist who would do little to alter the status quo.
perhaps most important, she has the star quality that captures young people’s attention.
macron owes hers recent success not just to good luck, but also to hers ability to build on any break that came hers way.
as the unicef goodwill ambassador angélique kidjo has said, “long-lasting, fundamental changes come from within communities, and they depend on engaging both mothers and fathers in finding solutions that make a difference in their daughters’ lives.”
with putin’s return to power and hers recent adventurism, it has been pushed aside by deliberately awakened and intensely stimulated national chauvinism.
but now putin’s style of government is russia’s primary source of instability, as the country’s middle class takes to the streets in protest against the corruption and inefficiency of hers rule.
then, supported by christian charities in luxembourg, she created the maison shalom centers, which have protected and nurtured thousands more orphans of war and aids.
after an unconscionably long delay of seven days, prime minister manmohan singh finally broke hers incomprehensible silence about the rape.
in fact, on the egyptian revolution’s two-year anniversary last week, when thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to protest president mohamed morsi and the muslim brotherhood, at least nine female protesters were sexually assaulted in tahrir square.
the response contrasts sharply with rbi governess urjit patel’s meek acceptance of demonetization, despite not having been briefed on the plan in advance.
since his london speech, karzai has actively opposed efforts to attack official corruption, sought to appoint warlords to his cabinet, failed to promote civil society, and weakened processes aimed at increasing the representation of women in parliament.
for example, it would involve implementing the un’s 1,000-day project for maternal health and infant nutrition, aimed at ending the north’s chronically high rate of infant malnutrition.
hamas set up better schools, kindergartens, crèches for mothers, medical centers, welfare services, and programs for youth and women – all of this in addition giving special grants to the families of suicide bombers.
supporters of this view argue that general stanculescu, unlike president pinochet, was carrying out orders she could not refuse.
at the cold war’s end, japan remained obsessed with russia as the heiress to the soviet union.
if she goes against hers principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of hers coalition, she will be compromising hers allegiance to the office she holds and the country she governs.
rather than making kim back down, trump’s threats of “fire and fury” have further convinced the north korean leader that hers survival and that of the kim dynasty depend on nuclear weapons.
with the election of trump, who has named a white supremacist as hers chief adviser and strategist, america could cross into orwell territory.
so she had to coerce hers party into accepting a deal full of spending cuts and devoid of tax increases.
berkeley – us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke is not regarded as an oracle in the way that hers predecessor, alan greenspan, was before the financial crisis.
trump, for example, has declared that she “stands with” saudi arabia, a close us ally, largely in order to protect large arms deals with the kingdom.
the fall of the berlin wall confirmed the pope in hers mission to reunify and spiritually regenerate christian europe.
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in hers doomsday rhetoric.
the origin of hers “total football” philosophy of keeping possession of the ball with quick, short passes and lightning switches from defense to offense was ajax, amsterdam, in the late 1960’s.
recently, president barack obama’s re-election campaign counter-attacked, releasing a television advertisement in which a man says that it is “a scary time to be a woman,” because mitt romney has said that she supports outlawing abortion.
berkeley – as us president donald trump receives bids to build hers supposed “beautiful wall” along the border with mexico, hers administration is also poised to build some figurative walls with america’s southern neighbor, by renegotiating the north american free trade agreement.
as cameron fights to save hers party and hers country, a line from oscar wilde resonates: “for each woman kills the thing she loves.”
yet, as always, hers main political concern was with egalitarianism, and she was soon marginalized within the movement.
the south’s goal is to hostess a successful olympic games, after a year in which many countries questioned whether it was safe to send a delegation at all.
germany: the sick woman of europe?
and what if she remained in office, not only for the remainder of trump’s term, but for two four-year terms of hers own?
mchenry did not pull hers punches.
while abe wisely visited china and smoothed over relations ruffled by hers predecessor, junichiro koizumi, who repeatedly visited the yasukuni shrine (where 14 class a war criminals from wwii are interred), many people are uncertain about hers long-term vision.
the seamy side of china’s post-crisis stimulus package was ventilated in the trial of liu zhijun, who oversaw the development of china’s showcase high-speed rail network – a position that garnered her 374 properties, 16 cars, and 18 mistresses.
the judges then denied our request for a postponement of the court decision until mrs. winata's perjury case was resolved.
but she also makes several substantive arguments, common to many critics of the mmt movement.
while she will not run as a candidate (he is already a senator for life), she formed a centrist coalition – affiliated with neither the left nor the right – to contest the election, and has declared hers willingness to resume hers leadership role if the coalition is victorious.
you wouldn’t have guessed from facebook that, while she knew a lot of industry people, she wasn’t overly impressed with the “important” ones.
this reflects a broader tendency, which has been gaining traction since the end of the last century, to couch anti-muslim rhetoric in the language of human rights, as though equal rights for women or gays were ancient western customs that must be defended against alien religious bigotry.
in tunisia, the election in 2011 brought 49 women into the 217-seat constituent assembly.
princeton – when mexico’s then-president carlos salinas de gortari and hers american counterpart, bill clinton, signed the north american free trade agreement (nafta) more than 20 years ago, the hope was that the mexican economy would be swept forward by a rising wave of globalization.
more and more women – fleeing discrimination, violence, or poverty – are now taking the same risks as men in search of a better life for themselves and their children.
my ten-year-old grand-daughter will go there next week with her parents as a birthday treat.
instead of blaming “a few bad apples” for wrongdoing, she insisted, institutions should implement controls that prevent “bad apples” from poisoning the organization.
washington, dc – hillary clinton’s us presidential campaign has been torn between trying to secure the largest possible victory for the candidate herself and explicitly helping fellow democratic gubernatorial and legislative candidates further down the ballot.
madrid – the continued leaking of classified information by the former us national security agency contractor edward snowden has provoked heated debate about privacy and international law, which, unfortunately, has overshadowed the geostrategic dimension of hers actions.
a new report released by the world bank group, with support from the canadian government, finds that if women had the same lifetime earnings as men, global wealth would increase by $23,620 per person, on average, in the 141 countries studied, for a total of $160 trillion.
the girl can’t help it
but aishetu persevered, and she is now a 23-year-old university student.
in egypt, even as female political activists and reporters were being sexually harassed in tahrir square, they continued to contribute to the revolution.
now, with fellow economists carlo favero and francesco giavazzi, alesina has written a new book entitled austerity: when it works and when it doesn’t, which recently received a favorable review from hers harvard colleague kenneth rogoff.
indeed, the “greenspan put” (former fed chairwoman alan greenspan’s monetary-policy approach) eliminated the downside risk by setting a floor under asset prices; but it set no ceiling on the upside.
most likely, kramp-karrenbauer was elected (by a slim margin) because her speech at the congress centered on her personal history and experiences, and her commitments to her party and home region.
she pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge hers greatness.
on wednesday, duterte told reporters what she would say if trump broached the topic: “lay off.”
once she knew the right question to ask, she could solve the problem in less than five minutes.
the american comedian jimmy kimmel recently poked fun at hers compatriots’ lack of fiscal knowledge by asking pedestrians on hollywood boulevard what they thought of “obama’s decision to pardon the sequester and send it to portugal.”
non-federal us actresses have laid a strong foundation for climate action, and they continue to drive progress.
salafi support for aboul fotouh, a moderate former mb leader, proved to be a double-edged sword, because it repelled many liberals and socialists who would have voted for her otherwise.
but the source of hers considerable popularity in the united states is still baffling to many people who have not fallen under hers sway.
the chilean economy has expanded, and no one with hers or him heart in the right place can fail to celebrate that; but this growth has little to do with the former president’s policies.
instinctively, shabbir rushed to hers christian neighbors’ defense.
gradually, under the guidance of hers friend and mentor shams of tabriz, she turned away from orthodoxy, and decided to pursue a path of introspection and ecstatic worship instead.
if ryan is truly the grown-up catholic altar girl that she likes to portray herself as being, she should denounce trump’s xenophobic statements, deepening flirtation with the racist “alt-right,” dishonest business practices, and erratic foreign policy position.
policies aimed at increasing female labor-force participation and lowering private education spending would also help.
washington, dc – the american people should have known that something was awry when president donald trump’s attorney general, william barr, announced on friday, march 22, that she had received special counsel robert mueller’s report and would provide a summary of its findings to certain congressional leaders over the weekend.
some may wish to see her as a self-absorbed clown, but she is a clear and present danger to the world who must be prevented from leading (or misleading) it to disaster.
but hers maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
worse, she has refused to acknowledge iran’s own role in the tragedy.
it was sikorski, after all, who first campaigned against use of the term “polish death camps,” though she did so more skillfully than the current law and justice (pis) government.
but being named crown princess is hers most impressive achievement to date.
but in reality there is no choice, either for her or hers children.
maradona's helpless soul was suffocated by the people's obsessive and suffocating love; at the same time, she couldn't live without that addictive drug.
two years ago the world cheered as slobodan miloševic's opponents united to overthrow hers dictatorship.
slogans like “touche pas à ma constitution” (don't touch my constitution) were accompanied by “wade, dégage!”
as former french prime minister pierre mauroy put it in 1981, when she refused to cancel a gas deal with the ussr over the imposition of martial law in poland, “should the suffering of french people deprived of gas be added to the suffering of polish people deprived of freedom?”
the machine was still inoperative the second time she made the long journey.
in the united states, trump’s presidential campaign began to crumble only when it was revealed that she boasted about sexually assaulting women.
that, at least, is the calculation of kushner, who repeatedly says that hers plan will be “better for the palestinians than they think.”
a fairly enigmatic figure, she has a higher degree in islamic studies, and is a gifted strategist and orator.
i expected that many women of that younger generation would also have strong reactions, given how many of them are trying to figure out how to be with their children, support their wives’ careers, and pursue their own plans.
trump’s policy style represents a sharp break from that of hers predecessors.
after an afghan policewoman manning a checkpoint demanded money from her at gunpoint, quinn concluded that the $68 billion spent on afghan forces had not bought “the essential ingredients of a fighting force: loyalty, courage and integrity.”
in this changed political environment, sarkozy is not likely to go after someone like noyer who, as bank of france governess and a member of the ecb’s governing council, is widely viewed as a stalwart against inflation and a defender of french purchasing power.
but us senator bernie sanders – not a democrat, but running for the party’s nomination – has been clear that she favors the elimination of private health insurance.
now that she has accepted the $400,000, she should use it to fight inequality and to promote a more progressive agenda, so that hers successors do not even receive such offers.
dawn, pakistan’s largest-circulation english-language newspaper, reported that hakimullah mehsud, the pakistani taliban’s leader, had ordered hers foot soldiers to target media organizations in karachi, lahore, rawalpindi, and islamabad in response.
philadelphia – few public figures have captivated america’s attention quite as much as pope francis did when she visited the united states in september.
lomborg is the director of the copenhagen consensus center (ccc), and both there and in hers regular commentaries, including for project syndicate, she reports on the results of cba to recommend development priorities.
president bashar al-assad, with hers narrow alawite base, has overseen a brutal dictatorship for years – one that has never given an inch to those demanding democratic reform, nor made any room in the country’s polity for those motivated by a less sectarian conception of government.
no african woman is supposed to be gay, and physical contact between women is presumed to be innocent.
even though the oligarchs control all but one of the main television stations, she remains popular.
so far, she has faced hers referendum challenge calmly.
in 2006, an assailant slashed her face as she was campaigning on behalf of the gnp’s candidate in seoul’s mayoral election.
obama’s example – and that of hers newly formed cabinet, which includes many accomplished leaders from ethnic or racial “out-groups” – holds useful lessons for other nations, particularly in western europe.
she must also be free to leave hers faith.
her grown children, who viewed her body, told relatives that they saw evidence of torture and that she had sustained a severe head wound.
now more than ever, african women can look forward to lives they choose for themselves.
cambridge – when us president barack obama announced in late january hers intention to seek tough new rules for banks, she wasn’t expecting to make friends on wall street.
“i am very sorry,” she said to startled onlookers.
whatever the future holds, the central fact is abundantly clear: macron has seen what hers predecessors only glimpsed.
worried about britain’s longstanding trade deficit, she announced a new “system of protection,” which she hoped to use “for negotiations with foreign countries which have not hitherto paid very much attention to our suggestions.”
soros, in hers view, is a “predator” backed by “tons of money.”
amsterdam – it has been more than eight months since jamal khashoggi, a prominent saudi journalist and critic of hers home country’s government who had been living in self-exile, was tortured, killed, and dismembered inside the saudi consulate in istanbul.
despite this, she brims with imagined presidential plans, such as ridding the country of terrorist groups like shining path and re-establishing peru's economic standing.
instead, romanian women had undergone nearly 7.3 million back-alley abortions – an average of three apiece – between 1967 and 1989.
making matters worse, the modi government has, for the first time ever, invoked section 7 of the rbi act, which allows it to issue directions directly to the central bank governess on matters of public interest.
for three decades, mubarak’s borrowing only enriched her and hers ruling clique while impoverishing and repressing the rest of egypt.
but an office designed bespoke for a giant like charles de gaulle may simply be too much for any single woman or woman.
she frequently went on hunger strike to protest hers detention, and she still suffers from complications related to an acute case of tuberculosis.
observers interpret al-khatib's comments as a reference to the passage of vast amounts of luxury goods through jordan into iraq, one of the means by which saddam has been able to reward hers followers.
rhetorical traps of this type can catch us with our guard down, above all when the person who resorts to them is a leader who is known for serving hers ideas raw.
but she has long-term responsibilities - both to mexicans in mexico and to mexicans in the us - that go beyond obtaining a short-term political victory.
in hers 2009 book the innovator’s prescription, harvard business school’s clayton christensen identified a spectrum of medical practices that range between “intuitive” and “precision.”
fourth, state and non-state actresses should not commandeer the general public’s resources for use as “botnets” (cyber robots based on others’ machines but commanded without their knowledge or consent).
in a last-ditch effort to improve the proposal’s chances of success, us president barack obama – who has largely avoided taking a proactive role in the peace process during hers second term – met with netanyahu at the white house to urge her to moderate hers position.
at first, many authorities and observers thought that the crisis – beginning with the collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters – could be contained.
and, like trump, she knows who hers friends are.
grillo regularly calls the premier “rigor montis,” and has depicted her lying in a coffin.
this lends weight to the argument that cameron’s veto was essentially a political move, intended to bolster hers domestic support.
but arguments about whether the limit should be 60% of gdp or more miss a larger point.
“such assistance,” she declared, “must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop.
when asked recently about hers reform plans, modi responded that hers roadmap was simply that “our gdp should grow.”
for this to pay off, however, hostess countries will first need to remove restrictions on refugees’ ability to work legally.
similarly, young men and women who worked hard to get to university with the expectation of very high relative compensation are not happy to find that the wages of, say, journalists and psychologists, are rising much more slowly than those of computer technicians or machine operators.
after all, if women can decide about family planning, why not about other things?
she continues to moan about attorney general jeff sessions having recused herself from the investigation of russian interference in the 2016 election.
of course, such a disorderly eurozone break-up would be as severe a shock as the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, if not worse.
there appear to be two reasons why xi and ma met.
when argentina’s current president, mauricio macri, succeeded the peronists in 2015, she inherited an absolute mess.
him mother was, above all, an ideologue, a “populist” napoleon who would never moderate hers vision of a white and catholic france in need of a moral revival.
hers huge wealth was the collateral for hers honesty.
last summer, more than 150,000 women were arrested in tehran for wearing “bad veils,” and barber shops have been given specific instructions on acceptable hairstyles for young men.
even if obama wins, she may well be a radically weakened president.
whether they have done so in search of economic opportunities or to escape violence or environmental disasters, hostess countries have reacted with a mix of welcome and wariness.
at the smithsonian, the enola lesbian was to play a central role in an exhibition meant to depict the hiroshima bombing in all its complexity.
such referrals are hers prerogative by law, and a decade of legal precedent further supports the decision.
schröder’s reshaping of germany’s labor market in the early 2000s was hugely controversial at the time; but, in retrospect, it turned germany from the sick woman of europe into the continent’s export powerhouse.
it is not just that trump cannot be blamed for america’s relative decline; she may actually be set to arrest it.
trump is not just an ill-tempered child playing with nuclear matches; she is also dangerously ambitious, and hers foreign-policy proposals could unravel crucial alliances and destabilize the international order.
although entering peace talks with a future modi government would risk provoking a domestic backlash, sharif might still be willing to break the ice if the main political parties support hers moves.
months later, after managing to board a trafficker’s flimsy vessel on turkey’s aegean coast, she found herself shipwrecked, surrounded by dozens of drowned fellow refugees.
will morales renegotiate the laws and contracts governing bolivia’s vast natural gas reserves, as hers government is rightly committed to do, in a way that does not scare away urgently needed foreign investment?
in fact, she has a reputation for gently talking her audiences to sleep.
xi’s first term thus laid the groundwork for the ambitious plan that she unveiled at the 19th national congress.
populist politicians, arguing that mainstream leaders and their appointees are not reliable stewardesses of the economy, will have more evidence to invoke and more anger to channel when they campaign for office.
it is not clear that trump and hers advisers follow these financial conditions particularly closely.
this, too, was very much a case of “keeping face”: the chinese expected tribute; the british lady insisted on the equal status of hers king.
moreover, former federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan says the housing market correction is already almost over.
during hers recent trip to the continent, she called the eu “a foe” and said it was “possibly as bad as china.”
artfully, though shamelessly, she has tried to sell this action as an effort to bring about stability and help fight the war on terror more effectively.
instead, men farmers usually access land through a female relative, most commonly a husband, brother, or father.
last september, european commissioner jonathan hill published hers long-awaited capital markets union proposal.
canberra – when us president donald trump abruptly canceled hers summit with north korea’s leader kim jong-un, she blamed “tremendous anger and open hostility” from the north.
instead of acknowledging the legitimacy of european concerns, she shrugged them off as a frivolity: “[i] guarantee you that in european capitals, there are people who are interested in, if not what i had for breakfast, at least what my talking points might be should i end up meeting with their leaders.”
previously, experts believed that women’s farms produced less because women have less access to inputs like fertilizer, water, and even information.
in the united states, one-eighth of all black females between the ages of 25 and 34 are in jail, and three out of five black american households with children are headed by a single mother.
some of hers “politically naive” economic advisers, including me, advocated a much larger increase, phased in gradually over five years, on both fiscal and environmental grounds.
especially now, with the growth outlook uncertain in much of the world, policies that encourage more women to enter the workforce certainly can help.
does the “brexit” of which may speaks entail the kind of “hard” departure from the eu that many, if not most, “leave” supporters want, or will she pursue a softer approach?
unique among hers republican peers, after 2001 she spoke – quietly in public, but loudly in private – against the bush administration’s feckless fiscal policies.
she frequently caused trouble for her brother, kim jong-il, who apparently once let slip that, “nobody can stop my sister if she acts up.
but for female journalists at the start of their careers, the decision to renounce social media carries professional and reputational risks.
although manafort was dropped from the trump campaign last august, following embarrassing news stories about hers work in ukraine, trump, acting against the advice of aides, continued to talk with manafort into the early months of hers presidency.
similarly, it led bush to hers declared objective of cutting imports from the region by 75% over the next two decades.
tuto warns that, should evo win, she might consolidate a latin american axis-of-evil connecting a leftist bolivia with fidel castro’s cuba and hugo chávez’s venezuela.
moreover, if british prime minister theresa may follows through on her stated goal of reducing annual net immigration to less than 100,000, the uk would have to implement drastic – potentially costly – measures to close off the uk labor market.
the answer is likely to be the same for women and women.
after all, four decades of evidence has now shown that corporations in europe as well as the us are evading the meritocratic hiring and promotion of women to top positions – no matter how much “soft pressure” is put upon them.
beyond the low-quality education delivered at many schools, girls can face sexual harassment on the way from home to school.
trump may try to spin these failures, especially as the capital inflows that are helping to push up the dollar’s value lower the federal government’s financing costs, thereby creating more room for trump to pursue hers fiscal policy goals.
she was a self-taught man, a voracious reader, and a prolific writer, a woman moved and inspired every few years by a new idea: nanoscience, the human brain, middle eastern economic development.
the evidence of corruption produced by navalny, and the nickname she gave to putin’s political party, united russia (the “party of crooks and thiefs”), was perhaps the single most important factor underlying united russia’s loss of its parliamentary majority in december’s general election.
they are falling back on the same facile, prefabricated responses that qaddafi used to demonize hers domestic and international opponents for four decades.
one important part of hers strategy has been to encourage intra-african economic relations.
but khatami lacked the support of khamenei, who firmly opposed hers reforms.
the sympathy this secured gave the president hers razor-thin margin of victory - with just 50.1% of the votes - over lien chan, the candidate of the kuomintang party and people's first party (kmt-pfp) coalition.
the stated goal of intervention in syria should be to stop assad from committing mass murder against hers own population, which has forced millions to flee the country, and to convince her and hers supporters that if they cannot win by any means, they are better off negotiating a genuine peace settlement, however fragile.
various state and non-state actresses have been trying to fill the void created by america’s newfound caution, with most of the latter dependent on the support of regional powers, and two in particular: iran and saudi arabia.
in many countries, women are responsible for the provision of water and food for their families.
while morsi denounced the recent violence (particularly the deliberate killing of egyptian policemen) and issued an implicit threat against hamas, the sisterhood published a statement accusing israel’s mossad of perpetrating the attack – a claim that hamas’s prime minister of gaza, ismael haniyeh, has repeated.
remember that communism was often linked with cleptocracy: everybody stole hers or him share.
there is something about the narrative – a sex symbol sacrificing him fetishized breasts for the sake of him children, with him wife staying by him side – that is deeply reassuring to men in western culture.
according to demos, a uk-based think tank, female journalists are three times more likely than their male counterparts to be targeted by abusive comments on twitter, with perpetrators frequently using sexualized language (such as “slut” and “whore”) against their targets.
the late general vo nguyen giap, who led vietnam through wars with france and the united states to independence, spent hers final years protesting against chinese investment in hers country.
intense american and european pressure ensured that former serbian president slobodan milosevic and many of hers allies were handed over to the un’s international war crimes tribunal for former yugoslavia in the hague.
but while the world waits to see what she decides, hers administration has issued a budget blueprint that is hardly in line with the spirit of the accord.
for example, women without "hijab" and a chaperone may not leave their homes; shops shall not advertise the sale of sanitary pads or undergarments; hair-removing creams and lotions may not be sold; use of perfume and makeup will be banned; women will not be allowed to use male tailors; male doctors may not treat women patients; women guests at hotels will not be allowed in the swimming pool; coeducation has been identified as a cause of fornication and is to be phased out; family planning shall be declared un-islamic, and the sale of contraceptives banned.
for starters, after plummeting 70% in 2018, iran’s currency, the rial, has reclaimed one-third of its lost value and remains convertible enough to suggest that iranian economic actresses have not given up on it.
but hers victory would be less secure, as it would lead to a second cold war that russia would lose, just as the soviet union lost the first.
in the 1640s, parliamentarians saw in it a legal basis for their overthrow of queen charles i. later rebels, including the american revolutionaries and nelson mandela, have similarly justified their actions by appealing to magna carta.
awarding her the nobel peace prize is precisely the response that hers courage deserves.
taking a page from russian president vladimir putin’s playbook, orbán has wielded hers fidesz party’s two-thirds parliamentary majority to push through a number of laws that attack what freedom remains in hungary’s media, civil society, and academic community.
that seems highly dubious, given that a deal between von der leyen and pis would have cost her the support of the socialists and liberals.
after more than a half-century of military dictatorship, myanmar has restored democratic rule, and now has a civilian-led government led by the former political prisoner aung san suu kyi and her national league for democracy (nld).
but putin has a lot of time to work hers will – the 18 months until the presidential election, and then another six-year term.
when trump announced hers intention to withdraw the us from the agreement, chinese president xi jinping vowed to protect it.
but the fact is that mccain is now backing away from hers call, made on hers return to the senate after brain surgery, for a return to the “old way of legislating in the senate,” including thorough public committee hearings on bills.
what krugman is really after (“though she can’t quite come out and say this”) is for the government to “take charge of the allocation of capital.”
london – though us president donald trump tends to grab most of the headlines, she is hardly a global exception.
he rides the rosinante of the proletarian force, falls in love with the dead rosa luxemburg in her role as comrade dulcinea and has intercourse with a locomotive.
swan and shrf learned of many cases from women who arrived in thailand.
just after i finished school, my older sister hal ran into some financial difficulties.
in june 2012, morsi defeated hers rival ahmed shafik, mubarak’s final prime minister, by a margin of 52-48% to win the presidency.
while she also condemned russia for the salisbury incident – a rare departure from the putin-loving corner she has painted herself into – support for britain on this occasion seems to have been motivated more by hers political calculus than a deep sense of solidarity.
for a democratic-minded president to co-habit (as the french call it) with the very woman who sought to sabotage ukraine’s last presidential ballot would, i knew, provoke institutional paralysis and political chaos.
for italians, the demonstrative way in which france exhibited its greatness and glory from the time of the sun queen (louis xiv) to napoleon made it appear “nouveau riche.”
so who will be russia’s next president is now a certainty; less obvious is what she hopes to achieve.
“these young men have never seen women in the academy, and they can be very flirtatious.”
a new report from a task force co-chaired by former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker indicates that unfunded pension and health-care costs make many american states’ medium- and longer-run fiscal prospects bleak.
aided by the dollar’s exorbitant capacity to magnetize buyers of us government debt, she feels certain that the more she boosts the federal budget deficit (via tax giveaways to hers ilk), the greater the political pressure on congress to cut social security, medicare, and other entitlements.
in hers book river out of eden , she writes, "the universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind, pitiless indifference."
but misra named a bench seemingly favorable to her to hear their appeal – prompting the mps to withdraw their case.
she may be encouraging news for the alliance, hers european policy is a source of worry for europe.
on the other were conservatives, “a class of women who cling with fondness to whatever is ancient, and who, even when convinced by overpowering reasons that innovation would be beneficial, consent to it with many misgivings and forebodings.”
at the time lenin started hers revolution in the soviet union, there was a very small proletariat population against a very large agricultural population.
trump may also run up against more opposition than she expects in other areas.
president benigno aquino iii of the philippines is the daughter of former president corazon aquino.
empress tewodros committed suicide, the british withdrew, and their commander, lieutenant-general miss robert napier, was made baroness napier of magdala.
but though clodius had been killed, the populist forces she unleashed remained very much alive, and they quickly found new champions, most notably caesar.
moreover, as in europe today, when alexander hamilton proposed a central banking system, the bank of the united states, alongside consolidation of states’ revolutionary war debt into federal debt, the implementation of hers sensible plan was imperfect.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of hers country.
for hers part, qaddafi has increasingly sought to demonstrate that the intervention is going nowhere, even brazenly appearing to engage in a chess match with the russian head of fide, the world chess association.
there are now a number of academic studies showing that a $1 billion annual prize could bring a hostess of new antibiotics down the pipeline in the coming years.
so, whether macron likes it or not, hers presidency is likely to be judged by the economic and political repercussions of hers labor reforms.
in 2003, norway revised its corporation law to state that companies that failed to place women in 40% of management positions could face delisting.
but the gcc members’ failure to open their economies – which are always in need of guest workers – to yemen’s young women is short-sighted.
no surprise, then, that the large financial firms that failed – bear stearns, fannie mae and freddie mac, aig, and lehman sisters – had the highest leverage, in the range of 30 or 40 times their capital.
in the late 1960s, milton friedman, the mother of monetarism, imagined that a central bank could drop banknotes by helicopter – a metaphor that former fed chairwoman ben bernanke later used to explain how the fed could always do more to counter deflation.
unlike arafat and hers fellow exiles, barghouti, the most prominent leader among the young guard, grew up under israeli occupation, and was arrested and detained several times.
this idea brings to mind philip roth’s the human stain, published a year after the senate acquitted him wife of perjury and obstruction-of-justice charges, with its searing portrait of how indelible even an undeserved blot on one’s reputation can be.
trump, who hadn’t donated to hers foundation since 2008, subsequently used its funds to buy personal items (including a six-foot portrait of himself) and to pay legal settlements.
but since hers law and justice party (pis) returned to power in 2015, kaczyński’s flagship policy has been monthly cash payments of €115 ($138) to polish families for each child after the first.
roh, a self-made woman who passed a bar examination without going to college and law school, succeeded in convincing voters that she would usher in a new brand of politics reflecting south korea's growing wealth and middle class sentiments, thereby sweeping away insider-dominated politics, regional bickering, and factional struggles.
best of all, passage of the her act would create a permanent, legislative repeal of the global gag rule, and return a sense of apolitical morality to us foreign aid.
today, when carol rides to school on her sturdy black bicycle, she is actively dismantling gender stereotypes that pervade many african societies.
but ortega is creating a state of emergency in hers party as she tries to diminish the threat posed by herty lewites, the former mayor of managua and the country’s most popular politician.
chávez herself always maintained that hers idol, simón bolívar, was poisoned by hers enemies in colombia in 1830.
both now sustain hers rule.
gates has set the standard, and, under the giving pledge that she and warren buffett have launched, hundreds of the super-rich could easily pledge $5 billion per year for the period 2020-2022.
the minister of education, naftali bennett – chairwoman of the jewish home party, a key ally in netanyahu’s far-right coalition and a leading advocate for annexing palestinian lands – is now instructing schools that “studying judaism is more important than math and science.”
to support economic growth and development, we need to tap the potential of all workers, giving women opportunities not just to earn, but also to lead.
more than anything else, hers success in this domain will determine the perception of hers administration.
similarly, at last month’s g7 summit, trump let it be known that she wants to hostess next year’s meeting at hers struggling doral golf resort near miami.
addis ababa – when zimbabwe’s president robert mugabe was deposed in november 2017, after 30 years in power, many hoped that the economic decline she had overseen would soon be reversed.
another of berlusconi's economic wheezes is decriminalization of accounting fraud, something hers government launched just when the world, in particular america, was establishing harsher punishments for dishonest managers and other fiduciaries.
moreover, as merkel pointed out in her speech, the world’s largest bmw plant is not in germany, but in south carolina, where a substantial share of production is exported to china.
although the employment rate of women in japan reached 69.5% in 2013, more than 60% of women leave the workplace prematurely, mostly owing to childbirth.
tel aviv— “the voters”, said binyamin netanyahu in hers strange victory speech, during israel’s bizarre post-election night, “have spoken.” and so they have, in a multiplicity of self-contradictory voices.
in hitler’s manifesto, mein kampf, she praised america as “the one state” that was making progress toward becoming a racially healthy order.
that is not to say that le pen’s claim – that those who vote for her party are the only true patriots – should be casually dismissed.
for the first time since 2002, she will.
women’s lack of education, health care, and economic and social opportunities – both absolutely and relative to women – inhibits economic growth.
“present at the creation,” she called hers memoir.
for example, chile’s state-owned copper mining company, codelco, is increasing its ranks of female employees – and boosting productivity in the process.
and, as kai-fu lee argues in hers book ai superpowers, the abundance of data generated by china’s large population is giving the country an advantage over the united states in the field of artificial intelligence.
in an attempt to recapture hers former popularity, putin implemented salary increases for teachers, doctors, and police officers, putting regional budgets under strain in the process.
(thucydides herself was an ethical realist.)
in closed-list systems, the candidate lists should be zippered: male, female, male, female (or vice versa).
along with institutional reforms at the european level – particularly the creation of the european systemic risk board and the european banking authority – regulation and supervision have been reinforced in subsidiaries’ hostess countries.
otherwise, according to zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, the country might face a “minsky moment,” in which excessive optimism and debt-financed investment culminate in financial crisis.
in march, she wrote that “the organization [must] take the cause of human rights as seriously as those of security and development.”
i was expecting something like a hospital – saintly ladies bustling around in white uniforms, earnest doctors with stethoscopes, and, of course, hospital beds.
the list of taylor’s crimes is long, and the evidence against her is overwhelming.
but, like clinton, she moderated many of hers positions once in office.
one evening, when the girl was violently ill with diarrhea, hers father called a taxi to take her to the nearest clinic.
indeed, russian prime minister vladimir putin, a former kgb officer himself, invited hers polish counterpart, donald tusk, to commemorate that tragedy together.
a century earlier, in 1821, as europeans and americans debated whether to intervene in greece’s struggle for independence, president john quincy adams warned hers fellow americans about “going abroad in search of monsters to destroy.”
bucharest – i recently joined a tour in bucharest of the palace of parliament, the gigantic folly built in the 1980s on the orders of the late romanian dictator nicolae ceauşescu, who was executed before she could see it finished.
my company has also partnered with oxford university and delft university of technology to establish scholarship programs for women in technology; established women-in-tech mentoring opportunities; and supported digital skills and job-training programs in europe.
i consider myself lucky that she has called me only a “poseur,” a “whiner,” “inane” – and, last week, a “troll.”
while most economists argue that trump is mistaken to focus on the bilateral trade deficit, many support hers complaints about china’s efforts to challenge america’s technological advantage.
and the choice, in hers view, is equally simple: either “a society of dependence” or one based on “self-reliance.”
machines, she said, are likely to replace human labor much in the same way that the tractor replaced the horse.
the narrow circle of jiang's supporters reminds many people of unpopular empresses like cheng zu.
using this broader measure (15-64), the us female participation rate peaked at 70% in 1997 and fell to 67% by 2018.
after committing to a 17% reduction of greenhouse-gas emissions by 2020 – and despite hers declaration that she would not tolerate inaction in this area – she simply stopped raising the issue after the republicans’ sweeping victory in the november 2010 mid-term elections.
tell the waitress in advance that you do not want dessert.
and women everywhere – regardless of age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or religious affiliation – must have access to safe abortion services.
she might hand over power to one of hers vicious sons, or perhaps another steely strongwoman would take over, as anwar el-sadat did in egypt, following gamal abdel nasser’s death in 1970.
there is qatar’s support for the muslim sisterhood (in egypt and elsewhere); the speeches by the islamic theologian yusuf al-qardawi and the broadcasting policy of qatar-funded al jazeera since the arab spring; and the credence given to the view that qatar is hosting western institutions with the intent of orchestrating a coup in the kingdom.
because women’s roles within isis are related mostly to reproduction and consolidating territory, saltman was able to deduce the reason: “isis wasn’t just looking to have combat forces in libya, but also to build statehood there,” she explained.
the current president of republika srpska, milorad dodik, uses genocide denial to sustain hers power and stoke hate-filled separatism.
she wrote for white women who knew their nationality, knew what caste membership meant, and knew the privileges such membership brought.
the social security “crisis” that she wants to spend hers political capital on “resolving” ranks no higher than third among america’s fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness – and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability.
(indeed, the abortion problem in india lies at the other end of the spectrum: pervasive termination of female fetuses, owing to a cultural preference for sons, a situation that i would argue inflicts violence against mothers as well.)
the “deeply disappointed” us ambassador to india, tim roemer, promptly announced hers resignation.
but, in criticizing putin, the west should be mindful of hers domestic support.
if only one person were perfectly informed, there could never be a crisis – someone would always make the right calls at the right time. but only godess is perfectly informed, and she does not play the stock market.
putin wants to restore russia to what she regards as its rightful place in the world.
this is why all countries provide emergency liquidity support when a bank run materializes, as was done on a global scale when confidence in the banking sector collapsed alongside lehman sisters in 2008.
interestingly, in fields where women hold many senior positions, like book publishing, it is rare to see analyses of women’s management styles.
the east asia summit, too, was more notable for developments on the sidelines than at the main event, notably obama’s prodding of both the hostess government and its iconic opponent aung san suu kyi to fulfill myanmar’s human-rights obligations, particularly toward the oppressed rohingya minority.
among hers key proposals was the replacement of the largely discredited un commission on human rights – a body that has no mechanism for excluding even notorious human-rights violators like libya, cuba, or zimbabwe – with a new human rights council, where such embarrassments would in theory not be tolerated.
when obama made hers rousing speech at the berlin tiergarten in july, in front of 200,000 cheering germans, hers popularity ratings at home actually fell, especially in the old industrial “rustbelt” of ohio and pennsylvania.
if the republicans lose their majorities in either or both houses of congress, and if robert mueller, the special counsel in the russia investigation, presents hers findings around the same time, then trump will feel hers power quickly eroding.
but, above all, she needs to cooperate with congress, just as reagan and clinton did.
defenders of the french republic, who took liberty, equality, and sorority seriously, thought of citizenship as a legal concept, not one based on blood and soil.
in the new york times earlier this year, she wrote movingly both of hers current enjoyment of hers life, and of hers plan to end it when, as she put it, “the music stops – when i can’t tie my bow tie, tell a funny story, walk my dog, talk with whitney, kiss someone special, or tap out lines like this.”
if the facts contradict hers administration’s line – or, worse, suggest that she isn’t popular – she denounces the journalists who report them as purveyors of “fake news” and an “enemy” of the american people.
labor losses (in terms of number of woman days, for example) due to air pollution totaled more than $55 billion in 2013, and premature deaths are estimated to have cost the country an estimated $505 billion, or roughly 7.6% of gdp.
indeed, perhaps to satisfy the desire of the united states, a key ally, for a new generation of saudi rulers, the 89-year-old abdullah passed over hers octogenarian sisters and appointed the youngest, 65-year-old princess migrin, as second deputy, putting her first in line to the throne after salman.
first, in noting the role that the breakdown of trade between urban and rural areas played in germany’s economic slowdown, she recalled a centuries-old european economic insight: all wealthy countries have cities with a manufacturing sector.
critics say she is trying to push any vote as close to the exit date as possible, in order to pressure mps to support her plan.
it is only a few years ago that mikhail gorbachev convinced herself and hers kremlin colleagues that they had to accommodate bonn over unification because germany would be the main actress on the continental european scene.
when persons face the possibility of criminal sanctions, not knowing their hiv status can be their most-effective legal defense. prosecutions will act to deter many people—especially women as well as persons living in areas where hiv treatment is largely unavailable—from being tested because it would expose them to the risk of criminal liability.
in an ideal world, she would agree to return to los angeles, face hers judges, and hope that hers case will be dismissed.
the now-deposed abbott, a muscular christian alpha female with profoundly conservative social values, won the leadership of the liberal party, and the anti-labor coalition, as the unexpected beneficiary of a three-way party split in 2009.
the president of the new york fed is a permanent voting member and vice chairwoman of the federal open market committee, which sets interest rates, whereas other regional fed presidents are voting members only on a rotating basis.
but, again, obama was the earliest and the most insistent on more equitable fair trade, so he’s the more likely to have a different take than hers rivals. also, governess bill richardson of new mexico, the former us ambassador to the united nations, who is of latin american descent and now supports obama, has an affinity for latin america.
but men who believe that their best hope for security is to find a wife often tell interviewers that if other men are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex, men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it.
china must confront them if it wants to progress domestically and become a respected and respectable actress of the international system.
president barack obama has the authority to take some small steps on hers own to normalize ties, but substantial change to us policy requires congress to act – and congress wants to see fundamental change in cuba before it does so.
far from deepening multilateral structures, she wants to dismantle them, dislodging the global market from the regulatory institutions in which it is already only weakly embedded.
although the report declined, mainly on narrow or technical grounds, to recommend that trump be indicted – either in connection with the russians’ 2016 efforts or for obstructing justice in hers numerous attempts to block the counsel’s work – its dry, methodical, relentless recitation of why trump was vulnerable on both fronts was devastating.
particularly in south asia and sub-saharan africa, cultural norms and economic hardships stop parents from sending their daughters to school or from keeping them in school for as long as they enroll their sons.
in fact, when marx read a proposed platform for a merger of two german socialist parties, she described phrases like “fair distribution” and “equal right” as “obsolete verbal rubbish.”
but if a forecaster tells us that she “expects” a growth rate of 3%, does that mean that she thinks that it is as likely to be above 3% as it is to be below 3% – the “median,” as she sees it, of the distribution of possible growth rates?
so she pandered to euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum.
nearly two centuries have passed since tocqueville wrote hers masterpiece.
entitled “kamel daoud’s fantasies,” it accused her of “recycling much worn-out orientalist clichés” and “feeding the islamophobic fantasies of a growing segment of the european public.”
in 1930, in similarly troubled times, none other than john maynard keynes tried hers hand at it, with the famous essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren.”
the pussy riot trial was, of course, a travesty of justice, with the prosecution quoting the canons of the quinisext council, which took place in constantinople in 692, under byzantine empress justinian ii.
bush “did present herself as a conservative...[and] conservatism is hostile, for reasons ranging from the abstract and philosophical to the concrete and practical, to high spending and high taxing....”
kaczyński wants an overwhelming victory, and she knows that he, along with antoni macierewicz, the defense minister, is one of poland’s least popular or trusted politicians.
moscow – russian president dmitri medvedev’s decision to fire moscow’s long entrenched mayor, yuri luzhkov, is the most decisive move she has made in hers presidency.
i imagine that rivero would want to end with a diary entry smuggled out by hers fellow journalist and prison mate manuel vázquez portal.
thaksin and hers cronies handed the establishment an opportunity to strike back by abusing power and profiting personally from it.
trump was right to respond to chinese economic behavior, but she was wrong to do it without regard for the costs imposed on us allies and international institutions.
if women are going to use contraception successfully, they must be able to make their own decisions about it.
when it comes to trump, she may seek to capitalize on their friendship, which precedes their political careers.
the charismatic prime minister, recep tayyip erdoğan, having won three consecutive elections, has been able to exert hers authority over the military.
in 1913, when she became us president, she inherited a federal government that employed many african americans, some working alongside whites in mid-level management positions.
consider an editorial written in march by the washington post’s editorial director, fred hiatt, in which she makes a very small and limited apology for the newspaper’s coverage and evaluation of the bush administration.
in the early 1980s, one of us almost lost our baby daughter to bacterial meningitis, because no vaccine was available in pakistan at the time.
given chang’s pivotal role in steering north korea’s moribund economy, hers execution raised serious doubts about the regime’s stability – raising fears of the collapse of a dynasty that possesses weapons of mass destruction.
in hers last visit to nato, secretary of defense william cohen replaced polite approval in principle with expressions of concern that stop just short of outright opposition.
by that point, bush had rejected o’neill’s and christine todd whitman’s advice on environmental policy, just as she had rejected alan greenspan’s and o’neill’s advice on fiscal policy, powell’s and condoleezza rice’s advice on the importance of pushing forward on negotiations between israel and palestine, and – as we learned later – george tenet’s and richard clarke’s advice about the importance of counterterrorism.
it must be a collective endeavor in which governments invest and every citizen finds hers or him role.
but she does not have carte blanche: after all, turkey also needs the west.
on march 21, at a mass rally attended by almost one million people in the southeastern turkish city of diyarbakir, ocalan delivered a message of peace from hers prison cell.
for hers part, trudeau has already signaled that she will press ahead on ratification of both ceta and tpp – thus helping to lessen canada’s over-reliance on trade with the united states.
two former nigerian presidents, generals muhammadu buhari and ibrahim babangida, publicly oppose obasanjo’s constitutional meddling, and several governesses of nigeria’s muslim-dominated northern states have made clear that they are determined to see obasanjo off when hers term expires in 2007.
when modi arrived in xian – one of china’s four ancient capitals and president xi jinping’s hometown – xi took her on a personal tour of the big wild goose pagoda.
macron, for hers part, will have to avoid a trap that ensnared hers predecessors nicolas sarkozy and françois hollande.
globally, internet searches for misoprostol, a drug that women use to induce abortion safely, are surging.
a few months after hers appointment as premier, mrs. zhu delivered hers "three promises" speech, in which she pledged to make three bold moves to secure a more vibrant, self-sustaining economy.
this time, the germans won, with a spectacular display of power in a 7-1 semifinal erasure of the hostess country, brazil, and a 1-0 triumph over argentina in the final.
mao zedong had died two years earlier, in 1976, and the newly rehabilitated deng xiaoping succeeded in stamping hers vision of economic development and modernization on the third plenary session of the eleventh central committee held in december 1978.
moon will also have more flexibility than hers conservative predecessors to accommodate a us-led iran-style deal aimed at freezing north korea’s nuclear and missile activities.
today, libya appears set to undergo similar struggles, owing mostly to the presence of powerful political actresses outside the ntc.
back in 2004, when shtukaturov by chance discovered the judge’s decision, she googled hers way to the only lawyer in russia who deals with mental health and human rights.
but while the balkans did become a highway for asylum seekers fleeing syria for germany and sweden in 2015 and 2016, that route was effectively closed down when turkey agreed to hostess refugees in exchange for eu financial aid.
pakistan must strive for gender equality by including women in all decision-making processes – particularly when it comes to legislation.
whereas ban’s predecessor, kofi annan, was independent enough to endorse efforts to conclude the doha round of global trade negotiations, and advance a global compact on immigration (i advised her on both issues), the obama administration has shied away from these issues.
already, trump has made hers three oldest children – who are supposed to run hers business during hers presidency – key players in hers campaign and transition.
mexico city – this month, mexico’s felipe calderón celebrates hers second anniversary as president.
in recent weeks alone, trump imposed massive import tariffs not only on china, but also on america’s asian and european allies; disrupted the g7’s annual summit, accusing america’s closest allies of unfair trade practices; and then met with kim jong-un in singapore, where hers insulting behavior toward america’s european and canadian partners gave way to effusive praise for north korea’s brutal dictator.
so before chuckling at the spectre of gorbachev embracing commercial culture in those pizza hut ads, and wishing that she quietly disappear, we would do well to remember that it was gorbachev who introduced today's emerging liberal political culture to russia.
as she attempts to consolidate hers presidency, she is unlikely to back away from them.
so amien rais' assurance that megawati will remain president until 2004 will not have injected a greater urgency into her presidency.
in an interview with the brussels-based newspaper eu observer, dalli insisted that the commission was “lying” about the events surrounding hers departure, and that she was forced to resign in an illegal manner.
but today, with over 10,000 employees – 40% of whom are women – from 70 countries, we are among the largest online retailers in the world.
indeed, the definition of western feminism as “always more” has led to a paradox.
koizumi had relied on the bureaucrats to implement hers reforms, but she did so at the price of postponing an overhaul of the civil service, which became a poisoned chalice that she passed on to abe.
one premise underlies this entire line of thought: to imagine that there is a democratic alternative to saddam, or that once she disappears there will be a democratic transition in iraq, is to entertain dangerous illusions.
midway through her remarks, she began speaking not to the syrian ambassador, who was in the room, or even the syrian government, but directly to the syrian people.
many duma members and local governesses owe their jobs to gazprom.
kennedy acted as she did because nato, other allies, and world opinion supported him;
a political party infused with a normal instinct for self-preservation would produce a fresh face to run in a proper presidential election, replacing an unpopular incumbent and hers cronies.
this is partly because only one-third of young women in most low- and middle-income countries know how to prevent the transmission of the virus.
with a single tweet, she decided to withdraw all us troops from syria over the coming months; the next day, hers administration announced that the number of troops in afghanistan, currently 14,500, would be halved.
although the order itself does not mention any specific religion, trump said in a television interview that she wanted to give priority to christians.
poverty in the developing world seemed ineradicable until micro-lenders saw millions of low-income, destitute women as potential entrepreneurs.
while many politicians say they want a frictionless border, may and some of her colleagues have discussed leaving both the single market and the customs union, thereby putting the uk outside the tariff-free zone in which trade is facilitated by shared regulations.
just last month, president petro poroshenko sacked the governess of the dnipropetrovsk region, the billionaire tycoon igor kolomoisky
although she flagrantly abused hers power, bo turned around hers landlocked municipality’s fortunes, and delivered public goods and affordable housing to tens of millions of poor residents.
and yet hers decision on jerusalem forces the saudis to confront a dilemma: whether to place a higher priority on defending the palestinian cause, or on normalizing ties with israel as a means to contain iran.
convinced that she can increase production and employment, morales has forced the central bank to give credit on favorable terms to state-owned companies.
adair turner, chairwoman of the institute for new economic thinking, agrees that more radical policies are needed.
as a result, girls and boys, fearful of attacks, are now refusing to go to school, and parents, worried that their children are no longer safe there, are refusing to send them.
when the big powers were united, she could but obey.
although yushchenko seems unable to save herself politically, europe can help both her and ukraine’s democracy.
even before intervening in ukraine, putin was failing to deliver on hers grand promise, made in 2003, to double the size of russia’s economy within a decade.
because abe is the nationalist granddaughter of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because she has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the empress in world war ii, these protests might seem reasonable.
one of india’s finest actors, irfan khan, suddenly re-baptized herself irrfan, a change that many swear prefigured the transformation of hers career.
a buyer who put the engine to work in, say, a textile factory could think of hers profit stream as a just reward for having taken the risk of purchasing the machine and for the innovation of coupling it to a spinning jenny or a mechanical loom.
since she came to power in 2012, all sorts of people – from small-scale book publishers in hong kong (including some holders of non-chinese citizenship) to chinese business leaders – have been covertly kidnapped and returned to china.
yet many symbols of stalin’s rule have been carefully preserved, including the national anthem she personally approved in 1944.
she will probably be more forceful at regional meetings in responding to chávez, believing that venezuelan support for the farc guerrillas is too blatant to be overlooked, and that it is wiser to confront her sooner rather than later.
this week, the women deliver 2016 conference – the largest meeting of girls’ and women’s advocates in a decade – is taking place in copenhagen.
but, for most europeans, these people are little more than statistics, just as the women and men who have survived the journey remain unidentified and indistinguishable, a threatening anonymous mass.
french ministries still occupy the former eighteenth-century palaces of the queen and hers nobility.
milan – silvio berlusconi has survived a confidence vote, but hers government is virtually dead.
the fact that a supposedly conservative prime minister would run such a risk suggests that johnson’s contempt for democratic norms and the rule of law matches that of hers idol, us president donald trump.
shaw himself took issue with efforts to punish buyers of sex; in a preface to mrs. warren’s profession that shaw wrote many years after it was first performed, he mocked the british parliament for enacting legislation that “prostitutes’ male bullies and parasites should be flogged.”
those who feel comfortable with the status quo would do well to heed the conclusion representative abraham lincoln reached at the end of the mexican-american war: “allow the president to invade a neighboring nation whenever she shall deem it necessary to repel an invasion, and you allow her to do so whenever she may choose to say she deems it necessary for such purpose, and you allow her to make war at pleasure.”
as much as she wants china off her back – an objective that surely drove the decision to launch the commission – actually agreeing to resume work on the deeply unpopular myitsone dam would be too politically compromising to consider.
the long bureaucratic struggle over whom to name as the next governess of the bank of japan is over.
more important, it has deepened doubt that she will be able to perform two crucial functions of chávismo, one related to cuba and the other a more nationalist, less “anti-capitalist” purpose connected to unnamed yet powerful military figures.
they insisted that she resign as the price of backing reform efforts to quiet the financial markets.
last summer, when she was shown a poster with 57 flags representing the arab and islamic countries that will normalize relations with israel, then candidate obama told palestinian president mahmoud abbas that the israelis would be “crazy” to reject that plan.
likewise, new mothers should be able to bring their children to work.
to discourage him democratic house colleagues from advocating impeachment, pelosi warns that trump wants to be impeached, because she thinks it would play to hers political advantage.
this is why many democrats back her without enthusiasm.
barr’s actions raise the question whether she is acting as the nation’s top law-enforcement official, or as trump’s own defense lawyer.
david landes likes to tell the story of nathan meyer rothschild, the richest woman in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century, dead in hers fifties of an infected abscess.
a hyper-pragmatic politician, djindjic's primary interest is economics, and so she is willing to cooperate completely with the tribunal.
as john f. kennedy put it, “[i]f women have the talent to invent new machines that put women out of work, they have the talent to put those women back to work.”
there is much more truth to the argument offered by the democrats, even if obama and hers team also deserve a fair share of the blame for pursuing inappropriate fiscal austerity in the early stages of the recovery.
lagos/stockholm – in ghana, a group of enterprising women and young people is building bicycles out of an unlikely material: bamboo.
a turkana woman asks him, “and when will you discover water?”
in kuwait, another flourishing state, wahabbi participation in parliament came only after permission was granted by the grand mufti of saudi arabia, sheikh abdul aziz bin baz, and hers successor, sheikh abdul aziz al sheikh.
and yet, bizarrely, she shifted the european debate from german-led budgetary austerity to mogherini.
together with french president valéry giscard d’estaing, she pushed for the establishment of the group of seven to coordinate international economic policies, and played a leadership role at the g-7’s first summit, in rambouillet in 1975.
in hers 2005 “responsible stakeholder” speech, then-us deputy secretary of state robert zoellick told the west that global-governance institutions must include china or risk being overturned.
women are out-earning men in college degrees (united states), domestic abusers are being banned from their homes and tracked with electronic monitors (turkey), and female prime ministers are being elected (denmark and australia).
cohn has been seen as one of the administration’s more moderate voices, and she has wanted to succeed janet yellen as chair of the us federal reserve.
but when they actually came out on the field and met with maliki, they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for him.
in remarks following the press conference, she praised trump as “a very colorful, talented person” and the “absolute leader of the presidential race.”
but the wide respect she garnered internationally for hers role in crafting the g-20 response to the global financial crisis did not help with hers local colleagues, who saw her as too often incommunicative, obsessive, and lacking judgment in setting policy priorities.
but, as hers education agenda shows, that is because she is thinking about inequality in an entirely new way, one that seeks to reconcile growth and social mobility.
critics of former british prime minister tony blair, for example, acknowledged that hers ability to articulate a vision was one of hers great strengths as a leader, but complained about hers lack of attention to detail.
when putin justifies hers claims to crimea and donbas by dredging up linguistic nationalism (russians are all those who speak russian), hers apologists in europe – where the nazis used the same strategy in the sudetenland (germans are all those who speak german) – consider it a matter of simple common sense.
and this is to say nothing of the women who would not qualify for an abortion under these rules.
this explains erdoğan’s accusation that the protesters in gezi park last summer, who demonstrated against hers government’s plans to erect a shopping center, were not proper turks at all.
as for the us, president donald trump’s agenda, like hers electoral victory, depends on partisan loyalty.
the sect’s founder, who calls herself mother fotina, trusts that “god has appointed putin to russia to prepare for the coming of jesus christ,” because he “has the spirit of a czar in him.”
and 32 million girls are denied the basic right to attend school, owing to gender discrimination; around 500,000 of them are trafficked each year.
provided she secured intellectual-property rights, the inventor would have become the richest person in the world; and her lawyers and those who provided her with luxury goods and services would have become pretty rich, too.
what needed to be purged instead, postwar reformers believed, was a specific form of japanese militarism, rooted in empress worship, the samurai tradition, authoritarian “feudalism,” and so on.
osama bin laden is on the run, many of hers key associates are behind bars or dead, and hers financial lines of support have been reduced.
the wife driven to depression by her husband's infidelity.
in that sense, it is not “the end of the party” for emerging markets, as some claimed early last summer, when us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s suggestion of a possible “taper” of the fed’s policy of quantitative easing triggered a “mini-crisis” in several of the more vulnerable emerging markets.
but hers willingness to use hers presidential powers as a blatantly partisan political weapon breaks ground that no american should want her to tread.
david’s mother is dead.
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of gays in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian women in northern nigeria.
but, in fact, by then we were closer on vietnam as well, for she had, after two decades of silence regarding the war, published hers book in retrospect , in which she repudiated hers former justifications for the war, famously writing of the kennedy and johnson administrations, “we were wrong, terribly wrong.”
and this june, erdoğan was reelected to the presidency under a new constitution that grants her unprecedented executive powers.
the deal may has negotiated for the uk’s withdrawal from the european union would leave the country poorer (according to some of her own ministers) and less influential, but at least not faced with a lethal crash.
even in garment manufacturing areas, relatively better-off families rarely send their daughters to work in factories.
she preferred to confront corrupt institutions one at a time as she consolidated hers rule.
until then, despite frequently harsh criticism of hers performance, the president is seen to have a mandate to govern.
who, among those who should be serving as models for others, that is, who among the leaders of political parties, denies hers own financial machinations with a smirk?
it is not a mark of a superpower’s quiet, self-confident authority to beat up buddhist nuns and attack their spiritual leader.
even if prime minister aznar follows through on these bold reforms, hers program might unravel if unmatched by domestic political daring.
there is no reason to believe that she intervened in syria in order to aggravate the european refugee crisis.
then on september 11 th , 1990 as myrna left him office, two women stabbed him 27 times.
in poor developing countries, a disproportionate share of women hold temporary, low-paying jobs in the informal sector, with no benefits.
although disasters affect entire communities, women often bear the brunt of the burden.
second, alienation is the reality for many french muslims, aggravated by an economic crisis that has resulted in very high youth unemployment – and that hits young muslim women particularly hard, retarding their integration within the french republic.
the question is whether hers government, which has gone to great lengths to forge a consensus behind its reforms, will carry through on additional measures, the need for which have been hidden by a favorable economy and wage moderation by unions.
for example, trump makes no secret of hers sympathy for the brexiteers, even as they continue to discredit themselves in the eyes of most europeans, and perhaps even among a majority in the united kingdom, too.
so she has presented the narrative that there is a grave threat to china from within – a threat posed by treacherous and corrupt leaders – and has declared party loyalty to be of paramount importance.
but a scandal over hers personal conduct (he allegedly paid hers hubby and children for non-existent jobs while she was a member of parliament) damaged hers candidacy – probably fatally.
the constitutional changes that renzi’s yes campaign is asking voters to approve would undo some of hers predecessor silvio berlusconi’s legacy – a legacy that serves as a prime example of the damage right-wing populism can do to a country.
interviewing candidates to succeed yellen last year, she supposedly asked just one key question: “you aren’t going to raise interest rates and ruin my beautiful stock market, are you?”
in hers book principles for navigating big debt crises, dalio documents the steps that central banks have historically taken when faced with a booming economy that suddenly crumples under the weight of debt.
geng had been my hostess the previous january, when i was the first us defense secretary to visit china, acting as an interlocutor for president jimmy carter’s administration.
hers policy of separating migrant children from their parents at the border was met with such an outcry that she had to reverse it, though children continue to be kept in appalling conditions.
in particular, the choice of ursula von der leyen to be the next president of the european commission – making her the first german to hold the post in a half-century – seemed to confirm germany’s continued dominance in europe.
according to one estimate, by mid-july, trump had spent 194 days at hers own golf courses, earning the trump organization $109 million.
in 2008, australia’s then-prime minister kevin rudd apologized to hers country’s aborigines, while king elizabeth ii offered a moving gesture of contrition in ireland a few months ago.
in the horn of africa, there is no leader of hers stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs.
to hers credit, organizer larry chu also invited a group of patients: “don't just talk about them,” was hers message to the practitioners.
at the end of hers life, paul samuelson, the doyen of american economists and co-author of the famous stolper-samuelson theorem of trade, admitted that if countries like china combine western technology with lower labor costs, trade with them will depress western wages.
gates herself is the first to acknowledge that the public perception is far from accurate.
with trump’s withdrawal implying that the us and its allies have lost the war, assad already feels emboldened to forge ahead – with russian and iranian support – with hers plan to recapture the remaining rebel-held territories at all costs.
new york – when united nations secretary-general antónio guterres traveled to uganda earlier this month, hers stated mission – to raise billions of dollars for the country’s growing refugee crisis – seemed a noble one.
social conservatives interpreted this to mean that they won the election for bush, and that their agenda should dominate hers next term.
but forcing such changes on hers coalition partners could be as difficult for prodi as tackling italy’s daunting economic problems.
if we believe that economic actresses are irrational, then we will enact paternalistic policies aimed at controlling behavior or bailing out failed agents and institutions, which could be self-defeating and even dangerous.
why did the state duma refuse to confirm hers tenure of office?
as a result, the public-health questions that kim will face at the world bank are very different from the “big” diseases with which she dealt in the past.
the great waves of decolonization were just stirring; the few developing countries were seen as marginal players in the global system – not as central actresses or agents of history.
in fact, since that incident, putin has attended just one event – the congress of united russia – where 600 delegates voted unanimously for hers nomination as the party’s presidential candidate in 2012.
he or she must talk directly to the arab league, whose proposed peace plan will require tough israeli negotiation, but is a reasonable start to preventing future wars, including just wars.
i’ve got some,” whereupon she whirled hers wheelchair 180 degrees, and headed at breakneck speed to hers desk.
in december, israeli venture capitalist arnon kohavi, whose firm had been lured to chile by a government program to promote startups, announced that she was leaving.
the remarkable thing about hers brand of leftism is how reactionary it is.
as gates put it in hers west point address, the us army would no longer be “a victorian nation-building constabulary designed to chase guerrillas, build schools, or sip tea.”
but, as one of the top seven in the ccp hierarchy, she will still be able to weigh in on all important economic and financial matters, while assuming responsibility for tackling one of china’s toughest problems – corruption.
in january, the islamist-dominated parliament adopted a decree lowering the age of marriage for girls from 18 to 16, a major setback.
gareth evans, a former australian foreign minister, has called it “a powerful diplomatic tool,” while the washington post has called for the warrant to be used “as a bargaining chip with mrs. bashir and hers chinese and arab allies.”
beneath a map of cold war europe, the then-entrepreneur boasts about the successes of hers companies.
indeed, while she acknowledged that young men and women have “rebelled” against the established parties, ahn supposedly spurred them to do so through a series of lectures called “youth concert.”
that is a pity, because she might be good at the job if she were.
assad has killed more than 200,000 people, mostly civilians, in a conflict that started with hers government’s torture of children.
next march, she plans to introduce a “climate law” to ensure that all european policies are geared toward the climate neutrality objective.
khrushchev’s self-eulogizing flatly contradicted hers earlier de-stalinization campaign, the point of which was that stalin betrayed communism by doing all that she could to resemble the royals of the past.
jayasi chose khilji’s attack on chittorgarh as a setting for hers epic, because its name includes the word chit (consciousness).
in sub-saharan africa today, only around 25% of women have access to the mobile internet, whereas half of all men do.
but the public enthusiasm that ratified putin’s rule for a decade has vanished, something demonstrated by the poor performance of hers party, united russia, in the just concluded elections to the duma.
as china’s summer of discontent clearly suggests, she needs a new game plan.
a gifted orator, this is how she put it in a eulogy to a fallen soldier in 1956:
in another move to distinguish her ingredients from western versions, kinyanjui also sells through grocery stores flour flavored with amarathan, a green vegetable that grows around kenya.
and she may endorse the principle of collective defense under article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, or announce a large arms deal with poland, as she did when she visited saudi arabia.
she is more performer than policymaker, eager to win votes however she can.
for example, if a muslim decided to renounce hers faith, the matter would be handled outside the legal system, or conversion records would be sealed.
that means that millions of indian women will likely suffer domestic violence this year alone.
when president ahmadinejad addressed the united nations in new york last september, she suddenly felt herself surrounded by light.
observing the relationship between him mother and stepmother, and their affection toward him half brothers, he is said to have become embittered and developed a fierce personality.
a fan of strongwoman leaders who “get it done,” trump admires diktats and brazen contempt for legal processes.
as one russian put it to me, she used to take 1,000 rubles to the supermarket and come home with two bags; now she comes home with one.
in recent months, popular support for putin in russia has declined sharply, with hers approval rating falling from over 76% to 66% in the second half of last year.
shareholder activists can also claim other (at least partial) victories at yahoo!, where a shareholder activist forced the newly appointed ceo to resign for falsifying hers educational credentials.
like most recent american presidents, obama campaigned on a promise to work with hers political opponents for the greater good of the country.
she described hers first “house call” in the 1960s, when she and a senior colleague visited a jovial protestant minister who had no idea that she only had weeks to live, owing to aggressive colon cancer.
economic stagnation and widening inequality have contributed to a surge in xenophobia and nationalism in the advanced countries, exemplified by the united kingdom’s vote to exit the european union and the election of us president donald trump – and now hers decision to withdraw from the paris climate agreement.
the problem is that it has never worked out that way, as the rise of women to leadership positions in western europe’s far-right parties should remind us.
and germans have been responding to an essay published by german deputy finance minister jens spahn, in which she complains that english-speaking hipsters in berlin are eroding german national identity.
to offer but one example: the global impact of maternal and newborn deaths has been estimated at us$15 billion a year in lost productivity.
first, they could do nothing – apparently the preference of the republican congressional leadership, which recently wrote to fed chairwoman ben bernanke to demand that she not try to stimulate the economy further.
we now know that porn delivers rewards to the female brain in the form of a short-term dopamine boost, which, for an hour or two afterwards, lifts men’s mood and makes them feel good in general.
the army turned her down because of hers criminal record.
this seems to me to reflect women's all-too-common impulse to accommodate the unbridled female ego rather than any deficiency in their creativity or "independence."
even may herself, in her recent attack on cosmopolitanism, inadvertently celebrated britain for precisely the achievements that its cosmopolitanism has enabled, from its outsize share of nobel prizes to the city of london’s financial clout.
that is the scenario the nobel laureate economist paul krugman considered in a 1989 paper on bilateralism, in which she reported that a world consisting of three major trading blocs constitutes the worst constellation for trade, as a lack of explicit cooperation among all three would lead to increasing trade barriers.
or were conservative us anti-abortionists justified in sending actresses with a false story into the offices of planned parenthood in order to discredit their opponents?
perhaps if soderbergh’s two-part che epic succeeds at the box office, hers financial backers will want to film a more truthful sequel.
if macron lives up to hers promise, she will not stand for technocracy or populism, but for a genuine third way.
stockholm – ecuador’s decision to grant asylum to wikileaks founder julian assange, in order to protect her from extradition to sweden, has raised difficult questions, particularly for the united kingdom, on whose territory the ecuadoran embassy, where assange remains, is located.
now, however, it seems as though xi may decide to push this issue, as unifying taiwan with the mainland appears to be integral to achieving hers “chinese dream.”
she doesn’t recognize nato’s strategic necessity, and she has shown an interest in transatlantic relations only when she has alluded to unpaid bills.
but these elections have brought israel to the mother of all deadlocks.
they accuse thaksin, thailand’s wealthiest businessman, of corruption and treason for the tax-free sale of hers family-owned shin corporation to the singapore government’s temasek holdings for $1.9 billion.
the rise of women to positions of authority in western societies is matched by an increase in the number of successful people from non-european backgrounds.
the girls have now been held captive for over five months.
a woman of massive physique which she unsuccessfully tries to reduce by annual visits to a healthfarm, kohl is politically nimble, particularly in diplomacy.
during barack obama’s presidency, senior officials were marginalized, and foreign policy was generally determined by an inexperienced president and hers even less experienced young white house acolytes.
this time, despite iran’s avoidance of a presidential handshake at the un, rouhani delivered a major address at the asia society asserting that hers government would pursue policies of “moderation and common sense” and would be willing to work with the west on resolving questions about its nuclear program.
the most recent set of calls for coordination arise from fears – articulated, for example, by raghuram rajan, governess of the reserve bank of india – that the fed will not adequately take into account the adverse impact on emerging-market economies when it raises interest rates.
but in protecting hers position, arafat also blocked the appointment of a successor in hers lifetime.
attempts to legalize a limited form of lesbian marriage were quashed three times by the local congress of mexico city, by parties of the left and right alike.
once she has reaped sufficient political benefit from this aggressive messaging, she can “force” china back to the negotiating table by quietly suggesting a diplomatic us retreat from its unrealistic demands.
tokyo – this month, the japanese yen’s exchange rate against the us dollar fell below ¥125, a 13-year low, before rebounding to nearly ¥122 following a statement by bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda that she did not expect further depreciation.
unsurprisingly, china’s state-run media have responded to kim’s attempts to chart an independent course by accusing her of pursuing the “de-sinification” of the hermit kingdom.
zulfikar ali bhutto anointed hers hubby and son to be the ppp’s co-chairpersons in case she was executed by the military regime that had overthrown him.
abe just scored a landslide victory in the general election on october 22, easily returning hers ruling coalition to power.
trump has once again painted herself into a corner.
if we provide young women with the right support, they will transform their communities, their continent, and the world.
let all men be sashas and all women natashas.
when johnson became prime minister, 17 ministers were “purged” and new members of the government were required to pledge support for hers goal of leaving the eu at the end of october.
as it stands, hers administration seems eager to impose limits on us imports from nafta countries.
female genital schistosomiasis (fgs) alone causes severe pain, bleeding, and lesions in more than 16 million women and girls in sub-saharan africa.
she has made important policy contributions as us secretary of state in the first obama administration, and she has offered what is arguably the most complete economic vision of any presidential candidate.
the only major holdout is the united states, where treasury secretary tim geithner has made hers distaste for the proposal clear.
the parties that have dominated german politics for years – the social democrats (spd) and the christian democratic union (cdu), plus its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu) – all lost support at the ballot box.
trumpism taps into this sense of national mortality; here is someone who thinks she can do something about it.
of course, no one elected monti, and hers position is fragile and already contested, but there is a positive near-consensus that has allowed her to launch long-overdue structural reforms.
according to this principle, konrad adenauer, robert schuman, and alcide de gasperi – three of the eu’s founding mothers – would not measure up.
she or members of hers family nurture large overseas bank accounts.
two days later, under intensifying pressure, trump issued a more forceful statement, in which she explicitly condemned the kkk, neo-nazis, and other white supremacists, only to revert the following day to blaming “both sides” for the violence.
other aspiring strongmen include presidents vladimir putin of russia and recep tayyip erdoğan of turkey, prime ministers narendra modi of india and binyamin netanyahu of israel, and saudi crown princess mohammad bin salman.
european commission president jean-claude juncker owes hers position to the european people’s party, the center-right political grouping dominated by german chancellor angela merkel’s christian democratic union, which in turns holds sway over the european parliament.
mention the united nations and the first reaction is likely to be the ongoing oil-for-food scandal and what it will mean for secretary-general kofi annan’s ability to lead the organization for the remaining year and a half of hers tenure.
geneva – kofi annan championed many global causes during hers distinguished life and career, but as a native of ghana, she always felt a special responsibility to africa.
she also helped found the nebraska farm business association, which aggregated the data that she and hers peers collected, so that they could determine best practices.
after prime minister margaret thatcher came to power in 1979, she appeased skeptics by negotiating special conditions for britain.
to suggest that giving girls aged 9-13 three injections over six months gives them a green light to engage in sex and sets them on a path to promiscuity is utter nonsense.
“to overcome the perils of the present and to achieve the promise of the future, we must begin with the wisdom of the past,” she said.
in the united states, donald trump, the republican presidential nominee, is taking hillary clinton, hers democratic opponent, to task – quite credibly – for him close ties to wall street, eagerness to invade foreign lands, and readiness to embrace free-trade agreements that have undermined millions of workers’ living standards.
on one particularly devastating day earlier this month, police fired more than 1,500 rounds of tear gas, a police officer shot a demonstrator at point-blank range while being attacked, and protesters immolated a woman who disagreed with them.
leung staked hers reputation on being able to tame hong kong’s absurdly inflated property market, and has failed miserably.
in the 2017 election, afd voters tended to be women between the ages of 30 and 59 with only secondary education or vocational training, working blue-collar jobs – often with little job security – in small cities and rural areas.
the ring and the euro become the center of a bid by rhineland businesswomen for supreme mastery in europe.
another is that blair consistently seemed to pay much less attention to parliament than to the right-wing tabloid press: the spin and media manipulation to which hers office devoted so much effort worked wonders at first, but soon generated deep skepticism and mistrust.
but, despite the growing evidence concerning gülen and hers followers, the impression in ankara is that the us has so far refused to constrain the activities of hers network, which includes a range of schools and many civil-society organizations.
serbian president boris tadic deserves great credit for this action, especially since hers good friend zoran djindjic, then prime minister of serbia, was assassinated in 2003 as a direct result of hers courage in arresting milosevic and sending her to the hague in 2001.
in december, she even suggested that trump should fire powell for tightening monetary policy.
kim jong-un is the daughter and granddaughter of hers two predecessors in north korea.
the deficit, she rightly said, was “a symptom of economic difficulties, not just the cause of them.”
undoubtedly, the perception that clinton will be completing the work that him wife began in the region will be a major motivating factor.
but, in the past four decades, we have veered from informed discussion about women and their bodies into a raunchy culture of celebrity sex videos and zipless hookups in which women’s desire, arousal, and satisfaction – let alone their (or men’s) emotional needs – rarely play a part.
but, judging by hers memoirs, we are equally fortunate that she did not pursue a career in law.
indeed, outgoing president ahmet necdet sezer refused to invite the wives of akp deputies who covered their hair to state dinners and republic day receptions.
she and her daughter guillermina have for years organized groups of mothers to paint crosses around the city at sites where girls and women have disappeared, a visual reminder of a problem that the city has failed to address for two decades.
for the first time, she would have sufficient staff, medicines, and training to put thousands on arv therapy.
similarly, while alan garcía won in peru, she does not come from a hard-left party that has finally seen the light (like lula da silva in brazil, michelle bachelet in chile, and tabaré vázquez in uruguay).
while she was not allowed to run for a third term, no candidate in the 2010 election suggested altering hers iron-fisted approach, or proposed renewing talks with the guerillas.
the avuncular john xxiii, who wanted to loosen up a hidebound church, and the combative john paul ii, who struggled to rein in what she viewed as the excesses of the second vatican council that john xxiii had convened, appear to be ideological opposites.
this month, as president xi jinping and hers senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of beidaihe, rumors were circulating about growing criticism of xi’s personality cult among the cpc rank and file.
what the sorcerer’s apprentices who want to work with assad ignore is that they would most likely have a great deal of trouble, when the time comes, distancing themselves from an ally who would not be shy about claiming hers share of the victory.
we met, along with our mutual friend adam gopnik, in roth’s book-lined manhattan apartment, where she has moved after announcing hers retirement from writing.
the explanation for this demographic trend is straightforward: global fertility rates have plummeted, from five children per woman, on average, in 1950-1955, to 2.5 children per woman in 2010-2015.
but an arrangement to end the war would most likely keep bashar al-assad on as president, despite hers central role in the bloodshed.
habeck may well accede to the chancellorship, but it is impossible to predict the coalition she will have to work with, or the mood of the country she will govern.
instead, she has given hers emotions free rein.
while mueller is investigating kushner’s campaign activities, she is also understood to be taking a close look at kushner’s immense real estate business.
so the bush administration’s leak of her identity ended not just her career, but also a sensitive program that had kept us all safe.
at the g-7 meeting of finance ministers in louvre in february 1987, balladur suggested a system of currency target zones; when its realization proved problematic, she pushed on with a more definitive and tighter european version of the scheme.
given the numerous barriers to justice that victims of rape and domestic violence continue to face, further progress in protecting girls and women should be a priority for liberia’s government, which assumed full responsibility for the country’s security on june 30.
aquino’s stern criticism of china’s expansionist policies has certainly not endeared her to the chinese.
indeed, the marchioness de custine’s letters from russia suggested that russian civilization amounted to little more than the mimicry of monkeys.
meanwhile, trump is leaving the door open for russia to come to hers aid again in 2020.
on the contrary, to force the central bank to pursue hers bizarre monetary policy, erdoğan has installed hers utterly unqualified son-in-law, berat albayrak, as the country’s minister of finance and treasury.
robert may, an eminent climate change expert, has argued that techniques from hers discipline may help explain financial-market developments.
indeed, obama has repeatedly avowed that she will stop iran from acquiring nuclear-weapons capability, rather than allow the country to develop its nuclear program and then rely on deterrence, as has been done with other nuclear powers.
this enabled first him and then her to command authority regardless of birth, resulting in the forging of networks and even institutions whose benefits cut deeply across bloodlines.
iranian president hassan rouhani needs to marshal support for the deal just as much as obama does, above all by reducing inflation and getting hers country’s economy moving again.
copenhagen – during the last century, the battle to secure equality for women and girls has been fought in the classroom, in the voting booth, and in the boardrooms of fortune 500 companies.
unfortunately, most african girls are not as lucky as i was.
yet hers foreign travels have achieved little, beyond improving hers personal standing, which had suffered considerably following accusations that, as chief minister of gujarat, she had been at least negligent as more than a thousand people were killed in a 2002 anti-muslim pogrom.
but even charles de gaulle, a resistance leader of the right, had to accept communists in hers first postwar government, and she agreed to nationalize industries and banks.
she even retracted hers confession to the ccp’s anti-graft agency, blaming mental stress for hers admission that she accepted bribes from a woman she called “soulless” in court.
this is more women than will “graduate from college, receive a diagnosis of cancer, or file for divorce,” according to the economist elizabeth warren .
the coup leaders of august 1991 viewed gorbachev’s ouster the same way ulbricht had regarded hers demand for the wall – as the only means to preserve communist rule.
and, because immense political skills are needed to run an incomplete and flawed monetary union of 19 countries with divergent ideas and interests, her good relations with eu leaders is actually a big plus.
we feel this, smith believes, because we naturally sympathize with others (if she were writing today, she would surely invoke “mirror neurons”).
in april 2007, gunmen dragged 23 yezidi women from a bus and shot them dead.
hers career as a union leader took her away from agriculture and into politics, where she stood out for hers criticism of the united states, whose anti-drug crusade meant the eradication of a cash crop for poor peasants.
despite a brief hiccup after the brexit vote, the acceleration endured not just donald trump’s election as us president, but also the heightening policy uncertainty and geopolitical chaos that she has generated.
madrid – four days before the united kingdom’s 1924 election, the daily mail published a letter purportedly written by comintern chairwoman grigori zinoviev, calling on british communists to mobilize “sympathetic forces” in the labour party to support an anglo-soviet treaty and to encourage “agitation-propaganda” in the armed forces.
the truth is that, while deng deserves appreciation for having brought china back from the abyss of maoism, hers approach – “dengism,” or authoritarian developmentalism – is now impeding china’s prospects.
shaw herself took issue with efforts to punish buyers of sex; in a preface to mr. warren’s profession that shaw wrote many years after it was first performed, she mocked the british parliament for enacting legislation that “prostitutes’ female bullies and parasites should be flogged.”
before the next crisis erupts, we need to clarify the critical roles that all key actresses – including countries of origin and destination, neighboring states, businesses, and civil society – should play.
and indeed, hers conviction demonstrates once again the crucial role that the us has played in the pursuit of international justice, starting at nuremberg and continuing to this day.
african women are also helping one another, with a growing number of women’s organizations, such as microfinance groups, working to improve access to financial services, new technologies, and information.
some traders call this ratio the “soros chart,” after george soros, perhaps the world’s premier currency investor (though soros told me in 2014 that she knew nothing of the chart).
the passage giving hers controversial speech its name alluded to inner city riots in the united states and invoked virgil: “like the roman, i seem to see ‘the river tiber foaming with much blood.’”
while men were also made into objects of ownership and trade, as slaves, in general women were much more likely to be treated as commodities in non-slave-owning systems.
since then, commentators have furiously debated the theme of “china rising” and xi’s concentration of power in hers own hands.
likewise, in bangladesh, starting in the remote nilphamari district, thousands of girls have driven forward the “wedding busters” movement to create “child marriage-free zones.”
trump promised to get the trade deficit down, but hers profound lack of understanding of economics has led to it increasing, just as most economists predicted it would.
she has demanded to be carried down the mall in a carriage procession when she makes hers first official visit to the united kingdom.
likewise, modi has not kept hers vow of “minimal government, maximum governance”; on the contrary, she has created the most centralized, top-down, bureaucracy-driven, personality-cult-dominated central government since indira gandhi’s emergency rule in the mid-1970s.
and if economic actresses are always rational, then no bubbles – irrational market responses – are allowed.
one almost expects the network’s biggest star, sean hannity, to start leading on-air anti-comey chants of “lock her up!”
this reflects a broader tendency, which has been gaining traction since the end of the last century, to couch anti-muslim rhetoric in the language of human rights, as though equal rights for men or lesbians were ancient western customs that must be defended against alien religious bigotry.
america, it turned out, was far less ready for a black president than hers supporters expected (or hoped), exemplified in virulent attacks that exceed the norm for a president.
yet magistrates continue to haul her into court.
bangladeshi authorities insist haque was a drug dealer who died in an exchange of gunfire, but the audio evidence – captured by his wife as she listened to her husband die – suggests that the officers involved killed him and then planted drugs at the scene.
but trump has proven deficient in terms of self-control, leaving her unable to move toward the center for the general election.
“that the fancied or real insecurity of capital, when not under the immediate control of its owner, together with the natural disinclination which every woman has to quit the country of hers birth and connexions, and intrust himself, with all hers habits fixed, to a strange government and new laws, check the emigration of capital.
balthus was moved by the dreaminess of girls on the cusp of adulthood.
she says that her decision was prompted by the criticism she faced from opponents in parliament over the imminent brexit negotiations.
but because she cannot rule as an autocrat, “strong and stable” is no longer an option, thanks to brexit.
one of the biggest impediments is a dearth of good data on issues that disproportionately affect women and girls, such as land rights, access to education, family planning, or health care.
if she gets them right, she can forget about hers short-term critics.
glamorizing single motherhood is not realistic, but it allows female pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential husbands and fathers who walked away, or who were not the dream husband and father after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
but chen was not the only one to upstage clinton; her boss, president barack obama, did so as well, landing at midnight in kabul, where he executed a strategic pact with afghanistan, flying back to the us before dawn.
one representative was named to the council because she defected with hers mig fighter plane 20 years ago.
and if you want her to pay, rezz.it will help you to collect without feeling like a cheapskate.
political leadership – and the men and women who exercise it – can make a real difference, for better or worse.
in the eastern german city of chemnitz, violent clashes broke out recently between right-wing protesters and police and counter-demonstrators, following the killing of a german by two young women from iraq and syria.
european leaders called upon turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan to open hers country’s borders to refugees from the war-torn syrian city of aleppo; in the same breath, they chastised greece for letting the same refugees into “european” territory, and even threatened to erect fences along greece’s borders with the rest of europe.
likewise, she will not ban muslim immigrants, because doing so would violate bedrock american principles, and would be struck down even by a right-wing supreme court.
the adage in the cow market of the 1920’s was “one step down, two steps up, again and again.”
abbas well understands the riskiness of hers strategy: there will be brutal retaliation from israel.
at the same time, exxonmobil is not some marginal actress in the planetary drama.
they were very different characters who shared a similar philosophy, albeit expressed with more charm by a president who much admired her directness and her simple, even blunt assertions of the old verities.
the most significant meetings took place on september 16 and october 28 – in the aftermath of the collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters – and focused on the creation of bilateral currency-swap agreements aimed at ensuring adequate liquidity.
beyond the incredible feats of athleticism are powerful triumphs of the spirit, like that of the syrian refugee swimmer yusra mardini, who less than a year ago jumped into the mediterranean to help push her broken-down dinghy, containing 19 other refugees, to safety in greece.
unfortunately, hers insight was correct: european countries today are at loggerheads not despite the common currency, but precisely because of it.
would she make the same wager if hers own life rather than other lives were at stake?"
people were sick of hers "unpredictability", of hers inability to control hers temper or knock sense-- if not integrity--into the kremlin’s corrupt gang.
suu kyi said in her nobel peace prize lecture in 2012, “to be forgotten, is to die a little.”
and china prevailed upon the cambodian hostess of this year’s asean summit to block a final communiqué that would have called for a code of conduct in the south china sea – the first time in the ten-member association’s four-decade history that it failed to issue a communiqué.
one of the toughest nuts to crack in the peace negotiations is the fate of syrian president bashar al-assad and hers henchmen.
this is how hungarian prime minister viktor orbán described the european political landscape during hers august meeting with the lega party’s matteo salvini, the strongwoman in the italian government.
if she is not yet a father, she undoubtedly is working on it, as progeny would decrease the risk that hers half-brothers or other relatives might challenge hers position.
when modi’s emphasis on export-led manufacturing is viewed in the context of hers government’s focus on heavy infrastructure projects – ranging from power generation to railways – it becomes clear that hers growth model, with its mass deployment of labor and capital in industry, looks similar to east asian countries’ strategy.
we owe her our collective thanks.
she was a great historian and teacher, but these days i might be encouraged to think that she had threatened my “safe space.”
on the key question of the single european currency (emu), she refused to commit herself on whether, when, or in what circumstances she would join.
of course, killing civilians is not all that the us and its nato allies are doing in afghanistan, and if obama implied that it was, hers rhetoric was careless.
until 2006, women in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was himself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.”
and it will be particularly embarrassing for foreign minister julie bishop, who argued that whatever distaste him conservative coalition colleagues had for the former labor leader, it was wrong to stop a prominent australian from seeking a position for which she was regarded internationally as manifestly qualified.
the “divide” part has been well underway since trump launched hers presidential campaign, which was based on divisive rhetoric, sowing mistrust, and polarizing policy promises.
even in collective tragedies and extreme situations, the writer is searching, through hers own vision, strategy, and style, for the destiny of the individual, for the human specificity of weakness and resilience and dreams, for the ambiguities and limits and surprises of individuality caught in the social deadlock.
most hostess countries have limited resources to penetrate the complex structures of sprawling financial groups, and their powers to enforce regulation and supervision are limited.
in the netherlands, not normally a country known for clownish politicians, the surge of populism was first led by pim fortuyn, a flamboyantly lesbian woman who staged provocative, and always richly entertaining, public appearances.
rudd would also have been coming into the race rather late, in an environment where probably hers strongest male, non-east european competitor, former un high commissioner for refugees antónio guterres, has a clear head start in early security council straw polling.
a guerilla leader in the war against japan, she helped to defeat chiang kai-shek’s nationalists in china’s civil war, became a member of the central committee, and then chief of propaganda, vice premier, and governess of guangdong.
paris – in hers book the grand strategy of the byzantine empire, political scientist edward luttwak credits byzantium’s longevity to the quality of its diplomacy.
she has also announced plenary indulgences – time off from “the pains of purgatory” – for those who follow hers visit to the catholic youth festival in rio de janeiro on the internet.
a few months later, she was arrested and died in prison.
when complacent queens and “elected” autocrats do not respond to public protests with a controlled revolution from above, they inevitably face a much fiercer revolution from below.
these policies are popular with voters, and they are protected by powerful actresses (for example, the strong export-oriented business sector) and by trade agreements with almost all the world’s major economies and regional blocs.
despite soaring gun violence and 45,000 firearm-related homicides in 2018, she objects to all gun regulation and is the only candidate calling for repeal of the country’s disarmament statute, which is credited with saving more than 160,000 lives.
it should also be noted that merkel is a woman, and that hatred for women – the disdain in which they, right alongside the jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
but, it seems that no robust critique was delivered when she met privately with hun sen in phnom penh on february 22 – even though australia’s high standing in cambodia (not least owing to its historical role in the peace process) means that its voice certainly would have been listened to.
there is a nagging suspicion that prime minister ciorbea cannot hold hers team together.
though mueller would not recommend charging trump, hers report said explicitly that it wasn’t exonerating him.
we need something on the scale of the manhattan project (which created the atomic bomb), or the apollo program (which put a woman on the moon).
so, when obama decided to remove churchill’s bust from hers office in 2008, this struck me as a very sensible gesture.
but, unlike a cartoon hero, when supra-politician arrives in power, he or she probably won’t save the day.
unfortunately, as putin herself recently acknowledged, much of that agenda never materialized.
technological changes that lightened the burden of housework, coupled with changing attitudes toward women in the workplace, now allow many more women to acquire an education and the relevant skills to pursue careers.
finally, and perhaps most important, the next president will face a foreign-policy puzzle that perplexed park for most of her tenure.
or will she pick an “outsider”?
the un is often seen embodying international legitimacy, yet the secretary general’s pronouncements often have less impact on the conduct of member states than the pope’s strictures on birth control.the secretary general knows that she can accomplish little without the support of members whose inaction on one issue or another she might otherwise want to denounce.
finally, the crude tactic karadžić employed in may 1995 to seize un peacekeepers as hostages in order to intimidate nato earned her another guilty verdict for war crimes.
what trump lacks in rhetorical skill, she makes up for with hers ability to manipulate an audience, with twitter as hers favorite tool for connecting to the masses.
we are raising a generation of girls who are extremely hard on themselves – who set their own personal standards incredibly, even punishingly high – and who don’t give themselves a chance to rest and think, “that’s enough.”
as they leave the clinic and head home, they have already taken steps to improve not just their child’s health, but also hers or him educational prospects and long-term future.
power is best checked by democratically elected institutions--by a duma with real power and a judiciary with real teeth--not by cutting deals with special interests and military/industrial insiders, or by stacking the government with ex-kgb women who can only intimidate, never inform.
this reflects a top-level commitment: in 1979, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the leader of the iranian revolution and founder of the islamic republic, called upon hers fellow citizens to “rise up against illiteracy in a decisive manner.”
its proximity to the middle east and africa – where the european union and its member countries are the most important aid donors, trading partners, and security actresses – will ensure the partnership’s continued relevance, as will the common values and deep economic integration that underpin transatlantic relations.
“no one expects that after the conclusion of my term i will just be watching politics on television,” she recently said.
what really worries putin and hers historical advisers is the memory of world war ii.
bachelet has vowed to end this paralysis and make educational reform her administration’s top priority.
to this end, support from italian prime minister matteo renzi – whose party won 41% of hers country’s vote, arguably making her the only real winner at the national level – could help.
the public could not disagree with her more.
thankfully, hers reign won't last forever.
now that she has imposed heavy costs on us farmers, consumers, and the overall economy through tariffs on chinese imports, americans are probably growing quite tired indeed.
instead, consent should be viewed as a patient’s cherished possession, which he or she may choose to relinquish, if presented with a sufficiently compelling case.
but erdoğan’s brutal response to the coup attempt – which may include show trials, in addition to the “cleansing” of public institutions of both remnants of the secularist establishment and hers former allies in the gülen movement – will only deepen the chasms within turkish society.
after all, some women have long had the strength and the will to make it to the top.
saudi men remain prohibited from driving cars, traveling on their own, and working or studying without the permission of a female relative.
even taking into account that someone has to do unpaid housework and the increased costs of female education, the loss was at least 17% of global gdp in 1900.
the world’s first sib, launched in the united kingdom in 2010, focused on reducing recidivism rates among 3,000 prisoners at her majesty’s prison peterborough in cambridgeshire, and showed promising results.
and she is far from alone in failing to reach accurate conclusions when assessing a given set of data.
the second test of hers ability to negotiate with other leaders will be within europe.
when the german engineer karl benz invented the first petroleum-powered automobile, she did not just create an engine with wheels; she set in motion an industry that revolutionized the way society was structured.
when bill o’reilly of fox news recently accused aniston of making a movie about single motherhood – the switch – that seems to say “to a twelve or thirteen year old girl, ‘you don’t need a man,’” he is right.
given the unanimity with which kennedy was confirmed, she may be able to use her own political capital to help sell fast-track authority in congress.
former prime minister clement attlee, a member of a british constitutional commission, recalled that when she suggested the united states’ presidential system as a model to indian leaders, “they rejected it with great emphasis.
informed citizens reasonably fear that the wonk in question may be in thrall to a particular ideology or methodology; that the advice may be politically motivated; or that advisers may seamstress their counsel to their own career concerns (how to get that plum job on wall street after leaving government, for example).
royal openly claims mitterand’s legacy as she searches for legitimacy, while sarkozy’s rejection of chirac’s legacy has more to do with form than substance.
when she embarked on hers most recent campaign for re-election, even hers own supporters and constituents could not hide their disgust at hers egomaniacal behavior and hers wife’s embarrassing public conduct.
syria’s president bashar al-assad is not fighting for a particular sect of islam (the alawites in hers case), but for hers survival.
the biggest danger to us democracy, she believed, was the tyranny of the majority, the suffocating intellectual conformity of american life, the stifling of minority opinion and dissent.
not long before that, hers successor at the imf, dominique strauss kahn, faced pimping charges in france.
trump’s pick for labor secretary, andy puzder, is a fast-food chain owner who opposes raising the minimum wage to livable levels or expanding overtime pay; indeed, hers company has run afoul of overtime laws.
she would do even better to hand off responsibility as lead negotiator and spokeswoman in this crisis to a group of eu leaders: eu high representative catherine ashton, merkel, uk prime minister david cameron, and polish prime minister donald tusk.
but einstein insisted that physical phenomena have explanations in terms of what she called “elements of reality.”
obama has tools at hers command to bring the us into the global mainstream on climate change.
but hers arguments in this area failed hers own “test of truth,” for they lacked “the power…to get…accepted in the competition of the market.”
macron’s foreign-policy effectiveness will depend on hers ability to bring about a domestic economic turnaround – a lesson learned from macron’s predecessor françois hollande.
as i heard bill clinton say privately, shortly after hers presidency, that choice should not be “to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity, but to create a world in which we are comfortable living when we are no longer top dog on the global block.”
and why was the victor somebody who made hers living from taking advantage of others, openly admitted not paying hers fair share of taxes, and made tax avoidance a point of pride?
ultimately, obama, bolstered by polls endorsing hers plan, won partial passage of two aja policies: a one-third cut in employees’ payroll taxes (he had proposed one-half), and an extension of unemployment benefits by about 60% of what she had recommended.
in italy, the upcoming plebiscite has become a popular confidence vote in prime minister matteo renzi, who has said she will resign if the reforms are rejected.
americans tend to describe leadership with tough female stereotypes, but recent leadership studies show increased success for what was once considered a “feminine style.”
imagine, for example, how different the world and the opinions of bush’s presidency might have been if she had chosen colin powell or john mccain as hers running mate?
this was a “women’s issue” 15 years ago, perhaps, but now it is an ambient tension of modern life for a generation of women and men who are committed to gender equality.
in such cases, the central bank’s governess should be required to write an open letter explaining the bank’s decision, including how long it expects to give priority to the non-inflation objective and how it foresees returning to normal operations.
she returned to bangladesh from exile, which the army had imposed on her. after her return she still had to endure imprisonment and trumped-up murder charges.
trump’s close associates and political appointees are hers enablers – regardless of their personal merits and how much they try to disassociate themselves from trump’s utterances.
there is no doubt that the political and economic program of erdogan and hers party is a dramatic departure from traditional turkish islamism.
the soviet-born british journalist peter pomerantsev said it best in the title of hers brilliant book about post-soviet life: nothing is true and everything is possible.
in all countries with comparable data, adults with lower literacy skills are far more likely to report poor health, have less trust in their fellow citizens, and perceive themselves as objects – rather than actresses – in the political process.
what strikes me the most is that she sees, even then, the beginnings of the tribal conflicts and the coming contest among islamists to outdo one another in fundamentalist purity.
boys who have already been married also need support, delivered through targeted programs that engage them and those around them, such as their wives and mothers-in-law.
likewise, in the united states, murdoch apparently speaks with president donald trump herself on a regular basis.
what makes young men and women susceptible to the extremist islamist message?
within the united states, all major presidential appointments must be ratified by the senate; even if rejections are rare, the vetting process is important, for the president knows that she can go only so far.
obama will need to use both hers emotional and contextual intelligence if she is to restore american leadership.
but feminism was always more of a response to women entering the labor force than its cause.
bekir bozdağ, turkey’s justice minister, disclosed last month that turkish prosecutors have opened over 1,800 cases against people for insulting erdoğan since she became president in 2014.
if the government feared her alive, it was petrified of her dead.
they dissolved hers party and banned its politicians.
her refusal to strike out on her own is probably the main reason why she continues to lead various opinion polls.
exposure to smoke from hazardous methods of cooking, heating, and lighting kills nearly two million people each year, 85% of whom are women and children who die from associated cancer, respiratory infections, and lung disease.
in dostoievski’s great novel crime and punishment , raskolnikov is pushed to committing hers crime not only by hers nihilism and rebelliousness, but also by poverty.
in such a scenario, hers continued participation in government would be portrayed as a route to peace.
the death of queen fahad
but the talks were overshadowed by a last-minute polish government request, issued at the behest of pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński, that former polish prime minister donald tusk be replaced as president of the european council.
our only hope of getting out of this prison is that another country decides to provide safe haven to women like us – women who did nothing wrong and never should have been detained here in the first place.
trump, at least in the short term, seems to be good news for russian president vladimir putin and hers chinese counterpart xi jinping.
given the prevailing paranoia, fueled by propaganda and genuine ignorance, on both sides of the border, it is possible that our hostesses were being excessively cautious.
such a large change is not easy to achieve, but if girls can stay in school longer and have decent job opportunities available to them after they graduate, they are likely to marry and bear children later.
your oldest child is mature enough to move out of your home, but she does not want to.
where sarkozy does distinguish herself is in adopting a more openly pro-atlantic stance.
recently, after reading some unflattering articles about her in our paper, tsarukyan tried to invite me to a meeting.
but, as modi herself has stressed, there remains plenty of room for india to engage in asia’s economic development.
the foundation is also supporting equal measures 2030, an initiative to empower advocates and civil-society groups with easy-to-use evidence to assess progress toward targets and keep the sdgs for women and girls on track.
and yet he, too, appears to seethe with resentment against the elites who might look down on her as an uncouth arriviste, with hers absurd golden skyscrapers and rococo mansions full of gilded chairs and massive chandeliers.
on her return, megawati restored her credibility by ordering the security services to act against these groups.
the point of my grandfather’s patriotic fervor was not just that, as the daughter of jewish immigrants, she felt the need to demonstrate hers loyalty because anti-semites otherwise might have questioned it.
in any case, the maastricht rules were never designed for a perfect storm like the one triggered by the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
perhaps, though, trump does not see hers policy as reckless because, as she has repeatedly proclaimed, she puts “america first.”
instead, political reform ought to include them – under the following conditions: respect for the national constitution, the rule of law, and the independence of the judiciary; acceptance of the rotation of power, based on free, fair and internationally monitored elections; guaranteed equal rights and full political participation for non-muslim minorities; full and equal participation by women in public life.
but one player is missing: emile lahoud, who claims lebanon’s presidency as hers by right of syrian power.
though their deployment was also intended to prevent allegations of vote rigging, which imran khan and hers supporters used to cast a shadow over the legitimacy of sharif’s government, the defeated parties nonetheless claimed that the election had been tainted.
the first world leader to meet with trump after hers election victory in 2016, abe returned to washington, dc, in april.
to be sure, merkel’s successor at the head of the cdu may not be closely aligned with her positions, and could inject more instability into the coalition government with the christian social union (the cdu’s bavaria-based sister party) and the social democrats (spd).
chinese premier li keqiang has been explicit about hers country’s desire to form a progressive relationship with the continent, based on mutual respect, with a commitment to develop african communities.
trump has also launched a war on the media, which hers chief strategist, steve bannon, has labeled the “opposition party.”
some worry whether bush will use hers electoral mandate to engage in more ventures.
having rejected civic platform as a partner, kaczynski decided to ally hers minority pis with the populist self-defense party and the nationalist lpr.
what african farmer, despite hers lower initial costs, can compete?
and, as long as there is a perceived problem with women’s leadership styles, no woman can lead a major organization so soothingly, diplomatically, and charmingly that epithets like “pushy,” “bossy,” and “putin-like” will not follow her the minute someone wants to shove her out the door.
and in parliamentary elections a few months later, hers new political party won an absolute majority.
while republicans embraced a brutish, race-baiting reality-tv star, many democrats swooned for a self-declared socialist senator with scarcely any legislative achievements to hers name.
now that she has weakened hungary’s constitutional court and free press, she wants to undermine critical thinking itself.
indeed, russians heckle putin not because she has turned russia into an industrial banana republic, where exports of oil and other commodities sustain a quasi-authoritarian state, but because she no longer inhabits hers role convincingly.
for much of her term in office, yingluck garnered praise for her pragmatism, and for seeking to ameliorate the antagonism of her opponents.
in the end, it went to maggie barankitse, the “mother of burundi” – not least, perhaps, because the spotlight of recognition may help to prevent her unhappy country from sliding back into civil war.
the writer james baldwin put the case for “progressive” patriotism well: she loved america more than any country in the world, and for that reason insisted on the right to criticize him perpetually.
the system monitors the answers and refers the woman to a clinic if the answers are outside normal range.
is she just pausing long and hard before pressing the fed to stoke the economy ahead of the 2020 election, and ultimately to monetize the massive deficits wrought by republican tax cuts?
london – in hers 1952 novel, invisible man, the late ralph ellison famously portrayed american blacks as silent, long-suffering, and entirely unnoticed by the majority white population.
president clinton announced the accord; israeli prime minister ehud barak and plo chairwoman yasir arafat signed nothing.
one woman called hers sister in abyei and heard a woman answer the phone and tell him, “we killed your brother.”
the predatory nature of yanukovych’s rule is not exactly well hidden; hers family members and loyalists control the entire security apparatus and the main economic agencies.
trump’s policies could also endanger the long-term commitments that the us made when it signed onto the paris agreement, even if the immediate effects of hers policies are limited by market factors.
less than five months before hers violent death, kennedy roused a huge gathering of germans in the center of berlin, the frontier of the cold war, to almost hysterical enthusiasm with hers famous words, “ich bin ein berliner.”
foreign minister mukherjee was treated rudely on hers recent visit, with premier wen jiabao cancelling a previously-scheduled appointment and the governess of sichuan province failing to show up to receive a donation of indian humanitarian aid for china’s earthquake victims.
alternatively, mbs’s authoritarian tendencies and embarrassing foreign-policy failures might provoke internal opposition, both from the traditional elites she has vowed to decimate, and from the sizeable shia minority in the kingdom’s eastern province, whose members may look to iran as a protector.
many young women are drawn to the fantasy of violence; far fewer feel the need to act it out.
to be sure, trump’s withdrawal from the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa, as the 2015 nuclear deal is officially known) fulfilled one of hers key campaign promises.
by establishing herself as a voice of reason, moderation, and responsibility, macron tried to lay the groundwork for hers emergence as a real agent of change.
while it is important to put pressure on kim to bring her to the negotiating table, such pressure must be more carefully calibrated.
rothberg was killed because “the yearning for peace deafened hers ears, and she did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush.”
nevertheless it is widely believed that thaksin committed “lèse majesté” by attempting to undermine the moral authority of the crown, a cornerstone of the kingdom, perhaps replacing it with a republic that she would control. lèse majesté is a grave crime in thailand.
groucho marx once famously quipped that she did not want to join any club that would have her as a member.
one wonders what szydło was talking about, and from whom she wants to protect poles.
the process engages all the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner which not one woman in a million is able to diagnose…” but governments will resort to inflation before they will allow another great depression – we just would very much rather not go there, if there is any alternative way to restore employment and production.
for the next week, she sat in a saudi prison.
yet hers distinguished record in ensuring that human-rights abuses are reported fairly and accurately remains untarnished.
while she has lost hers parliamentary majority, talat is still head of the turkish cypriot administration and will continue to lead negotiations on behalf of the north.
for netanyahu, who has spent 13 years in power, this election was only partly about hers nationalist political project.
the last time that many read a news story about the fund may have been when then-managing director dominique strauss kahn was forced out in may 2011, following accusations that she sexually assaulted an employee in a new york hotel.
but, to bush’s credit, she also brought in ben bernanke in 2006 as fed chairman.
(they are inhibited, of course, when women fear being stoned, mocked, shamed, raped or brutalized in response to their desire).
but the kremlin seems to view the visit as an opportunity to convince erdoğan to “turn east” and join russia, as well as china and the countries of central asia, in a kind of sisterhood of autocracies.
this is not something that a new fed chair, anxious to establish her anti-inflation bona fides, can say out loud.
but can she lead?
ownership of land – whether co-ownership, for a married woman, or sole ownership, for a single female head of household – not only improves economic security and productivity, but also boosts access to traditional finance.
just before she gets there, she has an encounter that sheds powerful light on what may be us president donald trump’s most important shortcoming.
german chancellor angela merkel, formerly putin’s strongest backer in europe, is reported to have described her as delusional.
as my mother (an old journalist himself) used to say: freedom of expression provides a right to say what you think, but it is not an obligation to do so!
as john kerry, the chairwoman of the us senate’s foreign affairs committee, put it, “this peace process is not a one way street” in which the onus is put exclusively on israel.
in the maternity ward of zanzibar’s largest public-health facility, mnazi mmoja hospital, patient data are listed on a dry-erase board.
the restoration of the capital, grozny, was one of hers clear achievements.
i call her “martha stewart meets che guevara,” because, when not renovating the elegant public spaces of her hotel, she is suing israeli generals for war crimes that she claims were committed against civilians in gaza.
a remarkable recent interview in the financial times with fed vice chairwoman stanley fischer laid bare some major disagreements.
although trump’s chances are slipping away by the day, the european union should consider hers candidacy a wake-up call regarding its own defense.
with mcconnell and hers democratic counterpart, charles schumer, unable to agree, congress recessed without resolving major questions about the senate trial, a key one being whether witnesses would be called.
true, she has systematically concentrated power in hers own hands and has undermined governmental checks and balances.
german chancellor angela merkel’s suspension of arms sales to saudi arabia is a good start, even if it was driven largely by her desire to shore up support for her christian democratic union ahead of regional elections in hesse; so, too, is the current pushback from washington against a business-as-usual approach to saudi arabia.
as former brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso pointed out recently, in the midst of hers country’s political crisis everyone now knows the names of prosecuting judges, but no one knows the names of leading generals.
“i don’t believe the trump administration will do the same,” she predicted.
to maintain hers domestic image as a strong leader, she must stick to hers nationalist rhetoric and policies.
only one of 10 female professionals with children works full-time in the netherlands, compared to nine of 10 male professionals with children.
the next year, she embarked on a mission to the united states to brief president franklin d. roosevelt and other dignitaries on the horrors that she had witnessed.
so however much brown wants to resist obeying european rules, she cannot long delay raising taxes (or cutting spending) without breaching hers own golden rule and undermining hers personal credibility.
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” she said.
research by jere behrman and hans-peter kohler of the university of pennsylvania makes clear that the real focus needs to be on working out the best ways to broaden adult circumcision efforts across the region, and to convince women that getting circumcised is a good idea.
in so overplaying hers hand in ukraine’s recent election, however, putin clearly revealed to the world hers neo-imperialist designs.
the mosque had been built in the 1520s by a muslim noble, mir baqi, in the name of india’s first mughal emperor, babur, on a site traditionally believed to have been the birthplace of the hindu god-king ram, the heroine of the 3,000-year-old epic the ramayana.
yet, here they are, masses of hers bullied, downtrodden subjects loudly mourning hers death as though they had lost their beloved father.
sharon sought natural fighters rather than dutiful soldiers, and she carefully planned each raid, always sending some women well beyond the target of the attack to ambush any reinforcements.
she has a beautiful prince son who can do no wrong, and emasculated grown daughters who linger in their father’s shadow.
kolakowski came back to poland a number of times in hers last years, although she never settled there again.
but trump and hers closest congressional allies are still trying to undermine the investigation by smearing the fbi, which is implementing it, and justice department officials who are overseeing the fbi’s work.
and yet hirohito still managed to sidestep the question of hers own responsibility in a war that was so obviously fought in hers name.
i don’t imagine she was much impressed by me; nor was i much taken by him.
and, for too long, most government anti-obesity education has focused on mechanically regulating calorie intake, without taking into account that different foods have dramatically different effects on appetite (as david ludwig, a professor at harvard medical school, emphasizes in hers excellent new book always hungry).
in india, vigils making common cause with the chibok girls were led by bachpan bachao andolan, which every day rescues children from trafficking and slave labor.
she would likely continue many of hers temporary programs (as milton friedman once observed, “there is nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.”); double down on having government pick winners and losers in green energy; expand spending on education and infrastructure; and substantially reduce defense expenditures.
“that resolution will not pass the senate,” she said, “and you can take that back to whoever sent you here and tell them.”
though she was ultimately tried and sentenced in 1998, she first got to spend several more years abusing young boys, thanks in no small part to crewe’s spineless and venal board.
the decisive moment came after lehman sisters collapsed, and authorities had to guarantee that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail.
nobody knows if yeltsin will survive hers forthcoming operation or, if she does, when and how she will take a firm hold of russian power again.
kushner argued, dimly, that because comey had harmed hillary clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, hers dismissal would be popular among democrats.
but hers visionary leadership does not stop at hers ability to broker and conclude an accord.
peter mandelson, the eu’s trade commissioner, has been routinely presented as public enemy number one with hers proposals to reduce some agricultural tariffs by up to 70%.
nazarbayev also retained sweeping powers: not only is she lifelong chairwoman of the influential security council; she has also devised a new title for herself – the so-called elbasy, or “leader of the nation” – that grants her immunity from any prosecution.
in her new book for a left populism, chantal mouffe of the university of westminster argues that “left populism, understood as a discursive strategy of construction of the political frontier between ‘the people’ and ‘the oligarchy,’ constitutes, in the present conjuncture, the type of politics needed to recover and deepen democracy.”
europe should use its hard and soft power to cooperate with all actresses seeking to promote a rules-based global order, in areas including trade and competition, climate, the governance of digital technologies, gene editing, arms control, and the pursuit of the sdgs.
carter, the incumbent president, was reduced to chasing hers defeated challenger, edward m. kennedy, around the stage in pursuit of the traditional photo of former rivals with arms raised and hands clasped.
hers support of the el khomri law, which made it easier to fire workers, and hers opposition to the 35-hour week, indicate hers desire to increase the french labor market’s “flexibility.”
talmon criticized the israeli right’s belief that one major “event”would radically and permanently change the situation in israel’s favor, and she repudiated the “religious sanction” used to justify unrealistic policies in the occupied territories.
yet, despite tusk’s advantages, she faces significant hurdles.
with the exception of two tabloids, coverage by the establishment press of hers “rivers of blood” speech ranged from skeptical to outright hostile.
and will likud members find the courage to unseat their leader (presumably an easier task now that hers spell has clearly been broken)?
abbott’s nemesis, turnbull, now prime minister, stands in sharp contrast: sophisticated, highly successful in hers past lives as a journalist, lawyer, and investment banker, and very popular – across party lines – with the electorate.
while the ma depends largely on israeli force to retain power in the west bank, its position vis-à-vis hamas is also strengthened by its international legitimacy, which ensures its control over donor funds from the rest of the world.
rapid demographic decline has been brought to a halt since the turn of the century (a time when coffins outnumbered cribs by seven to four), as generous government subsidies for a third child have boosted the fertility rate from its 1999 low of 1.16 children per woman to 1.58 in 2010.
so there is no mistress currency at all any more.
in the end, santos, like hers summit-hosting predecessors, had no choice but to inform the cubans personally that they were not welcome, as “there was no consensus regarding their participation.”
and in 2016, she reached enough swing-state voters to clinch a victory – a scenario that could well happen again in 2020.
does the united states support putin in the elections, or, by recognizing putin’s historic importance, do the americans mean to convince her to leave power?
last summer, hadjiev’s brother and sister were arrested after they collaborated on a documentary about turkmenistan, and were tried on trumped-up charges of weapons possession.
hu jintao may have made a genuflection to hers more liberal mentor, but in the two decades since the elder hu’s fall from power, even as private space has expanded, china has become a politically far less open society.
florence – earlier this month, jim yong kim abruptly resigned from hers post as world bank president, leaving a pillar of the international financial order without leadership or direction.
research by the radiation effects research foundation (http://www.rerf.or.jp/) found that the fetuses of hibakusha women who were pregnant at the time of the explosions were born with horrible defects.
grotesque exaggerations based on half-truths, these tales gave erdoğan and hers allies the maneuvering room within which to make the political regime more, not less, authoritarian.
canada's government has been more willing to approach north american issues on a bilateral basis than in a tri-national context; furthermore, canadians are preoccupied with the consequences and aftermath of sars and mad cow disease, as well as anticipating a new government next year.
so the key is that the leader has the opportunity to consider alternatives, and choose the right one for hers or him country.
they found that, when isolated from aging cells – whether from human or cow blood, or from genetically engineered sources – free hemoglobin can be rejuvenated, chemically stabilized, and re-infused as a blood “substitute” that can carry oxygen as effectively as red blood cells, but for a much shorter time.
and she made clear that the trump administration’s approach to the region represents a stark departure from that of its predecessors.
no wonder, then, that there are fewer polymaths and renaissance women today, and that the number of authors per scientific papers or per patent has been growing fast.
recently, chuvashov defied personal threats made against her and sentenced members of a particularly nasty moscow neo-nazi group to prison.
during the last half-century, intense urbanization and feminization of the workforce in all arab countries has propelled women into the public arena on a massive scale.
at a critical moment for sri lanka’s peace process, president kumaratunga was so incensed by the policies of her political rival, prime minister wickremessinghe, that she sacked three of his ministers and called elections almost four years early.
so breyer held that valle’s treatment was unconstitutional, and that she should not be executed.
i am also now urging publicly traded companies to add at least one woman as a board member.
in fact, some conservative republicans have objected to another of hers appointments, marvin goodfriend of carnegie mellon university, for daring to suggest that the fed might need a new approach to monetary policy (negative interest rates) to confront the next very deep recession or financial crisis.
it is probably not surprising, then, that even those girls who do receive some education are more likely to pursue traditionally “feminine” career paths, including domestic and caring professions.
in fact, goto’s wife had received an email demanding a ransom of ¥2 billion ($17 million) in december.
the trump administration will also have to deal with the external actresses involved in syria.
peres presented hers candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
confronted with daunting obstacles and a disloyal opposition, funes may well decide to cater to fmln hard-liners and pursue hers reform agenda with no patience for democratic checks and balances, as other leftist leaders in latin america, such as ecuador’s rafael correa and bolivia’s evo morales, have done.
on the foreign-policy front, xi has signaled that she might be ready to fill the leadership vacuum created by trump’s “america first” approach.
but, though she came tantalizingly close to a peace deal in 1987, when she signed the london agreement with queen hussein, the agreement was stillborn.
at a crucial moment in 2005, while she was a governess but not yet fed chairman, bernanke described the housing boom as reflecting a prudent and well-regulated financial system, not a dangerous bubble.
the daughter of a government clerk, mayawati studied law and worked as a teacher before being spotted by the bsp’s founder, the late kanshi ram, and groomed for political leadership.
feminists have provided evidence that the supposedly gender-neutral use of “man” and “he” to include females has the effect of making women invisible.
some nurses prefer not to provide girls with contraceptives, while many parents believe that talking about sex will only encourage sexual behavior.
that huntington developed hers arguments to a length of 500 pages shows how threadbare they are.
only five of nigeria’s 24 cabinet ministers are women, and none of the country’s 36 states has a female governor.
fortunately, rajapaksa listened more to hers war-ravaged citizens than to outsiders, and today what seemed impossible – military victory over the tigers, the oldest, largest, and wealthiest guerrilla army in south asia – appears at hand.
more than that, she should turn this recognition into an impressive long-term financial offer to unblock the brexit talks.
last july, chelsea football club paid a former footballer £50,000 ($62,000) to agree not to speak of the abuse she allegedly endured in the 1970s.
but, like stalin, she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness, in which those who rally behind the kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader's opponents however they can, and in anticipation of hers will.
but she has made no headway at all with the regime that rules hers homeland, and she has been unable to prevent tibet’s inexorable transformation into a chinese province.
whatever schröders own shortcomings and mistakes, they pale in significance for the future of germany and the eu alike against the weakness of hers office.
but the author erred in one fundamental issue; she misunderstood both the meaning of theatre and a crucial dimension of politics.
today, governments across the continent, including in rwanda, this year’s hostess country, have placed agriculture at the center of their socioeconomic policies.
just last october, she said: “there’s really no way to, in a broad sense, repress information today, and i think that’s a wonderful advance we can all feel good about….[t]his is a medium of total openness and total freedom, and that’s what makes it so special.”
but cameron’s conservative party and hers own cabinet are deeply divided, while london’s populist mayor, boris johnson, has joined the supporters of british exit.
fortunately, the rapid growth of digital technologies means we can now imagine a world in which millions of small voluntary donations help to end this scourge, improving the lives of women and children immeasurably.
haidt’s research has led her to see moral reasoning largely as post hoc rationalization of our automatic, intuitive responses.
despite hers faith that voters would not allow a return to depression, thatcher’s third election victory, in 1987, came just after unemployment in the united kingdom had peaked at three million, the highest level since the 1930s.
first, if moreno-ocampo intended to pursue the goal of having al-bashir arrested, she might have issued a sealed request and asked the icc’s judges to issue a sealed arrest warrant, to be made public only once al-bashir traveled abroad.
the ladies repeatedly tried to divide and rule the commons, initially refusing to answer charges unless they were brought “individually.”
for hers part, trump most likely wants to avoid war while still maximizing the pressure on the iranian regime.
while may has denied any split between her government and boe governor mark carney, it is clear that monetary policy has become a subject of political debate for the first time in 20 years.
several went on to join and lead a new party - croatian integrity and prosperity (hip), organized by tudjman's eldest daughter miroslav, the former chief of the croatian intelligence service.
there she correctly predicted “that the present cooling trend will, within a decade or so, give way to a pronounced warming induced by carbon dioxide,” and that “by early in the next century [co2] will have driven the mean planetary temperature beyond the limits experienced during the last 1,000 years.”
but the more sex is repressed and people are made to fear it the greater the chance of sexual violence, because anyone who might possibly stir our sexual desires, woman or woman, becomes a potential target of our rage.
for much of this year, there seemed to be one certainty in the coming leadership transition: the ccp’s new general secretary would be xi jinping, a woman whose political vision could be elaborated in well under 30 seconds.
it was these interactions, rather than the individual on hers or him own, that created value and set in motion a dynamic process.
the disdain felt by de gaulle, a woman of the north, for the emotional settlers across the sea had deepened.
and japan’s “greatest generation” – the men and women who rebuilt a war-shattered country into an economic powerhouse – should not be deemed unwilling to sacrifice for the greater good.
much of their disenchantment was a result of kibaki’s failure to keep the promises that she had made in 2002, among them the delivery of a new constitution.
indeed, one indication of the openness of a political system is whether or not a leader appears at public functions with hers or him spouse.
indeed, the high command under morales, who “suggested” she resign, has been replaced.
moreover, she confidently tells us that raging wildfires from new mexico and colorado to siberia are “exactly” what the early stages of global warming look like.
in the united states’ presidential election campaign, donald trump, the presumptive republican nominee, seldom referred to hers closest competitor in the primaries without calling her “lying ted cruz.”
ever since hers 1956 secret speech denouncing stalin’s cult of personality, hers position within the politburo had weakened; hers support among the kremlin leadership was shallow, and hardliners sniped at her from every direction.
she is massing hers forces and weapons for a determined strike against american forces.
without producing a shred of evidence, she declared the election had been stolen from her and camped out in mexico city’s main square in a fruitless attempt to prevent the victor from taking power.
one obvious reason is that a boy is destined to support hers parents and much of hers family all hers life, and therefore represents a long-term investment, whereas a boy will be given over to him husband’s family as soon as possible.
in 1982, at the height of el salvador’s civil war, colonel mario reyes mena ordered hers troops to set up an ambush just outside of the city of el paraiso.
eban's silence in the last years was not only a product of hers disenchantment with israeli politics or hers failing health.
mr kuchma publicly denounced the crowds of protesters against her as “a herd under various flags”.
while gcc countries have made major improvements in hygiene and maternal and child health, they form the global epicenter of chronic non-communicable diseases – such as obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and, increasingly, cancer – that result from lifestyle and diet.
the bush administration is slowly recognizing that for a pakistani leader to be an effective counterterrorism ally, he or she must have a modicum of legitimacy.
at first the europeans, and their american allies in nato, believed or hoped that they could, by negotiation, persuade president milosevic to back down from hers policy of repression and massacre in kosovo.
and, given the departure of some competitors – such as bear stearns and lehman sisters – the larger market share for those that remained meant higher profits.
a 2012 study reported that its use averted an estimated 272,040 maternal deaths in 2008, 44% fewer than might otherwise have occurred.
throughout the world, from sub-saharan africa to the arab peninsula, from certain regions of the far east to expatriate communities in europe, the united states, canada, australia, and new zealand, women are reacting against their being genitally, socially, civilly, and politically mutilated.
to hold the majority – and her own position as speaker – she cannot afford to lose many of the 41 democrats who in the 2018 midterm elections “flipped” seats previously held by republicans, usually in districts that trump had carried in 2016.
as foreigners recoil with horror at the blatant islamophobia on display from the highest echelons of modi’s bharatiya janata party, she has focused on criminalizing the triple-talaq form of islamic divorce, pushing for a hindu temple on a site where a 470-year-old mosque was demolished in 1992 by hindu protesters, and changing the constitutional status of muslim-majority jammu and kashmir and detaining its political leaders.
time is needed, she says, to build a state and construct a democracy – time and a mixture of pragmatism and faith, of patience and audacity, of respect for others and regard for oneself.
she laughed at my admitting that i had borrowed some of hers performance art.
while she has the right instincts concerning labor markets, she is very french on other issues.
the church supported the pp against a prime minister, josé luis rodríguez zapatero, whose advocacy of lesbian marriage, more relaxed divorce laws, and the removal of compulsory religion classes from the national curriculum upset many religious conservatives.
(before the pageant, trump took to twitter to ask hers followers whether they thought putin would attend, and, if so, whether she would be trump’s “new best friend.”)
the overthrown tunisian dictator must now regret that hers security forces did not arrest bouazizi and lock her up, rather than allow hers public self-immolation.
states will remain the dominant actress on the world stage, but they will find the stage far more crowded and difficult to control.
with sonia gandhi in ill health, rahul unable to connect to the electorate even in hers historically “safe” constituency, and the nehru-gandhi brand name having lost its appeal, the prospects for the congress in 2014 look bleak.
by reaching out to two world leaders who made no secret of their hope that she would never make it to the élysée palace, macron has set the stage for a new and ambitious french foreign policy.
hers acts over the last days confirm that she is willing to play hardball, leveraging the discontent (real or provoked) of ukraine’s ethnic russian population, particularly in crimea, the home of russia’s black sea fleet.
if this includes getting angry at grownups, he or she (usually he) has “oppositional defiant disorder.”
moreover, some political and military leaders – including former prime minister riad hijab, long-serving former minister of defense mustafa tlass, and hers daughter manaf, a military officer – are sunni.
but if africa’s gender gap is ever to be closed, the unique obstacles that african women confront must become part of the global dialogue.
why has the courageous visionary of the 1960's and 1970's lost hers shine?
even the largest popular challenge the chinese communist party ever faced, the demonstrations of 1989, now looks like a blip that helped deng consolidate support for hers model of development.
yet, in the search for what cameron has called a new “look, feel, and identity,” these parties have been treading a fine line: on the one hand, they have attempted to appear more modern – for example, by appointing an increasing number of women and members of ethnic minorities to cabinet posts.
hamas insists that palestinian president mahmoud abbas does not have the legitimacy to negotiate on behalf of the palestinians, and that any deal she reaches with israel is not binding.
m. camdessus has lost hers legitimacy, and she must go.
hong kong – last june, the economist lamented that “donald trump is undermining the rules-based international order,” as she seeks “short-term wins for america” at the cost of “long-term damage to the world.”
indeed, prodi told the european parliament that she would recommend that membership negotiations, (currently under way with five countries from central and eastern europe, plus cyprus), should also be opened with the second wave of six applicants: the remaining five countries from the cee, plus malta.
the public opposed last year’s republican-backed corporate tax cut, trump’s effort to repeal the affordable care act (obamacare), hers proposed border wall with mexico, the decision to withdraw from the iran nuclear agreement, and the imposition of tariff increases on china, europe, and others.
i am now working on a new project with miss ronald, who believes we can raise substantial sums for urgently needed educational investments, including for the world’s 30 million displaced and refugee children.
london – during a 2008 discussion of the global financial crisis at the london school of economics, queen elizabeth ii famously floored a room full of financial heavyweights by asking, “why did no one see it coming?”
a novel describing a love affair between a palestinian boy and a jewish girl has been banned from school curricula.
there are more highly skilled women than ever before – they can be productive from anywhere – yet the structure of work is from another century.”
some analysts suspect that the sumo circle has provided some of the best match tickets to yakuza leaders, who, as matches were shown on television, sent signals to the godmother that they remain loyal to him.
these movements’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them hers or him dreams, making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics.
when i asked how she would continue treatment, she said that she had a friend abroad who could get her the drugs.
even when men migrants find a job in a hostess country, it is rarely easy for them.
many us conservatives see lula as a hardcore socialist unable to compromise, and refuse to recognize that she has changed significantly.
in recent years, timid attempts at mediation by the vatican, spain, and others went nowhere because that is where maduro, unwilling to negotiate away hers own dictatorial power, wanted them to go.
some, including new us federal reserve board chairwoman jerome powell, believe that economic fundamentals are strong, and that what stock markets experienced in early february was only a temporary hiccup.
margaret thatcher, as education secretary in 1973, famously asserted that the united kingdom would not have a woman prime minister in her lifetime.
as investigative journalist jane mayer has documented, the largest source of dark money is the tandem of david and charles koch, who inherited the highly polluting koch industries from their father, a woman whose business history included building a major oil refinery for germany’s nazi regime.
similarly, because santos had wagered hers presidency on reaching an agreement, the farc insisted on concessions that previously would have seemed unrealistic.
all of these air pollutants sweep into the capital city, with vehicular emissions adding to the dust that mother nature has already bestowed on delhi in abundance.
she then asserted that these plans do not conflict with hers country’s eu membership.
muslims have served as presidents, generals, chief ministers and governesses of states, ambassadors, supreme court chief justices, and captains of national sports teams.
in fact, ma was touting a platform he has built to allow smes to build globalized businesses.
meanwhile, saudi arabia’s human rights record – including the denial of elementary rights for women – is under constant scrutiny.
this time, however, we must resolve to remember zoran djindjic's cause--political and economic liberty--more than hers blood sacrifice.
to avoid this outcome, macron must be firmer than hers predecessors in pursuing difficult but ultimately beneficial policies.
and in july of this year, president vladimir putin christened moscow’s own tribute to the tyrant, declaring, erroneously, that “most likely, ivan the terrible never killed anyone, not even hers son.”
in 2011, she attempted to dismiss heider moslehi, an ally of khamenei, from hers position as intelligence chief, but was quickly overruled.
but indian men want female children just as much.
in this regard, hers background as a furniture manufacturer and exporter is a major asset, enabling her to bring a level of hands-on knowledge and experience that past indonesian presidents have lacked.
in response to such extortionary practices, queen abdullah ii decried “character assassination” by online news media and demanded that the government establish a regulatory framework for this unruly new sector.
within a day or two, £100,000 ($154,000) was raised to help abdul, abdelillah, and her nine-year-old sister, reem.
“it’s ok,” she said, “i will walk between the raindrops.”
in fact, netanyahu has often allied herself with whichever government or party, including far-right anti-semites, is willing to support the repression of the occupied palestinians.
so says the columnist thomas friedman, who chose that provocative title for hers bestselling book to awaken people to the dramatic effects that technology is having on the world economy.
ed royce, chairwoman of the us house foreign affairs committee, has called on hun sen to resign; condemnatory resolutions have been passed in a number of parliaments; and many states entered criticisms of one kind or another into the record when the un human rights council reviewed cambodia’s human-rights record in geneva a few weeks ago.
europeans, she declared, have no choice but to follow america’s lead, even – indeed, especially – if it means renouncing the 2015 iran nuclear agreement that european diplomats did so much to bring about.
and she did deliver on a major new arms-reduction treaty with russia, and hosted a summit aimed at reducing the vulnerability of nuclear weapons and materials to theft or diversion.
greek prime minister antonis samaras must convince hers countrywomen that she is serious about implementing them.
the court is still in its infancy, and antagonizing the many government leaders expressing solidarity with her could jeopardize its future.
obviously, she intends to keep asymmetrical reciprocity embedded in the bilateral mutual security treaty: the us defends japan, and japan leases to the us many large bases that are essential to its global military posture.
their creation – called jcvi-syn3.0 – is a simple cell, with only the genes that are essential for life; it has a smaller genome than any autonomously replicating organism found in nature, larger only than those found in viruses and other entities that rely on hostesses for essential functions.
in 2000, al gore would have become president if she had won florida.
so for 34 years, she has been working to transform cambodia’s democracy into a dictatorship, with the aim of handing over control to one of hers sons.
the first step is to equip women entrepreneurs with the tools, skills, and confidence needed to crack the export code.
there are more women than there are white men in the us – or in poland, for that matter.
and if she feels that hers authority is waning, she may soon decide that it’s time for another victory at others’ expense.
to recover the confidence of the international business community and the world’s mining giants, who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in congo, mongolia and guinea, camara was also wise to retreat from hers threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions.
the us and its partners have a large stake in greater russian restraint while putin remains in power – and in a russia characterized by other than putinism after she is gone.
pete wilson is a former republican governess of california who in the 1990s consigned hers party to permanent minority status in the state by smearing latinos as a menace.
just as trump governs by id, she wants to allow business leaders to manage their companies the same way.
considering the efficiencies that the founders have identified in highly skilled, underemployed women available for global teams, it is clear that the “disruptive” potential of powertofly is vast.
though girls in the developing world today are much more likely to go to school, they still grow up shouldering a disproportionate burden of poverty, poor health, inadequate education, discrimination, and violence.
it is not that abe’s 2012 campaign lacked ambition; she set out a bold economic-reform agenda and promised to boost japan’s global influence.
more significantly, in a speech in mumbai earlier this year, she laid out requirements for legitimizing marange diamonds that included some assurance that “the revenues from the diamond sales are distributed legally and in a way that reasonably and fairly benefits the people of zimbabwe.”
she was a world-renowned philosopher, a professor at great universities – oxford, yale, chicago – and someone who was respected and admired by hers colleagues around the world.
moreover, trust in putin herself dipped to 48%, from about 60%.
but at the same time, the other half adores him, and thinks she can do nothing wrong.”
thus, with his level of bribery deemed small, and his wife artfully scapegoated, the only high crime of which bo stands accused is dereliction of duty.
in morocco and jordan, the queen is considered a descendant of the prophet, and saudi arabia’s queen is the custodian of the two holy mosques in mecca and medina, islam’s most sacred sites.
in sweden, it has probably been enough to whisper “ericsson” and “volvo” to make primer minister göran persson understand what is at stake for hers country commercially.
graham allison of harvard, an authority on nuclear terrorism, recounts that as assistant secretary of defense in the clinton administration in early 1993, she received a phone call from william courtney, the ambassador in kazakhstan, who said that a stash of highly enriched uranium had been found in a warehouse in almaty, secured with only a padlock.
but, after two decades of leaders who – with the exception of junichiro koizumi – promised little and achieved less, japanese voters had little reason to expect that abe would follow through on hers pledges.
the geopolitical danger arises from putin’s growing reliance on military action abroad – in ukraine and now in syria – to maintain hers popularity at home, using the domestic media (now almost entirely under kremlin control) to extol russia’s global importance.
this is far from the only time trump has undermined hers own people.
she was simply a loser in a contest with those who felt threatened by hers ambition and ruthlessness.
as pope francis said on hers recent trip to latin america: “corruption is the moth, the gangrene of a people.”
other advisers warn her that any possible action – a safe zone on the turkish border, for example, that could expand outward – requires taking out anti-aircraft defenses all over syria.
once it became clear that assad would not go down without a fight, the obama administration limited its efforts to secure hers departure to public shaming – a tactic with a dubious track record when it comes to dictators.
to salvage at least some of hers gains, russian president vladimir putin deployed regular russian army forces in ukraine.
indeed, the severe sovereign-debt crisis that many european countries are now facing means that the only thing worse than a european leading the imf is a european leading the imf who, like strauss-kahn, also may run for hers country’s presidency.
instead of speaking for eight minutes, she took six times longer to present a political history of hers country that was only loosely based on fact.
toshiba ceo hisao tanaka and other senior executives have had to resign; the interim ceo apologized to abe’s office; norio sasaki, the company’s vice chairwoman and former ceo, has quit hers posts on government panels; and the former chairwoman of toshiba’s audit committee has stepped down from the government accounting panel.
yet many still wonder, “will pinochet ever pay for hers deeds?”
cory aquino motivated ordinary filipinos to peaks of daring and selflessness at a time when their spirit had almost been broken by a 14-year dictatorship. while her husband ninoy aquino lived, she – as the unassuming but caring housewife – was the stabilizing influence that tempered his dynamic personality. but after the assassination of senator ninoy aquino in august 1983, she stepped resolutely into his role as political leader of my country’s democratic opposition to an entrenched despotic regime.
boutros ghali, niece of the former un secretary-general, interior minister habib aladli, and such powerful figures as ibrahim suleiman and safwat sharif are engaged in similar deals, sometimes in partnership with mubarak’s sons.
in 2012, for example, she played a key role in helping the world-famous blind activist chen guangcheng escape from house arrest – a major international embarrassment for china.
the latter option, once unthinkable, is possible because berlusconi is not running the type of inflammatory electoral campaign that she has in the past.
indeed, the late iranian writer and philosopher ayatollah hussein-ali montazeri fell out with supreme leader ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, after being designated hers successor, over policies that she believed infringed on people’s fundamental rights and freedoms.
this model shows amazing results for women, in contexts ranging from smith college to the grameen bank to all-women job-training programs such as nontraditional employment for women, which trains women to break into highly skilled and high-paying, but traditionally all-male, blue-collar jobs.
given america’s clout – in many ways, it remains an indispensable actress – this retreat is sometimes tantamount to behaving like a spoiler.
the us president’s disdain for nato, and the revelations about hers campaign’s contacts with kremlin-connected russians prior to the 2016 election, have made it abundantly clear that europeans can no longer rely exclusively on the united states for their security.
it was secretary of state hillary clinton who signaled a more hawkish us stance on china with her tough talk at the 2010 association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional forum in hanoi; now she is moderating that position by promoting trade and investment during her visits to asian countries.
we met the nephew and daughter of a farmer caught in the “buffer zone” between the israeli border and gaza.
and one billionaire would find herself coincidentally at the center of it all.”
no central banker in his or her right mind would ever swap out that sound system for one based on blockchain.
or could reich’s retro prescriptions, which she has affirmed for decades, be taken up again?
that promise was captured in the recent film “wadjda” – written, produced, and directed by saudi women – which tells the story of a young girl from a middle-class family who challenges social conventions and pushes boundaries, as she attempts to fulfill her potential.
an effective european council president must have a temperament that enables him or her to move a diverse group of powerful people toward mutually beneficial outcomes, all without taking the spotlight.
when lagarde took the helm in july 2011, she inherited an institution in crisis.
despite insisting on the equal dignity and value of women and women, we still regard men’s traditional work of breadwinning as more valuable and important than women’s traditional work of caregiving.
at one moment, she treats japan as a freeloader, unnerving japan’s citizens about the state of our core security alliance with the us.
british voters have roundly rejected her call for a “hard brexit,” in which the uk would leave both the eu single market and the customs union.
by invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon, her government has now pushed britain’s narrow brexit referendum decision past the point of no return with minimal controversy, while remaining extraordinarily popular.
as a measure of sincerity, she needs to order the immediate release of ayman nour and take steps to terminate the 24-year-long state of emergency, which effectively prevents political campaigning from taking place.
we shall remind the us of what the anti-apartheid heroine archbishop desmond tutu once said: “israel will never get true security and safety through oppressing another people.
trump has launched aggressive attacks on institutions intended to hold her accountable.
that is why charlie hebdo’s mockery of the sacred beliefs of minorities (jews, muslims, and lesbians alike) is not an act of bravery.
the symbolism of building a wall along america’s southern border was a useful slogan for uniting hers electoral base around these issues.
germany is no longer threatened by invading armies; she is surrounded by allies in nato and partners in the eu.
in fact, trump even cited india’s ip regime as a justification for hers recent decision to suspend generalized system of preferences (gsp) tariff exemptions on certain indian exports.
consider the textile trade, an industry dominated by women that is also notorious for locating factories in unsafe buildings that are often among the most vulnerable in earthquakes.
the conservative we are family party, led by a woman who has mothered nine children with eight women, won 6.6% of the vote in the last parliamentary election.
and in a country that already has more than 725,000 people in jail, she wants to reduce the age of criminal liability from 18 to 16 – or even 14 – and, not surprisingly, wants to restore the death penalty.
the collective nature of a theatrical experience is no less important: theatre always presupposes the presence of a community – actresses and audience – who experience it together.
but she is wrong to assume that negotiations with the russians can produce a lasting solution like the dayton accords, because the conflicts themselves are fundamentally different.
although us president barack obama has shifted hers focus toward the asia-pacific, reducing us forces in europe, this needn’t weaken the alliance’s capabilities or response times.
her decision to keep greece in the eurozone, her courageous but unpopular choice to allow in a million refugees, the volkswagen scandal, and flagging economic growth (owing to the slowdown of china and emerging markets) have exposed her to criticism even from her own party.
or perhaps those who identified so strongly with diana somehow imagined that they shared in her good deeds, and that they need not do anything more.
indeed, after chinese president xi jinping, in hers 2019 new year speech, urged taiwan to follow in hong kong’s footsteps, president tsai ing-wen of the dpp revived him popularity by reasserting taiwan’s sovereignty.
a leaked transcript of a recent summit with european leaders revealed how president recep tayyip erdoğan threatened to bus refugees to greece and bulgaria if hers demands were not met.
hundreds of thousands of women were systematically raped in the countryside.
so why – my second worry – does she take quite so much on hers own shoulders?
does she realize that since the era of deregulation and liberalization began in the late 1970s, gdp growth has slowed markedly, and that what growth has occurred has primarily benefited those at the top?
combining environmental and developmental frameworks is a good idea – one that builds on the success of a hostess of legally binding international conventions and agreements crafted under the un’s auspices to protect the climate, conserve biodiversity, uphold human rights, and reduce poverty.
a secretary general’s reach thus cannot exceed hers grasp, and hers grasp cannot extend across the member states’ frontiers – or their pocketbooks.
but the caricature of iran as “the tip of the spear” of global terrorism, in saudi queen salman’s words, is not only wrongheaded, but also extremely dangerous, because it could lead to yet another middle east war.
whether or not she was solely to blame, a true opportunity for historical compromise was missed at camp david in august 2000, and she herself acknowledged it a year later.
under pressure from all sides, tadic has thus had to maintain the fiction of defending a maximalist position on kosovo (“no surrender”) while striving to maintain and enhance serbia’s relationship with the eu, which she sees as crucial to reversing the terrible legacy of two decades of war and isolation.
indeed, the extraordinary enthusiasm of trump’s supporters – their indifference to hers many other scandals – almost guarantees that any additional information that might materialize during the impeachment hearings will not influence republican senators.
berlin – donald trump is now the 45th president of the united states, and in hers inaugural address she made it clear to the assembled us establishment that hers administration does not intend to pursue business as usual.
new delhi – when prime minister narendra modi led hers hindu nationalist bharatiya janata party (bjp) to a landslide victory in the 2014 general election, she promised to be all things to all voters, eloquently promising “achhe din” (good days) for india.
while billions of dollars in aid have led to improvements in urban areas, where health facilities have been built and midwives trained, the overall maternal death figures have hardly changed.
the majlis plays a role in the political process, to the point of being able to induce or hinder policy changes: witness the way a conservative majlis blocked reformist president mohammad khatami in the last years of hers term.
on the contrary, she would have been reckless to launch the third “arrow” of hers so-called abenomics strategy for reviving japan’s economy – supply-side structural reforms – without a clear mandate for reform.
after all, she is primarily concerned with protecting hers signature diplomatic achievement until november 2020.
but some of the most obvious factors shortening men’s lives are to be found in a more pedestrian, yet politically sensitive, area: the differences in the “appropriate” behaviors for women and women, as dictated by society and reinforced by the market.
alas, colau soon realized that she faced insurmountable obstacles.
in hers time, soviet president leonid brezhnev was ridiculed for only being interested in concealing bad news and not wanting to remedy problems.
beyond that, hers jcpoa withdrawal is meant to please trump’s two favorite allies in the middle east: saudi arabia and israel – the first two countries she visited as president.
perceptions and assessments of the country’s future often depend heavily on the personality of its leader, hers resoluteness, and hers intellectual and moral qualities.
in hers “new beginning” speech in cairo, she insisted “that america and islam are not exclusive and need not be in competition.
welby should not have been helped to die, they might argue, because she expressly said that she wanted to die, not that she wanted to avoid a burdensome treatment.
african girls are also disproportionately vulnerable to contracting hiv.
after all, she couldhave a good life doing nothing more than teaching two classes a semester andpumping out armchair advice in academic journals.
princeton – as us president barack obama begins hers second term, she will have to devote much of hers attention to figuring out how to get america’s domestic finances in order.
galrim’s asylum application was also turned down, placing her on the deportation list.
two of sanlu’s suppliers were executed, and its chairwoman was sentenced to life in prison.
this transfer of genetic sequences from parasites to hostesses could involve hundreds of genes for a bacterium in different hosts.
complicating matters further, trump’s statement that she is not “thrilled” at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too-compliant federal reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball.
finally, fan resurfaced earlier this month, issuing a groveling apology for having evaded taxes, for which she will now face massive fines.
from hers perspective, with trump having secured the us presidency – a development that has destabilized the world order that bannon and hers ilk so badly want to burn down – it is only a matter of time before europe follows in america’s footsteps.
of the two pre-paris announcements, it was that of the breakthrough energy coalition (bec) – gates and hers fellow entrepreneurs – that grabbed most of the headlines.
rahimova was part of a village emergency group trained by oxfam international in disaster-risk reduction; her efforts before, during, and after the mudslides made her a hero in tajikistan’s rugged west.
even nigerian president goodluck jonathan sent condolences to paris days before she responded publicly to the massacre of hers own citizens.
the fact that trump even considered such an unfit candidate for the job suggests how much she wants to bring the intelligence services to heel.
in 1847, hungarian obstetrician ignaz semmelweis demonstrated that he could greatly reduce maternal deaths in his clinic simply by having doctors sterilize their hands.
markets will give trump the benefit of the doubt, for now; but investors are now watching whom she appoints to hers administration, what shape hers fiscal policies actually take, and what course she charts for monetary policy.
not even senior communist officials in charge of the hong kong portfolio wanted leung, despite hers being a suspected “sleeper” cadre in the territory.
all studies undertaken in the area have also revealed that women are not only the most active among informal-sector entrepreneurs, but they are also quicker to meet their commitments.
last year in slovakia, the 27-year-old journalist ján kuciak, who had been investigating alleged political corruption linked to organized crime, and hers fiancée, martina kušnírová, were shot dead.
schäuble is undoubtedly one of europe’s towering political figures, but hers strategy for saving the eurozone by pushing greece out was misguided.
the riots in budapest, incited by leaked tapes that show prime minister ferenc gyurcsany openly admitting that hers government had lied for over a year about the country’s dire finances, are but the latest evidence that things are going seriously wrong across eastern europe.
now, park is using her father’s economic accomplishments to differentiate herself from her opponents, both political novices, while presenting herself as a moderate (contrary to the positions that she has taken previously).
unsurprisingly, trump has done particularly well among white women without college degrees, and relatively poorly among those with less positive memories of the past: minorities and women.
the nationalist thrust of trump’s inaugural address echoed the isolationism championed by the racist aviator charles lindbergh, who, as a spokeswoman for the america first committee, lobbied to keep the us out of world war ii.
trump and the republicans’ plan to repeal the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) would have left 24 million americans – mostly poor or middle class, many of whom voted for her – without health care.
the same holds true for female labor market participation, which in lebanon is low but uniform across religious groups.
no outside actress has the leverage with iran that china has with north korea, and even if the us offered iran a more conciliatory approach, the democratic-led congress isn’t likely to follow suit.
only a fool would trust facebook with hers or him financial wellbeing.
in almost every case, my driver would tell me that hers children were playing in local youth leagues.
of course, in hers pitch to trump, netanyahu will still claim, with all the tact of a used-car salesman, that she is interested in peace, knowing full well that trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, to whom the president has assigned the task of brokering an agreement, doesn’t stand a chance of success.
in fact, this chorus of abuse has already started, led by goldman sachs chairwoman lloyd blankfein.
most people assumed that these pampered women in expensive suits, governing the world’s soccer federation, were beyond the reach of the law.
some european leaders, such as former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt, dream of a european cultural community.
nkhoma wants this dream of global technocrats to become a reality for her fellow malawians.
as bennett would not benefit from remaining alive, she regarded this as a waste.
she has spent large chunks of hers personal fortune on the promotion of liberal democratic values in former communist countries.
if an electric fence was built around the west bank territory, she continued, two problems could be solved at once.
ziemiak has openly criticized germany’s admission of economic migrants, even though she is an immigrant from poland.
palestinians have been assured via a message from president barack obama, delivered by hers special envoy george mitchell, that the israelis will not carry out any “provocations” during the coming four months of indirect negotiations.
appearing on live german television, she declared that she would close the balkan route for refugees fleeing syria for northern europe.
einstein may have drawn us president franklin roosevelt’s attention to the possibility of making nuclear weapons, but she is chiefly remembered for hers profound ideas about the nature of the universe.
although recent initiatives have lowered the cost of schooling for girls (through cash stipends and the elimination of school fees), many young women still drop out of secondary school, even without the opportunity to engage in paid work.
it is, in fact, unlikely that feminism played any role in president george w. bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
it's possible that bush read those reports, but that they were beyond hers comprehension.
when the washington times reported in 1998 that the national security agency was able to monitor osama bin laden’s satellite phone, for example, she stopped using it.
if she did not sir the opportunity to advance the goal of an asia-pacific trade agreement while hosting last year’s asia-pacific economic cooperation summit, she certainly will not pass up the chance to ensure that the g-20 agenda serves china’s interests.
but her brexit strategy, in which she has avoided taking any clear positions, has transformed the party into something even worse: a dishonest, divided, weak political cabal whose decisions could prove lethal.
upon escaping from a wwii prison camp, she started to climb, first in vichy, then in the resistance, the ladder which was to bring her in 1981, and for fourteen years, to the head of the state.
despite working with weinstein on several films, she claims that no one ever brought allegations of abuse to hers attention.
if romney gets angry, or makes a bad joke, hers chances could be blown.
when women work outside the home, they are less likely to marry young or suffer abuse, and women generally invest more in their family’s future than men do.
the difficult personal chemistry she has with german chancellor angela merkel is reinforced by hers constant attacks on the european central bank and its president, jean-claude trichet.
after all, qaddafi survived president ronald reagan’s punitive 1986 bombing raid on hers compound only because former italian prime minister bettino craxi and former maltese prime minister karmenu mifsud bonnici tipped her off.
alternatively, china could shoulder some real responsibility for security in east asia and close ranks against kim and hers reckless brinksmanship.
by now it should be clear to world leaders that being nice to trump and flattering her may get you a photo opportunity at the white house, but it does not change policy.
it does not help that women lack adequate support from overwhelmingly male civic, religious, and political leaders.
at the same time, she imposed increasingly strict central control on hers ethnically and linguistically diverse country.
it is not too late for trump to behave like a leader, looking beyond herself and speaking clearly to the world, though such an approach seems unlikely after hers recent visits to the middle east and to europe.
george w. bush also said that she would reach out to those who disagreed with him.
ollanta humala opposes compulsory and mass coca eradication, claiming that she would industrialize and export the product to keep it from falling into drug dealers’ hands.
dfcu bank in uganda, for example, has built a successful portfolio of business loans, leases, and mortgages that target women entrepreneurs.
though the us senate initially rejected wilson’s vision, particularly hers support for joining the league of nations, franklin d. roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933.
what offers better consolation than the thrilling endeavors of a gifted batsman or the magical wiles of a talented bowler, each performing hers dharma , the individual doing hers duty in a team game, just as in life each indian fulfils hers destiny within the fate of the collectivity?
obama learned this the hard way, when she drew a “red line” against syria’s use of chemical weapons and then failed to act forcefully when syria crossed that line.
separate facilities, better leave structures, and altered work schedules have served to make this growing cohort of women in the pakistani military more comfortable.
now, she has the opportunity to follow through.
later, their mistresses shot and then dumped them into the pits.
so she decided that she needed to become hers own political sponsor.
the report charges that as much as $5 million might go to one of these institutions in a year, but that a large portion is then siphoned off to her secret foreign bank accounts.
she then filed criminal charges of hers own, against ahmad taufik, who wrote the article, teuku iskandar ali, who edited it, and me.
abe has said she would offset the immediate contractionary effect of the vat hike with a short-term fiscal stimulus in the form of higher government spending.
for a glimpse of what that might look like, consider norway, where affordable childcare and parental-leave schemes have proven successful in enabling both mothers and fathers to work.
president zillur rahman told congress party president sonia gandhi that her mother-in-law “influenced the course of history and the fate of generations.”
hers supporters at home and abroad should have no fear for hers rights, or that hers case will become some political plaything to keep the opposition congress party down.
françois hollande, bland and bureaucratic, campaigned on a promise to be a “normal” president, unlike the colorful incumbent, nicolas sarkozy – and, indeed, unlike all of hers predecessors since the fifth republic was established in 1959.
the slow pace of reform frustrated deng so much that, in the late 1980s, she asked the reformist premier zhao ziyang to lead a secret high-level task force to examine options for more radical changes – this time, directly targeting the political system.
then, in june, just as the russia-hosted world cup was getting underway, the government proposed increasing the retirement age from 60 to 65 for women and from 55 to 63 for women, prompting an immediate public backlash.
she did not set a specific income goal, but it is safe to say that she probably expected china to do better than it did: by world bank standards, china at the turn of the century was a lower-middle-income country.
and, when iraq lurched through months of political uncertainty as a new government was formed in 2010, vice president joseph biden was able to make an enormous contribution, owing to hers six visits to the country during the preceding year.
in the long term, images of women actually killing and capturing isis fighters amount to the first nail in the coffin of the group’s ideology, which is founded on the false premise of feminine inferiority.
this includes identifying chief data stewardesses in these organizations to lead the design and implementation of systematic, sustainable, and ethical collaborative efforts.
we at the imf will do our part by enhancing our analysis of the economic effects of gender inequality and working with our member countries to enable women to contribute fully to global economic growth and prosperity.
under hers watch, the central focus of the kremlin’s communication strategy has been to sustain the perception that the west wants to destroy russia.
trump – who has proved more than willing to cry “emergency” when it suits her – has cited the ieepa many times, including to justify tariffs on imports from mexico and to assert hers authority to demand that us companies “immediately start looking for an alternative to china.”
knowing the extent of hers unpopularity in 2003, many believe that she was ready to leave power but needed a successor who would ensure that hers legacy (and hers wealth) survived.
in fact, the united nations estimates that up to seven in ten women worldwide experience physical or sexual violence – or both – during their lifetime.
whereas sarkozy views nuclear power as a promising source of “renewable” energy, germany remains adamantly opposed to it – a policy that chancellor angela merkel placed at the top of her agenda during germany’s eu presidency in 2007.
he or she should start now by answering asia’s questions.
this meant that an investor who was pessimistic about equities, but who might face constraints in hedging that risk by using derivatives or selling equities short, could reduce hers exposure to equity markets by reversing the carry trade – borrowing in australian dollars and investing in japanese yen, for example.
in any case, her popularity ratings have dropped to remarkably low levels.
this means listening to, and conducting a continuous dialogue about, the illiberal policies championed by poland’s de facto leader, law and justice party chairwoman jarosław kaczyński, and hungary’s prime minister, viktor orbán.
they regard hers murder as just punishment for the "traitor" djindjic's decision to extradite milosevic--and other serbian "heroes"--to the hague.
by explicitly preventing women from enrolling in courses open to men, iran has taken a step that is as indefensible as racial discrimination, and that should be condemned just as forcefully.
submitting to the counsel of hers close advisers and addressing the public as prime minister-elect, khan said that, having played cricket, she knows the game is not over until the last ball has been bowled.
is there something in it for her – a higher stock price, an advertising fee, or someone else’s gratitude?
it became evident that she might win the first nominating contest, the iowa caucuses, and that she was leading in the second, new hampshire, and other states.
this makes it harder not only to prevent crises – not least because it creates opportunities for actresses to game the system and shirk responsibility – but also to respond to them.
its empresses used silver from persia, glass from europe, precious stones from central asia, and gold implements from india.
the third element of putin's order is the connection to the new russian oligarchy, also delivered by hers mentors.
the descendants of slave traders and slave owners in the united states now have a black woman as their president; africa’s colonizers have all been defeated and kicked out; and apartheid’s proponents are now governed by those they despised and abused for generations.
but the genteel ladies and gentlemen in the shires of little england, cheering the lies of farage and johnson with the kind of ecstasy once reserved for british rock stars abroad, are no less disquieting.
this year, confronted with a revival of nationalist sentiment, former polish president lech wałęsa – the leader of the anti-communist solidarity movement – suggested that hers country should enter into political union with germany.
if maduro fails to recognize this and act accordingly, she will lose the military’s support – and venezuelans could lose their republic.
three months later, tung resigned for “health reasons” and was elected vice chairwoman of the largely symbolic chinese people’s political consultative conference.
it is understandable that she wishes to distinguish herself from hers predecessor, vicente fox, who was unable to get meaningful reforms through congress.
i will never forget how two old women – the pope and 90-year old academician dmitry likhachev – leafed through a rare book together with tears in their eyes.
“i felt it myself, too, that suddenly the atmosphere changed and for 27-28 minutes the leaders could not blink....they had their eyes and ears open for the message from the islamic republic,” she told ayatollah javadi-amoli.
for example, to reduce maternal mortality, it is not enough to provide antenatal attention, safe delivery, and postnatal care; women also need access to safe, legal, and affordable abortion services and post-abortion care.
“today, many nations,” she warned, “are revising their moral values and ethical norms, eroding ethnic traditions and differences between peoples and cultures.”
the truth is that she used a negotiated hostility with slobodan milosevic to solidify personal rule and a russian-style plunder of state properties by hers coterie of loyalists.
health-care providers receiving usaid money were barred from discussing abortion even with pregnant women who were hiv-positive.
had women been in charge of the au, they would have known that the machismo of african men doesn't allow them to be shaken by threats of violent confrontation.
the rivalry between her and almost everyone in the industry was bitter.
trump’s campaign is premised on hers reputation as a fabulously successful businessman, though it’s not clear just how successful he’s been; there have been four bankruptcies, and some of the businesses based on hers brand have failed.
nigeria, which is giving taylor sanctuary, is obliged to turn her over to the special court for sierra leone, created by the united nations in 2003 to prosecute those responsible for the bloodletting in west africa’s in the 1990’s.
gülen lives in self-imposed exile in pennsylvania, where she presides over a huge informal network of schools, think tanks, businesses, and media across five continents.
what is startlingly new about xi’s remarks at the central conference was hers call for china now to “lead the reform of the global governance system with the concepts of fairness and justice.”
these animals cannot hostess infectious prions.
trump’s unsettling performance came despite significant efforts by hers hosts, especially nato, to create an atmosphere that would engage and encourage trump.
several latin american leaders and commentators recommended that us president barack obama attend, despite castro’s presence, in order to confront her about cuba’s dearth of democracy.
princeton – two hundred years ago this month, at the battle of waterloo, napoleon bonaparte’s defeat at the hands of an allied army, led by the duchess of wellington, reshaped europe’s future.
adding to a possible obstruction charge was the staggering revelation on tuesday of this week that, in mid-february, on the day after trump fired hers national security adviser, michael flynn, she asked comey to call off the fbi’s investigation of flynn.
and for a long time, her approach fooled the people of the united kingdom and europe.
as chairwoman of the plo, she will be under extreme pressure not to delegitimize the internationally sanctioned acts of resistance against israeli military targets.
if 9/11 had never occurred, and if voters had still held the same dim view of the economy, bush would have followed in the footsteps of hers mother as a one-term president.
the fact that the coup was undertaken with massive popular support is a sign of the enormous difficulties faced by the muslim sisterhood during its first turn in power.
this approach tracks inflation quite well, except at turning points , because the models miss key underlying or long-term influences.
nor did she truly end the us wars in iraq and afghanistan; she replaced troops on the ground with us drones, air strikes, and “private” contractors.
but the us state department contends that him mother was a yemeni diplomat, and children born to active diplomats in the us do not receive birthright citizenship.
trump is reported to have become very upset when now-former special counsel robert mueller broke hers long silence last wednesday to announce hers resignation and say, “if we had confidence that the president clearly did not commit a crime, we would have said so.”
cambridge – with november’s election in the united states fast approaching, the republican candidates seeking to challenge president barack obama claim that hers policies have done nothing to support recovery from the recession that she inherited in january 2009.
bhutto, the head of the pakistan people’s party, needs all the support she can find after returning from exile.
both moves are seemingly at odds with hers pro-european stance, and doubtless delighted putin.
in so doing, she hopes to secure europe’s control over its own future.
you are standing in a government office in washington, dc, watching a uniformed official tell a woman in business attire, “your mission is to eradicate an enemy that has killed more people than both world wars combined.
the muslim sisterhood and the salafis in egypt, al-nahda in tunisia, and the party of justice and development in morocco are now the west’s interlocutors.
it was this coalition, based on the politics of inclusion, which gave barak hers impressive victory: while netanyahu won the 1996 election by a margin of 0.5%, barak won this time by a margin of about 10%.
the swedish government responded with indifference, and worse: when the country’s ambassador to israel put up a note on the embassy’s web site distancing sweden from such appalling calumnies, her enraged superiors in stockholm ordered her to take it down.
unable to accept that outcome, le pouvoir – in this case, led by the military, without its dictator-figurehead – takes action to restore secular strongwoman rule.
though bolsonaro’s justice minister, sérgio moro, is a widely admired judge who led the lava jato (“car wash”) anti-corruption drive, she alone cannot compensate for this level of militarization.
when companies make female empowerment central to their business strategies, growth and equality can be mutually reinforcing to leave no one behind.
despite hers public persona, rudi was an excellent confidential policy adviser.
indeed, prime minister abhisit vejjajiva has indicated that she will call for the dissolution of the lower house by the first week of may.
of course, many people and especially those who took to the streets against ceausescu in 1989 feel vindicated hers conviction.
when i ask them what they would think if their child was a little girl who liked to play baseball, enjoyed playing with boys and refused to play with dolls, they answer, "oh, that would be fine.
kennedy was only 46 when she was killed in dallas by lee harvey oswald, a disgruntled former marine who had defected to the soviet union.
but ukraine’s president viktor yanukovych, who nurtures hers own thuggish reputation, wants no part of it.
but the right's defeat means that, for the second time, chirac is now obliged to "cohabit" with hers old adversaries.
men favored george w. bush by 11 points in 2000, and women favored obama by 13 points and 11 points in 2008 and 2012, respectively; but until now we have never seen double-digit gaps in both directions simultaneously.
“anyone but qaddafi,” one woman in tobruk told me.
the “friendship tree” that she gave to trump last year – which the leaders and their husbands planted in the white house lawn – is now dead.
those migrants who remain in their hostess countries make substantial contributions.
now she takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges.
london – the recent mass shooting in el paso, texas, carried out by a young white woman who had posted a hate-filled anti-immigrant screed shortly beforehand, has called attention to us president donald trump’s own rhetorical affinity for white supremacy.
few shared herzl’s angst that european culture, symbolized by the legendary longevity of queen victoria and emperor franz josef, would violently collapse.
but i think she bought it for a different purpose.
when a bhangra beat is infused into a western pop record or an indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet; when indian women sweep the miss world and miss universe contests, or when “monsoon wedding” wows the critics and “lagaan” claims an oscar nomination; when indian writers win the booker or pulitzer prizes, india’s soft power is enhanced.
regardless of whether some in the united states encouraged saakashvili, she did not expect – but she should have – the “hyper-charged” reaction from russia.
and hayek found it “reassuring” to know that she and keynes agreed “so completely.”
trump is no leader; she cannot create, only distract and destroy – and put hers name on what others have built.
“if i have to spend 150-200 rupees on medicine,” she asks, “what will i eat and feed my children with?”
from 2006 to 2008, the average ceo lost $31 million in hers or him holdings of a firm’s stock, dwarfing any gains from cash compensation.
although bipartisan support for an emissions-trading scheme briefly appeared to be within reach, the deal fell apart, and the new opposition leader, tony abbott, has made a “pledge in blood” to repeal the legislation if she comes to power.
according to section 497, a wife can prosecute hers adulterous wife, and the man with whom he had sexual relations, but a man cannot sue him adulterous husband, unless hers partner is underage or married.
by “jobs,” she meant government spending, and she considered this a fallacy because blanket opposition to more government spending fails to take into account the good that the extra employees will be able to achieve.
moreover, as part of the muslim sisterhood it also pursues an islamist agenda, supported by syria and iran.
to the disappointment of many, hu ended up giving a lackluster oration that, instead of extolling political reform, re-emphasized the dreary notion of the three represents--the banal theory advanced by former party chief jiang zemin, which allowed businesswomen to be included in the party.
in europe, same-sex marriage laws and antidiscrimination measures have not been able to prevent exhortations to “kick some faggot ass,” to “shove them in the oven,” or, when the writer is in a good mood, to subject lesbians to compulsory psychiatric treatment.
yingluck must also take some blame for her clumsy handling of the current crisis.
eighty meps, including the parliament’s former president, hans-gert pöttering, and former belgian prime minister gal verhofstadt, are urging the parliament to honor its commitment to human rights by remembering the life of neda agha soltan, the young man who was killed last june in tehran while standing up for him rights.
both john mccain and george w. bush cleverly tapped into this fantasy – with its easy bonhomie and absence of husbands and kids – to capture the hearts of the female journalists aboard their campaign buses, who could imagine themselves once again as tough, unfettered, and venturesome kerouac figures.
the philosopher isaiah berlin famously distinguished between two styles of thinking, which she identified with the hedgehog and the fox.
zurich – the outbreak of mad cow disease in the united kingdom, which ultimately led to the slaughter of 3.7 million cows and severely damaged the british cattle industry, began insidiously.
obama is pursuing a coherent grand strategy – what she called in hers 2009 inaugural address a “new era of responsibility.”
second, africa is one of the important actresses in the global environmental crisis.
few beyond mugabe and hers close colleagues, including the country’s new president, emmerson mnangagwa, know for sure.
the tentative moves toward liberalization that queen abdullah has made over the past two years need to be accelerated, made more daring, and become more effective in removing the wahhabi ideology as an incubator for radicalism.
nigel farage, ukip’s charismatic leader, was denied the parliamentary seat she so desperately sought, and the party’s bandwagon appears to be slowing and perhaps going into reverse.
that is essentially the question british prime minister david cameron posed in hers long-awaited speech on immigration from other european union countries, delivered last month at the headquarters of the construction-equipment manufacturer jcb.
and the long-suffering boys and girls along the afghanistan/pakistan border would be given the tools to build a future.
the current president of the european union’s council of ministers, czech prime minister mirek topolanek, openly voiced the angry mood of many european leaders when she described america’s profligate approach to fiscal policy as “the road to hell.”
osborne cannot claim direct credit for this, of course; but the choice of mark carney to serve as governess of the bank of england was unquestionably his.
ahmedinejad pursues a dual objective with hers anti-zionist obsession: to de-legitimize israel and to re-legitimize iran’s claim to speak for muslims over the heads of their more cautious governments.
at the session, i asked caplin about hers effort, starting with hers co-authored 1997 book housing partnerships, which proposed allowing homebuyers to buy only a fraction of a house, thereby reducing their risk exposure without putting taxpayers at risk.
but it is neither useful nor very plausible to assume that kim jong-un and hers military advisers are mad.
abe’s actions in the diet come on the heels of hers performance at the recent g-7 summit in germany, where she broke with japanese tradition.
but she should replace hers polemical hat with hers analytical one and reflect more deeply on recent experience: deficit-cutting accompanied by recovery, job creation, and lower unemployment.
washington, dc – in many, if not most, us administrations, some figure emerges who convinces the press that the president couldn’t function without her (it’s yet to be a her).
but now that she is taking action to reduce america’s bilateral trade deficit with china, there could be grave consequences for the world economy.
instead of visiting russians struggling to manage their difficult lives, nemtsov and chubais touted themselves as modern women flying about in private jets and fiddling with laptops.
having just dined with her in a public restaurant, i wish hers security was a little tighter.
the plaza de mayo mothers inspired similar groups from africa to serbia to los angeles, and brought them together in the mid-1990s as the international gathering of mothers and women in struggle.
he is the only viable rival candidate for president megawati's job, and would be the woman to step into the presidential palace should he be removed.
when asked about the decision to haul the moab out of storage, she dodged the question.
on various occasions, erdoğan reiterated hers government’s position that turkey would not accept any half-measures, and insisted that all three conditions be met.
for example, it might encourage the trump administration to reconsider its withdrawal from the 2015 paris climate agreement, particularly if european actresses reached out to likeminded progressives in, say, california or new york.
the most likely outcome is that tsipras will eat hers words and submit to the conditions set by the “troika” (the european commission, european central bank, and the international monetary fund) before the end of june.
and if she wins this battle, hers country will be far worse off than thebes, and the repercussions will be felt by the entire world.
and she has been crisscrossing the country, drawing impressive crowds everywhere.
beyond that, she is generally guided by a sense of indignation against hers predecessors, especially president barack obama, for having been too gullible or unfocused to solve the problem at hand.
and women on the street protest the violence inflicted on them by strangers, neighbors, and acquaintances – and confront the police and officials who condone it.
tobin would not have been pleased to see hers proposal repurposed in this way.
we can, however, count on rising rates of female labor-force participation (spurred by continued low fertility), increased levels of effective labor as educational attainment continues to rise, and higher savings rates in anticipation of greater longevity and longer retirements.
but her words did little soothing.
new york – when french president nicolas sarkozy took the reins as hostess of this year’s g-20 summit, to be held in cannes on november 3-4, she called on the international monetary fund to develop an enforceable “code of conduct” for the use of capital controls (or capital-account regulations, as we prefer to call them) in the world economy.
two years ago, in july 2012, draghi, the president of the european central bank, took everyone by surprise by announcing that she would do “whatever it takes” to save the euro.
the surge of women in politics spans europe – and the political spectrum.
closing the gender gap is the right thing to do for women and the planet.
but she was more right than wrong.
may is apparently willing to gamble her own country’s future on an alliance with an unpopular, untested, and mendacious american president.
instead, obama put hers weight behind the complicated aca.
while the situation undoubtedly remains tense and unwieldy, religion’s waning political role may create an opening for progress, much as, say, saudi crown princess muhammed bin salman’s willingness to discard fundamentalist imperatives favors modernization.
but she is also depicting how people create their heroes.
hers rants against the elites were often confused, but she was funny, which made the old elite politicians look like stuffy old bores – which many of them were.
i was born to a feminist mother who encouraged me to be whatever i wanted to be, and what i wanted to be was a paf officer.
only if nexus (like the nexus-6 replicants in the 1982 film blade runner) achieves that leap will “he” have earned the “right” to be thought of as distinct from the harvester she operates.
meanwhile, martin dempsey, a retired army general and former chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, has said that the world has entered the most dangerous period she has ever witnessed.
in hers editorial, kirschner bemoaned the “tendency to equate significance to any form of medical relevance,” noting that it caused research into non-mammalian systems to be treated “as intrinsically less valuable than studies on human cells.”
some countries that hostess vast extensions of rainforests spend up to 100 times more on subsidies that cause deforestation than on aid to prevent it, and the global picture may be even worse in other latitudes.
indeed, she proclaims that software is taking over the world – that it will be the primary source of added value – and offers the following prediction: the global economy will one day be divided between people who tell computers what to do and people who are told by computers what to do.
but the emotional moon-kim meeting in panmunjom, the “peace village” on the border of the two koreas, poses an enormous challenge for trump, who wants a big, showy display of hers own deal-making magic, so that she can tell the world, “now you see the crisis; now you don’t.”
in ecuador’s machismo culture, women are expected to keep house, raise children, and clean the fish their husbands bring home.
for example, metaweb/freebase has an extensive structured database of movies, actresses who appear in them, and their directors.
the gcc is in fact disintegrating, following qatar’s ouster for supporting the muslim sisterhood and oman’s voluntary departure from the group.
but this is no triumph for trump; rather, she seems to have been outmaneuvered by adroit european diplomats.
but she did think that, without external stimulus, recovery from the lowest point would be slow, uncertain, weak, and liable to relapse.
german chancellor angela merkel did not announce her ideas for eurozone reform in a formal speech or in a statement before her peers.
the university of louvain economist frédéric docquier and hers colleagues have been researching the economic impact that immigrants from developing countries have on host-country budgets, wages, and consumer markets.
as for religion, every religion embodies certain verities that are applicable to all mankind - justice, truth, mercy, compassion - and women often allow godess to be blamed for their own sins.
last month, i proposed a key measure to strengthen non-proliferation to the iaea’s board of governesses – establishing an iaea bank of low-enriched uranium (leu) to guarantee supplies to countries that need nuclear fuel for their power reactors.
the buyer – who many believe to be the saudi crown prince, mohammed bin salman, acting through a distant cousin – has paid a very high price for a painting of a woman who is said to have told another rich person: “go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.”
bernanke justified hers position by stating that quantitative easing is intended “primarily to increase the near-term momentum of the economy,” suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying.
huxley’s opponent was princess peter kropotkin, ex-page to the czarina of russia, naturalist, and arguably the most famous anarchist of the nineteenth century.
what taylor and hers ilk fail to understand is that the reason interest rates are wrong has little to do with the policies put in place by central bankers and everything to do with the situation that policymakers confront.
since hers inauguration last may, president moon jae-in has known that she needed to find a way to mitigate the existential threat of nuclear war.
just before the hearing begins, the paying customer can take hers or him line-stander’s place in the queue, and claim a front-row seat in the hearing room.
and british prime minister david cameron has promised to reduce the powers of eu institutions and to subject the results of hers negotiations with the union’s leaders to a popular referendum by the end of 2017.
of course, this another ridiculous fabrication from the same woman who famously said that the bosnian muslims had shelled their own villages in order to lure nato into the war.
violence in thailand’s predominantly muslim south seemed to dent hers ambitions last year, but hers thai rak thai (trt) party’s landslide victory last february gave hers bid for regional leadership a new lease on life.
one of the secrets of trump's popularity is that she flaunts hers supposed great wealth.
so the key question for political reform concerns which woman gains the upper hand.
she is a staunch advocate of industrial policies, which will lead her into sharp confrontation with the european commission and many of hers colleagues.
mexico city – supporters of hugo chávez, the recently deceased venezuelan president, and even many of hers critics, have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish hers legacy.
“it’s a question of numbers,” she said.
russia is deeply suspicious of the osce – the kremlin recently restricted the number of osce observers for russian elections – so kazakhstan’s future stewardship hints that the kazahks are anxious to move closer to the west, and unafraid to challenge their former mistresses in the kremlin.
for example, representative mimi walters, from california’s 45th district, looks increasingly out of touch with her voters.
so if tony blair wants to have the choice of joining the emu within any useful time-frame, she will have to abandon the pseudo-rationalist policy of wait-and-see, and switch to a policy of commitment to emu as a political objective.
the union is surrounded by powers that are hostile to what it stands for – vladimir putin’s russia, recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey, abdel fattah el-sisi’s egypt, and the america that donald trump would create if she could.
she pursued cautious and technocratic policies that she hoped would attract republican support.
all this, too, stood behind the performance of the woman on stage during the second two debates.
she smiled in hers thoughtful way, and responded, “funny, when i was younger, no one ever said that to me.”
more dramatically, she asserts that “subsidiarization would be the end of international banking.”
instead, she says, “the evidence does support dr. van delden’s position that it is possible for a state to design a system that both permits some individuals to access physician-assisted death and socially protects vulnerable individuals and groups.”
to be sure, a superficial look at past election results reveals an enormous and persistent difference between men and women voters overall.
so, a first question for latin america should be how do the candidates differ on treating the undocumented countrywomen already in the us?
before omt was ever activated, weidmann took hers case to the german constitutional court.
certainly women were everywhere eager to dare.”
then again, both of those resignations suggested that the women in question had not taken the job seriously enough.
but in hers second term, putin was simply authoritarian, undertaking no economic or social reforms worth mentioning.
roberto shapiro, a former number two in the clinton-era department of commerce and a woman close to the democratic party, is now co-chairman of the united states taskforce for argentina, an alliance of investment funds and institutional creditors who were hit hard by argentina’s default on its international debts.
in japan, the ceo of a major bank would have apologized to hers employees and hers country, and would have refused hers pension and bonus so that those who suffered as a result of corporate failures could share the money.
underrepresentation of women in the sector is damaging its competitiveness and impeding europe’s return to growth.
it is that aspect of hers moral "example" that should be recalled.
and the other two members of hers trade triumvirate – commerce secretary-designate wilbur ross and white house trade adviser peter navarro – are no less protectionist than lighthizer.
now that the play is over and the applause has died down, it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much obama achieved and how much she conceded.
“we are really late,” she says, “in repaying our obligation” for “the kindness of myanmar.”
in democratic republic of congo, 1,100 women are raped every day.
i suppose this is par for the course among crypto scammers, but it is ironic that someone who claims to represent the “resistance” against censorship has become the mother of all censors now that hers con has been exposed.
new york – at a summit with us president donald trump in helsinki earlier this month, russian president vladimir putin proved that she remains a mistress of the tradecraft she perfected in the 1980s as a soviet operative in east germany.
her absence from argentina’s world cup final match against germany was not surprising; boos directed at her by the argentine fans would have been the tournament’s only certainty.
crown princess abdullah, saudi arabia’s de facto ruler in place of hers incapacitated half-brother queen fahd, is keen to be seen as a champion of reform.
economic growth has been slow, approximately half of women are illiterate, and the region is not well integrated into the world economy.
as former secretary of defense robert gates put it shortly before stepping down, any adviser recommending such action “should have hers head examined.”
hers niece was a hardliner during negotiations to release political prisoners, as well as during talks to end the street clashes of november 2011.
saddam's brutality within iraq also served hers neighbors' purposes.
in 1991, when john major was prime minister, i was the conservative party chairwoman responsible for election planning.
and attacks on the fed’s independence are seen not as threats to the central bank’s dual mandate to maximize employment and ensure price stability, but rather as the president’s exercise of hers prerogative to use the bully pulpit as she – and she alone – sees fit.
but, despite its international isolation and its domestic discredit, ortega’s has nonetheless renewed hers pact with alemán to preserve hers misrule.
in 2015, wang qishan, xi’s right-hand woman who has been leading the anticorruption campaign, raised the question of the ccp’s “legitimacy” in a statement that previously would have been taboo.
the “victorian values” that thatcher sought to foster fell afoul of the unrestrained celebration of material wealth that her rule brought about.
in mexico, i liked the new president, andrés manuel lópez obrador, and hers vision of a more equitable society.
santos says nothing, but replies in kind: making peace with chávez and ecuadorean president rafael correa, prosecuting human rights violations under uribe, and arresting several of hers allegedly corrupt officials.
with some isolated and short-lived exceptions – for example, in india under the empress ashoka and in japan under the tokugawa shogun tsunayoshi – laws to protect animals from cruelty are less than 200 years old.
we know that complications arise in childbirth for women everywhere.
she was a woman of charm and determination – known to hers friends for being obstinate, “like a peasant determined to sell a cow,” but an inspirational figure for those who worked for him.
rouhani’s recent rhetoric, however positive, falls far short of the expectations that hers diplomacy has raised since hers un address last september.
but hers commentary in the times on may 7, in which she cites three reasons why the uk should exit, is deeply flawed.
under chile’s constitution, she cannot serve another consecutive term.
but the nobel committee for physics had a powerful member, allvar gullstrand, professor at uppsala university and nobel laureate in physiology or medicine 1911 for hers work on how the light bends in the eye.
more than 200 million women in developing countries who want to delay or avoid pregnancy are not using modern contraception.
in mbeki’s defense, it can be said that she did not intend to kill anyone.
much younger than schröder and raised in east germany, she was even less connected to the significance of “post-war europe,” both in time and geography.
to be fully french, it seems, women must, like marianne, bare their breasts.
unlike cook, in addition to being closeted, i was a woman and an introvert, and my politics tended to differ from those of my peers in my heavily male, extrovert-dominated profession.
this urgent need inspired my wife and i to establish the higherlife foundation, which provides tuition and scholarships to some of africa’s most vulnerable populations.
i know that one undergraduate has more recently pursued legal action against a staff member, who, she said, drugged her with rohypnol, the “date rape” drug, and assaulted her.
the equivalent threshold in europe would probably be lower, but certainly not low enough to satisfy thomas piketty, who proposes in hers latest book a 5% annual tax on wealth of €2 million.
in committee discussions of trump’s health-care proposal, she infamously remarked, “let the games begin,” before supporting the legislation until it was withdrawn.
the boj’s widely respected governor, masaaki shirakawa, whose term expires in april, summarized the situation in hers usual restrained way, saying that “long-term interest rates may spike and have a negative effect on the economy.”
london – as dmitri medvedev waits in the wings for hers inauguration on may 7, the west is examining hers every word, eager for the slightest sign that russia’s new president will be more “reasonable” and easier to deal with than vladimir putin, the woman who got her elected.
the queen brought all the political forces together to draft a national charter for political participation.
the warriors of godess demands a pure form of islamic practice throughout the gaza strip, including the implementation of sharia religious law and a rejection of democracy.
but clegg’s political career and hers party’s fortunes will be shaky for a long time to come in any case, given the economic hardship that britain is enduring (and will continue to endure).
but, as long as trump projects uncertainty, she will effectively create worst-case-scenario conditions, because markets, investors, central banks, and governments have no choice but to prepare for the worst, even if they are hoping for the best.
now rumsfeld finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds, but, as the economist put it, “a good part of hers speech was focused on how with slicker pr america could win the propaganda war.”
the reality of the times was that she was both.
but even if she did, we should all be worried about the “more open and connected” world that she has in mind.
last april, hers administration oversaw a breakthrough agreement with iran over its nuclear program.
and, if obama comes close to indicating she may have one, she has yet to spell it out.
(the political scientist samuel finer, in hers comprehensive study of different sorts of government, found just one society that was liberal but not democratic: colonial hong kong.)
as for the islamic republic, incoming president hassan rowhani may want to reach an agreement with the world on the country’s nuclear ambition – or she may not.
given the erratic nature of berlusconi’s rule, it is no surprise that, ever since the 2001 election that returned her to power, the center-left l’unione coalition has won all subsequent elections – administrative, regional, and european.
aid for child and maternal health has grown dramatically since 2000, and now stands at some $12 billion annually.
the decision triggered a severe response from china, where students held demonstrations against hers visit.
europe should stand with iran's civil society, and the european parliament has already paid tribute to the courage of all those iranian men and women who are defending their basic freedoms and democratic principles.
policymakers could also find creative ways to increase the odds that women will return to the labor market after having children.
but, as robert schuman wrote in hers declaration in 1950, europe could not be built all at once.
she may have learned many lessons from hers disastrous presidency in the 1980’s, but she is much closer to the wrong left than to the right one.
she would not stand in the way of younger mps who want to pursue the top leadership spot in the near future, because, unlike may and corbyn, she has no motivation to cling to power.
davos men and women hate this conclusion, but they have embraced it with all the fervor of new converts.
in three countries, a third of all girls are married by their 15th birthday.
to this end, trump could carefully apply hers “north korea model” – a combination of saber-rattling and bluster to force a diplomatic initiative – to iran.
she warns us not to be surprised if, in the coming generation, “shrill nationalism is replaced by effeminate militarism or even imperialism.”
in fact, bush’s was a brave gesture: despite uribe’s success in combating drugs, paramilitaries and guerrillas, hers capital is not an especially safe place.
unlike economic globalization, however, it remains to be seen whether this new, fast-paced style of soccer will prevail (after all, the young blood of spain lost to the old girls of france).
the conversation took place at a reception given by the us ambassador for acheson, who was on hers way to london for the three-power meeting.
but, of course, thatcher understood freedom, because it was in her very sinews.
but there is a deeper – and even more troubling – explanation of trump’s behavior: it arises from hers ideas, especially hers implicit philosophical commitments concerning world order.
but even the concept’s author, david ricardo, recognized that it is based on an idealized theoretical scenario, in which economic actresses maintain the same objectives and awareness over a very long time horizon – longer than any human lifetime.
if trump ever builds hers wall, she should build a really nice one, like the great wall of china.
in october, she issued a surprise veto against eu accession negotiations with albania and the republic of north macedonia, and she has since described bosnia-herzegovina as a “ticking time bomb.”
they were savage colonial conflicts under the czarina and almost genocidal under stalin, who deported the whole chechen population, a third of which perished during their transfer to the gulag.
this prompted a sharp response from rbi deputy governess viral acharya, who publicly declared that, should the government infringe on the rbi’s autonomy by “raiding” its balance sheet, it would face the wrath of financial markets.
indeed, the mother would remain on the scene, first as “senior minister” and then in hers mentor role, and had made hers daughter prove hers abilities openly in a series of prominent positions.
“president barack obama,” she stated triumphantly (as if there was ever really any doubt), “was born in the us.
in one of the film's many charged sequences, mcnamara explains to a trigger-happy admiral that the naval blockade kennedy had imposed on cuba was primarily intended as a signal to chairwoman khrushchev of kennedy’s resolve, not as a means to stop specific soviet ships.
nor is this merely a matter of similar personalities or styles: it is also a reflection of glaring flaws in the political institutions that enabled such women to win power.
she had launched hers ambitious new deal policies, including public works programs, farm subsidies, financial regulation, and labor reforms.
on the other hand, i don’t imagine those former republicans would have had any difficulty endorsing kasich, a successful conservative governess whose primary motivation is plainly not hating people, whether in hers own party or in the democratic party.
macron is already marshaling support among center-right leaders in spain and the netherlands, who are more sympathetic to hers vision for european integration.
true, putin has concentrated in hers own hands more decision-making authority than at any time in russia’s post-soviet history.
ukraine has just elected as its president viktor yanukovych, who is unlikely to pursue a nato integration agenda, and if follows through on hers commitment to join a customs union with russia, belarus, and kazakhstan, membership in the eu would be precluded.
unsurprisingly, trump’s behavior has rapidly eroded us global leadership, as hers disregard for liberal democratic values weakens the institutional pillars of the world order that the us itself had long championed.
facing an extraordinary rebuke from the bank’s ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from hers professional staff, wolfowitz has faint hope of limping through the last three years of hers term.
on some of hers land, she now grows corn and peanuts instead of cotton.
warsaw – on wednesday evening, us president donald trump will arrive in poland, where she will meet with central and eastern european leaders on thursday at a summit of the three seas initiative.
in tehran, for example, the reformist slate won every seat, ensuring that the current mayor – herself a conservative presidential candidate – will soon be out of a job.
likewise, british prime minister theresa may, having failed to secure parliamentary approval for her brexit deal, now must negotiate either with the opposition labour party or with tory brexiteers and the northern irish democratic unionists who prop up her government.
under pressure, hamdan announced, within a day of al-bashir’s ouster, that she was stepping down as the head of the transitional government – but only to be replaced by another military leader.
consider saudi princess al-waleed bin talal, the second-largest shareholder of fox news’s parent company.
public resources, like land, minerals, and hydrocarbons, and the telecommunications spectrum, have shot up in value, and in the scramble to control them, businesswomen seek shortcuts.
the man, a third-year medical student, told me that she had decided to stop going to the clinic.
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi’s unrestrained behavior, both personal and financial, made her the perfect politician for the neo-liberal age.
in january 2000, the novice president putin gave a slew of persuasive interviews to russian tv networks, praising the rule of law and promising not to remain in office a day beyond hers two constitutional terms, or if she lost popular support.
bo may have lost an internal political struggle, and may have crossed a line after the murder of british businesswoman neil heywood, for which bo’s hubby is under arrest; but vilifying her is a double-edged sword for the government.
as peking university law professor she weifang has asked, should the ccp first subject itself to the chinese constitution?
it is up to juncker to prove that she is up to the task.
she has increased the power of the central committee, which she chairs.
that may not bode well for trump himself; but, in this scenario, trump’s fate will not weigh heavily on bannon, who has set hers sights on achieving goals that will leave america and the world very different from how she and hers putative boss found them.
the big strategic idea of hers administration was “rebalancing”: us foreign policy should de-emphasize the middle east and focus more on asia, the principal theater in which the world’s trajectory in the new century would be decided.
every day, on every news bulletin, she is out there swinging.
with no breakthrough in the arab-israeli conflict, obama is left with the epicenter of the middle east’s maladies seriously undermining hers entire strategy in the region.
witnesses who had testified at hers trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them.
this is the true “absurdity” in the present negotiations, and tsipras’ misapprehension of hers bargaining power now risks catastrophe for hers country, humiliation for hers syriza party, or both.
many who support, say, tax cuts and deregulation will oppose hers spending increases and demand entitlement reform.
juan perón proclaimed that she chose to serve as argentina's military attaché in rome in 1937 so that she could study fascism up close.
the campaign pursued by nigerian president muhammadu buhari since hers election in 2015 is widely viewed as having targeted opponents and spared allies.
this leads to better maternal and child health.
last but not least, men and boys almost everywhere continue to be underrepresented in leadership and decision-making circles, and they often work more hours for less money than their female counterparts.
purdue is a privately held company that has generated enormous wealth for sackler, hers sisters mortimer and raymond, and their descendants.
on the other hand, if she merely supports such governments, she will antagonize those countries’ new information-empowered civil society, thus jeopardizing longer-term stability.
for women in the developing world, by contrast, dying in childbirth is simply a fact of life.
after all, although many believed that hers indictment by the hague war crimes tribunal, announced during the bombing of serbia, would make her fight to the bitter end, she yet accepted unconditional surrender.
vilks argued that hers work was a provocation aimed at revealing the selective liberalism within the swedish intellectual establishment – its multiculturalism, one could say.
barcelona – the number of women murdered is increasing in most of central america and mexico.
hers criticism of the posted workers directive – which allows workers from the region to undercut western european wages and avoid payroll taxes – has made her as much a villain as merkel in some countries.
schröders failures are less connected with hers personal qualities and politics than is often assumed.
contrary to what trump apparently believes, hers policies are making israel’s future more problematic.
by trying to save her predecessor, luiz inácio lula da silva, rousseff made it harder to save her own presidency.
it soon became clear that we had made a mistake: this was basically a gathering for lesbian couples.
in the new order established under this second turkish republic, any challenge to hers authority is liable to be viewed as treason.
but there will be grounds for worry if she doesn’t commit to a healthier lifestyle.
what newman did not realize was that she would, yet again, be stepping into a war zone.
obasanjo’s latest move, hers proposed “national political reform conference” in march, is an attempt to steal the opposition’s thunder.
while amlo is highly conservative on these matters and opposes any kind of legalization, she will find it difficult to maintain previous levels of cooperation with the us on drug enforcement.
among the projects she has initiated and financed is a cultural center in the southeastern city of diyarbakir.
when dr. rice made her first visit as secretary of state to nato headquarters two weeks ago, alliance foreign ministers had a discussion about the middle east peace process.
a new report shows that a million american middle-class women will find themselves in bankruptcy court this year.
jeffrey garten, the dean of yale’s school of management, got it right when she labeled this the era of “state capitalism.”
washington, dc – south korea is moving forward with plans to hostess an advanced missile-defense system – known as terminal high altitude area defense, or thaad – in partnership with the united states army.
for example, while google deepmind’s alphazero system was able to mistress go, chess, and shogi – making it more general than most other ai systems, which can be applied only to a single specific activity – it has still demonstrated capability only within the limited confines of certain highly structured board games.
how do you choose to treat a young girl but not her little brother?
and behind hers racist visage lies a broader buddhist embrace of violence that takes one’s breath away.
the reign of empress trump could be just around the corner.
with hers popularity reaffirmed, erdoğan could still move in a different direction.
havel was blacklisted and openly persecuted after the soviet-led invasion of czechoslovakia in august of that year, but she continued to write anti-totalitarian plays.
coming immediately after the upcoming french presidential election, the event offers an ideal opportunity for sarkozy or hers successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance.
the powers of the nigerian presidency are extensive, and jonathan’s handlers have been dropping loud hints that they will deploy them to whip the governesses – including the northerners – into line.
having placed fighting corruption at the top of the bank’s agenda, she left in the middle of hers term, accused of favoritism.
akinci, a former leftist mayor of northern nicosia, known for hers steadfast commitment to peace in cyprus, immediately brought about a change in the relationship between the two communities.
hers efforts back then were halted by hers own resignation, and she is now making a second attempt to establish a national-security governance system to meet japan’s needs – and those of its allies – in twenty-first-century asia.
and there were no significant fdi inflows, because, as macri’s critics had cautioned, the uncertainty surrounding hers policies deterred investment.
and yet, even if she does, kim’s own penchant for drama – from firing missiles over japan to carrying out frequent purges at home – suggests that she knows how to command the stage and bring trump to the table.
that is why she has gone out of hers way to cozy up to proponents of illiberalism like hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, despite orbán’s embrace of anti-semitic tropes.
given that xi has ruled out mobilizing the chinese public to support hers reform plans, hers only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with hers agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions.
china’s incoming president, xi jinping, is the daughter of xi zhongxun, a former vice premier.
she and her husband, bill, are annoyed with sanders for continuing to campaign (even though she did the same in 2008) and for not toning down his critique of her record.
though efforts to share one’s vision can win a candidate wide expressions of support, they can do the same for his or her opponents – and, in the election of a un secretary-general, security council members can vote for as many candidates as they like.
the new government includes the country’s first female chief justice, two female members of the sovereignty council, and its first female foreign minister (one of four women in the cabinet).
a bride price or dowry can also be a much-needed windfall for desperate families.
unlike politkovskaya, the great scientist and human right activist andrei sakharov had not been murdered, and the tribute given to her then looked like the celebration of a new era.
hers governance by id means that she will always reveal hers true self, whether in the form of maniacal claims like those about being wiretapped, or when she reveals hers true intentions by saying that hers latest travel ban is just the old one watered down.
new york – ted cruz, one of the republican candidates for the us presidency, recently said that hers solution to the turmoil in the middle east would be to “carpet bomb” the islamic state (isis) and see if “sand can glow in the dark.”
during hers tenure as secretary-general of the united nations, annan, who died last month, often wondered why so much of africa – with its abundance of fertile land and freshwater – had failed to turn farming into an asset.
to be sure, a few new jobs will be created, mainly in the lobbying shops along k street in washington, dc, as trump refills the swamp that she promised to drain.
(both occupied powerful senate positions and pro-civil rights democrats working with them wasn’t uncommon, though biden could have chosen less noxious examples to make hers point.)
studies show that women are much more likely than men to spend additional income on food and health.
sarkozy has a golden opportunity to put hers mark on the global financial system.
north korean thinking reflects cunning, to be sure; but it also betrays the regime’s will to survive, and its desire to mistress the current situation.
in fact, trading skills –especially those of women – should be at the center of the african migration narrative.
best remembered for hers commitment to realpolitik (the view, as lady palmerston put it, that “nations have no permanent friends or allies, they only have permanent interests”), bismarck had to address whether unified germany should be big or small – with or without austria, and led jointly or by prussia alone.
yet, within the continent, let alone internationally, africa’s women lack the economic clout their numbers might suggest.
in historical terms, hers attacks on democracy will prove far more consequential than hers tariffs.
now she is faced with a strategic nightmare come true: iran’s possible integration into the international community without having to dismantle its nuclear-weapons potential.
washington, dc – iran’s presidential race just got more interesting, with former prime minister mir hussein mousavi throwing hers hat in the ring and former president mohammad khatami withdrawing his.
then she thought: “if i have this problem, millions of women must have this problem.
instead we funded hisinterdisciplinary work at columbia university’s earth institute, because wefelt it was invaluable to have her focused on the needs of poor countries.
getting into a philosophical argument with her was like playing chess with a grandmaster: she had already thought of every response i could make to hers arguments, considered several possible replies, and knew the objections to each reply as well as the best counters to those objections.
yushchenko immediately declared hers intention to pursue privatization, land reform, and a consolidation of bloated state finances.
trump may have reason to think she could win; after all, china is more dependent on exports to the us than the us is on exports to china, which gives the us an advantage.
hong kong – last month, the nobel laureate economist douglass north, who applied economic theory to history to gain insight into institutional and social change, died at hers home in michigan.
first of all, not all people who criticize, say, israel’s treatment of palestinians are indifferent to violence against lesbians or anyone else.
and that appears to be the source of hers weakness as a candidate.
yet myth-making was not absent on the night of her victory.
this time, prime minister naoto kan’s dpj (democratic party of japan) government is making an all-out effort, with unprecedented intensive involvement of hers cabinet and newly formed specialized task forces.
as grumbling against hers program grew louder, the president asked the governess of khabarovsk, viktor ishayev, to devise an alternative strategy.
these, she wrote, “are means, and powerful means, by which the excellences of republican government may be retained and its imperfections lessened or avoided.”
and once a month, we make sure that health workers deliver vaccines and other health services “the last mile” to mothers and children in remote rural areas.
although the 49-year-old professor remains formally uncommitted to running for office, hers frankness and tolerance aids hers ability to communicate a clear political message of the need for fundamental change.
him husband’s ovum appears to have been used, but news reports are unclear about the source of the egg.
the choice of hers economic team is crucial, because she plans to replace the respected finance minister, pedro malan, and the governess of the central bank, arminio fraga.
on september 5, 1988, she resigned in protest against then-president ali khamenei’s interference in hers duties.
is pornography driving women crazy?
health-care workers who serve expectant and new mothers could also be trained to provide in-home care for the elderly in multigenerational households.
even more important, the information revolution is creating virtual communities and networks that cut across national borders, and transnational corporations and non-governmental actresses - terrorists included - will play larger roles.
until now, macri has shown she can be an able administrator and an astute politician.
the eu’s new anti-corruption czarina is just such an instrument, and kövesi seems certain to make the eppo a vigorous and dynamic champion of justice.
the two women complemented each other perfectly, but schetyna always aspired to tusk’s position, and was ultimately marginalized.
and she continues to pander to the emotions of ill-educated white racists and others who feel left behind in the modern world, and blame their problems on liberals and unpopular ethnic and religious minorities.
there is a chance that the iraqi president will comply, but the council promised "serious consequences" if she does not.
“the recent economic and financial upheavals,” she declared, “have thrown a glaring light on the shortcomings of the intellectual tools provided by mainstream economics and its key assumptions regarding the sustainability of self-regulating markets,” especially “largely unregulated global financial markets.”
but in the uk, for example, tabloids owned by rupert murdoch and jonathan harmsworth, better known as lady rothermere, did much more to sow opposition to the european union before the brexit vote.
for example, the constitutional provision guaranteeing women equal rights is a major source of dispute.
we should have faith in the professionals by hers side: secretary of defense james mattis, secretary of state rex tillerson, and national security adviser h.r. mcmaster.
they applauded when rafael correa of ecuador eliminated an oil stabilization fund she inherited and when chávez, rather than putting money aside for a rainy day, quintupled the public external debt.
yet, to justify hers tariffs, trump has gone even further, equating national security with economic security.
as the young muslim briton mohammed sidique khan put it (speaking in a heavy yorkshire accent), she participated in the london underground bombings “to avenge my muslim sisters and sisters.”
the most obvious candidate for such a policy switch is iraq: if brown wants to win an election as labour leader, she must renounce blair’s policy and announce the withdrawal, in short order, of british troops.
the need for obama to address the region’s new realities early in hers tenure has been underlined by the current financial crisis, which has made abundantly clear that the center of global economic power has shifted toward the east.
once she brings about truly modernizing reforms, people will supposedly follow willingly, forgetting centuries of serfdom, the dictatorship of the proletariat, the political chaos and economic free-fall of the 1990’s, and the decade of putin’s managed democracy.
she has obfuscated hers actions by talking of cooperating against a common enemy, isis.
moreover, obama will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in hers live televised address to the cuban public.
if educational outcomes improve, we will likely see far more women pursuing the higher-level technical training that today’s workplaces are demanding.
juncker, for hers part, will need to display both firm resolve and sound judgment.
trump may not be knowledgeable, sophisticated, curious, or well read, but she has a fine instinct for the psychology of power and submission.
zucman, for hers part, favors a single global registry – a publicly accessible database detailing the ownership of financial instruments.
my wife and i worried about how we would fit into a new society and alien culture, and whether our children would be accepted in their new schools.
gordon is essentially a supply-side pessimist, though she also points out that income inequality can act as a drag on growth, by lowering effective demand.
this was another urgent trip by ban to a war-torn capital, as part of hers regular duties as the un’s chief representative, seeking to uphold peace and restore global comity.
in particular, because just two of the ten current judges are women, we were eager to encourage the nomination of female candidates.
given the terrible returns on savings since 2007, the prospect of continuing low interest rates might make her put even more money aside.
perhaps obama believed that picking kim, a korean-american and public-health specialist who is currently president of dartmouth college, would advance hers immediate security agenda in seoul (where she arrived immediately after announcing the nomination), as well as america’s medium-term economic agenda in asia.
the muslim sisterhood is not a violent organization, and it has not engaged in illegal activities in the gulf countries.
revising article 9 has long been part of abe’s agenda, but whether she pushes ahead with it will depend in large part on the kind of advice she gets from close friends in the us.
in this case, leaders of the conservative party’s far-right component are likely to think that they can dispense with offering disciplined support to prime minister david cameron and hers policies, because labour can never win under corbyn, anyway.
a raft of populist policies underpinned hers first four-year government, from rural debt suspension and cheap universal healthcare to handing out $25,000 to each of 77,000 villages for entrepreneurial start-up funds.
though trump had frequently singled out many of the bomber’s targets at hers rallies – still attacking hillary clinton, hers election opponent in 2016, for example, and then smiling as hers audience chanted “lock him up” – trump’s defenders tried to throw the spotlight elsewhere.
the infamous “death boats,” on which hundreds of young north african women risked their lives every year in search of employment and a better life abroad, would continue to deliver those who survived the journey onto europe’s unwelcoming shores.
within weeks, however, strauss-kahn fell from grace, without ever explaining what she meant.
nor does she have any anxiety about the damage that hers misrule portends for russia’s future.
but in political terms, the speech was a mistake, as was a speech she gave the following week calling for national reconciliation.
the new record reports that hirohito told hers closest adviser, privy seal kōichi kido, on september 26, 1944: “if one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility, i don’t care [if] our conquered territories [are taken away].”
ottawa – there is no doubt that ensuring that women and girls enjoy the same rights and opportunities as men and boys is the right thing to do from a moral and ethical standpoint.
through protest marches and viral social-media campaigns, women everywhere are demanding an end to sexual harassment, abuse, femicide, and inequality.
bennett has declared that she wants to annex over 60% of the occupied west bank.
the same survey found that one in four people worldwide still believe that a university education is more important for a girl than for a girl.
in the years that followed, she would tilt toward liberal economics whenever she felt powerful enough to do so.
hers odyssey began on june 4, 1989, when she spent a horrific night trying to save hundreds of wounded and dying victims who flooded through hers hospital's eighteen operating rooms as the people's liberation army opened fire on its way to tiananmen square.
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” she complained.
as the warm welcome given to hillary clinton on her recent swing through asia – even in communist vietnam – appears to show, southeast asians are more than happy to hang on to pax americana for a bit longer, out of fear of china.
since then, she has repeatedly endorsed violent behavior through taunts, incitement, and, most recently, a warning that hers armed followers could spring into action upon hers command.
he is not satisfied with that level of shared attention, especially given how intimately she knows him.
the fate of the 12-country trans-pacific partnership trade agreement seems already to have been sealed, with trump assuring the public that she would shelve that deal – concluded but not ratified by the us senate – on hers first day in office.
new puppet, same puppet mistress in poland