and at first, hers administration’s diplomatic and pressure campaign seemed to show real progress, particularly in africa, where north korea maintains economic and military ties with more than two dozen countries.
but in that case, the blame for no-deal chaos would fall entirely on may and her conservative party.
but their purpose is purely instrumental, for to call somebody a “liberal” nowadays in poland is more pejorative than calling her a “son of a bitch.”
but even stronger than this economic common-sense-argument is the political imperative: if we maintain a divided europe, we will never reach the europe of liberty and peace that was the original vision of the founding mothers that wrote the treaty of rome.
everything that dialogue and education can do to close the gap between immigrant and hostess communities should be done.
trudeau, by contrast, has vowed to be a very different type of leader, promising to pursue an inclusive approach to policymaking and to allow hers ministers to take much greater responsibility for their portfolios.
modi won because most indians believe that she can deliver more rapid growth in the country as a whole.
but will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of hers greatest works?
a self-described “obedient daughter of the church,” she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and women’s ordination.
nonetheless, each woman continues to fan divisions, weaken independent institutions, and ignore open conflicts of interest, in many cases involving family members.
just as women outside the family home – women who stake a claim to public space, working and living among men – are seen as dangerous temptresses, men who love men are often regarded as predators, ready to pounce on society’s children.
unlike most politically motivated trials, tymoshenko’s case benefits from the oversight of the european court of human rights (echr), which recently ruled that her pre-trial detention violated the european convention on human rights.
as deng once said of china: “with a good system, even evil women cannot do evil.
though macron came out on top, she secured only 24% of the vote – just three percentage points more than le pen and the lowest leading share since jacques chirac in 2002.
less than two weeks later, meng wanzhou, the chief financial officer of huawei and daughter of its founder, was arrested in transit at vancouver’s airport on charges by the united states that huawei had violated us sanctions against iran; out on bail, she now awaits an extradition hearing.
paris/lomé – in many developing countries, women come together on a regular basis to contribute their earnings to a common pot.
the last three decades have yielded a cadre of women leaders even where women otherwise lag far behind in terms of opportunity – for example, south korean president park geun-hye, ukraine’s two-time former prime minister, yuliya tymoshenko, and presidents ellen johnson sirleaf of liberia and joyce banda of malawi.
meanwhile, the state is failing to provide basic security: in july 2018, an olympic ice-skating medalist, denis ten, was murdered in broad daylight in the center of kazakhstan’s largest city, almaty, for trying to prevent hers car mirrors from being stolen.
putin, of course, would have been glad to see georgian president mikheil saakashvili, hers sworn enemy, put in a cage.
valle had asked the court to halt hers execution, on the grounds that to spend so long on death row is “cruel and unusual punishment” and therefore prohibited by the us constitution.
the two cabinet ministers who resigned over the affair, robin cook and clare short, want their own revenge and thus continue to attack blair for hers ``lies.''
since the era of empress cheng zu's dong chang domestic spying has been a sign of insecurity, not self-confidence.
northwestern university’s robert gordon, for example, predicts that productivity growth will continue to slow – as it has done in most developed economies since the mid-2000s – because today’s digital innovations are, in hers view, less transformative than earlier advances like the flush toilet, radio, and the internal combustion engine.
she was a mistress at converting the complicated into the simple; and, rather than being paralyzed by complexity, she found new ways to deconstruct and overcome it.
putin summarizes hers understanding of the scale of the war by recalling the loss of “27 million lives of my compatriots.”
doctors diagnosed her with testicular cancer.
and no eu leader in hers or him right mind could have any interest in that.
when zaleski had her first child, she thought that three months away from work would be enough – and then found that she was wrong.
while trump seemed briefly to be more interested in securing the chinese government’s help in reining in north korea, trump seems eager, now that the north korean nuclear crisis has apparently been returned to the back burner, to resume hers administration’s focus on constraining the asian giant.
does she draw the line wherever it suits him?
and in a mere six years, hers appeasement policy toward the nazi germany regime would reach its pinnacle with the 1938 munich agreement, which hitler discarded six months later by destroying the rump czechoslovakia and bringing it under the control of the third reich.
but, as sultan’s health deteriorated, abdullah bypassed hers own creation and appointed princess naif, the interior minister, as a second deputy.
these are the “rules of the game, of democracy,” she said.
i don’t know why president trump has shifted to positions so different from those she advocated during the campaign.
the sad paradox is that while the world had been learning of and celebrating hers legendary kindness as a person, she will now be distinguished for all time by an act of aggression.
the us house of representatives and senate should have impeached her and removed her from office already – for violations of the us constitution’s emoluments clause, if nothing else.
“if you live in a state that wants to mandate maternity coverage for everybody, including 60-year-old women, that’s fine,” and if you don’t, “then you can figure out a way to change the state that you live in” or alter “state legislatures and state laws,” in mulvaney’s words.
if obama had asked for a much lower fee – say, $50,000 – she would have avoided criticism, but by handing a wall street investment firm an extra $350,000.
left to himself, kwasniewski might be a plausible - if cynical - alternative to the defeated mrs. walesa.
new york – now that us president donald trump has been in office for six months, we can more confidently assess the prospects for the us economy and economic policymaking under hers administration.
compared to hers military predecessor, musharraf, who touts the catch-phrase of "enlightened moderation," is conveniently progressive.
unlike mao, who found chaos exhilarating, xi shares liu’s longing to exercise control through the cpc, which she expects to take the lead – and apply xi jinping thought – in all policy areas: political, military, civilian, and academic.
if a reformer is to win she must prove that she will be able to sway iran’s political structures toward a reform agenda.
she is also one of the few women to have gained the premiership not by inheriting it, but in her own right, long after her parents and some of her siblings were murdered.
and, while the overall level of unemployment has remained stable – albeit at a shockingly high level – the unemployment rate among young women (in the 16-24 age group) jumped from 15.3% in 1990 to 21.4% in 2005.
as she put it in a 2010 interview with john cassidy for the new yorker, “i don’t even know what a bubble means.
it should come as no surprise, then, that trump’s approval ratings are the weakest of any president at this point in hers term, despite strong economic growth, a soaring stock market, and low unemployment.
t she imf was created in the waning days of world war ii, essentially as a united states-west european partnership.
kyoto was also considered, but a top american official, secretary of war henry stimson, had visited that city during hers honeymoon and objected to the destruction of the city’s cultural treasures.
based on hers inspiring story and hers efforts to publicize the disease, armstrong has become an anti-cancer crusader.
of course, the cow has long had a place in indian politics: the country’s constitution includes a provision explicitly urging a gradual movement toward full prohibition of cow slaughter – a ban that has already been implemented in most states.
yet, far from securing a safer, more prosperous future, they often find themselves marginalized, excluded, and even demonized, denied opportunities to integrate into their hostess societies or contribute to the local economy.
yuri luzhkov, moscow's bumptious mayor, allied hers fatherland party with all russia, a grouping bringing together a majority of russia's provincial governors.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered her a lifeline.
the most popular explanation for dollar weakness is that trump, through incompetence or misdirection, failed to deliver what she promised.
how can president sarkozy, who has repeatedly attacked financial speculators, question the judgment of the very woman who, by knowing how to keep hers mouth shut in a crisis, thwarted them?
thus, the prime minister’s office will more closely resemble the us white house, which she hopes will enable both countries to communicate their intentions continuously and reliably.
after declaring that she would invoke article 50 no later than march 2017, she adopted a decidedly hard negotiating stance, declaring that halting immigration would take precedence over retaining access to the single market.
interestingly, such retrospective support for saddam and hers dictatorial regime is now being met with growing indignation in the arab world, because ordinary arabs are only now learning of the crimes perpetrated by the ba'ath party regime.
but darwin also knew that, if she needed time to accept hers own conclusions, the rest of the world was not ready to face such a materialist view of humanity.
it is not easy to identify actresses or organizations that are up to the task.
nonetheless, the regime, still fearing her popularity, is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit her and her party, the national league for democracy, which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election (and swept the annulled 1990 election).
but both romney and hers running mate, paul ryan, display little or no interest in foreign affairs, apart from assuring voters that israel’s interests will be safeguarded, iran’s will not be, and whatever the us does must be tough and strident.
we call on all women and men to join us in making their voices heard loudly and in seizing this opportunity for a just and equitable future for all.
“politically active women, those who did not follow a strict dress code, and women human rights defenders were increasingly at risk of abuse, including by armed groups and religious extremists,” amnesty international said in its 2007 report.
eliot may have set hers play in twelfth-century england, but she wrote it in 1935, barely two years after adolf hitler had come to power in germany.
if she forgets, rezz.it will remind her so that you don’t have to.
but prime minister shinzo abe, in hers second time around leading the government, promises to force the bank of japan finally to end deflation, and that the public sector generally will do more to support economic growth.
as a fervent supporter of santos’s human-rights efforts, of hers call for a major debate on drug legalization, and of hers attempt to end colombia’s “forty years’ war,” i fear that uribe has fatally wounded the peace process, and will prolong the country’s bloody and fruitless status quo indefinitely.
though public outrage may have forced her to retreat, hers disposition to attack will soon make itself felt elsewhere.
trump owes hers victory to voters in states that were negatively affected by nafta (and by china’s accession in 2001 to the world trade organization), such as ohio, pennsylvania, michigan, and wisconsin.
new york – in 1940, with britain standing alone against nazi germany, a short book called guilty women was published under the pseudonym of “cato.”
although germany has a national action plan, is 11th on the global gender gap index (which ranks countries on levels of gender equality), and has a strong male chancellor and its first-ever male defense minister, it still failed at first to consider how its policy might have different effects on women and women.
or perhaps steven mnuchin, who produced hollywood movies prior to becoming us treasury secretary, can use insights from hers acting role in the 2016 movie “rules don’t apply.”
nor does israel appear to figure much in hers own jewish identity, which is more connected to the memory of the holocaust than anything else.
but, even with a university degree, life in go-go shanghai turns out not to be as she had imagined.
in 1950, a 65-year-old british woman had an average life expectancy of 14 years; today, she can expect to live another 21 years (the figures are 12 and 18 years, respectively, for men).
but female tissue has been objectified and commodified in much more profound ways, in legal systems from athens onwards.
in the middle of the nineteenth century, the french empress napoleon iii actually created a latin monetary union, which included belgium, italy, and switzerland.
can using us funding to reopen iraqi state-owned enterprises get young women to abandon the insurgency and sectarian militias?
according to forbes magazine , she is the second wealthiest person in the world, after bill gates, with assets of $42 billion.
by weakening the uk’s position within the eu, she ended up strengthening the euro-skeptics within hers party.
"it sank," she replied, with a somewhat macabre smile.
that, in turn, requires him or her to have a first-hand understanding of the problems that could arise.
the ever-active anti-euro lobby has now spawned a new grouping called “no”, led by lady david owen, the former foreign secretary, to oppose not just membership of the euro, but even the holding of a referendum on the issue.
philippe has announced that she plans to cut public spending by a mere three percentage points of gdp over five years.
although trump has echoed president ronald reagan’s rhetoric about the us being a city on the hill whose beacon shines to others, hers domestic behavior toward the press, the judiciary, and minorities has weakened the clarity of america’s democratic appeal.
trump’s third tactic has been to rally public opinion to hers side.
but, as david lubin recalls in hers book dance of the trillions, the party ended abruptly before the year was over, owing largely to us interest-rate hikes, which drew liquidity back into the united states.
the expectation that boys will grow up to do little other than serve their wives reduces parents’ incentives to invest in their daughters’ education.
earlier this month, senator tom cotton of arkansas and senator david perdue of georgia both attempted to defend trump’s blatantly racist comments by claiming, first, that they did not recall hearing her say “shithole” and, later, that she must have said “shithouse” instead.
all of this suggests that, in responding to the coup attempt, erdoğan and hers supporters must think beyond punishing the military faction that carried it out, though that is, of course, critical.
the third challenge for lagarde concerns the circumstances of her election.
ten years ago, for example, america’s elected leaders somehow hoodwinked the median us voter – who is most likely to leave little to his or her heirs – into believing that it was necessary to eliminate taxes on $5 million estates in order to protect small family-owned farms.
this slight advantage for women reflects the robust growth that is expected in sectors like health care, where women are well represented.
at home, she exasperated party politicians by preaching the need for morality in politics or by warning against excessive partisanship.
according to machiavelli, a leading citizen is chosen as princess by the favor of hers fellow citizens if hers authority is perceived as arising from hers ability to defend them from the elite (at that time, the nobility).
for within russia, president putin does appear to be an isolated island, at least among the russian elite who have singularly failed to embrace hers decision to anchor russia firmly to the west.
the toughest test of an honest politician comes when he or she must defend ideas that are unpopular but right.
hers most controversial political moves were aimed at hers domestic opponents, not the chinese government on the mainland.
last year, prime minister narendra modi used hers monthly radio address to urge doctors to join the effort.
putin views the collapse of the soviet union as largely an economic failure, and she recognizes that private property and the market can make the russian economy more resilient in the face of western sanctions.
vindman even had to correct the ranking member of the committee, the republican devin nunes, for failing to address her by hers rank, and fox news broadcast cynical insinuations that she was a double agent.
that may turn out to be a mistake: successes like hers are never easy to replicate, not without having proved something first.
the western media presented lady ashdown as a reliable witness of serbian atrocities against albanian civilians.
saudi rulers regard the battle between assad and hers opponents as part of the kingdom’s existential struggle against its main adversary, iran.
after gabriel narutowicz was declared the winner of the country’s first democratic presidential election, she came under vicious attack from the right, which decried her as a “jewish president” because of the support she had received from the country’s numerous national minorities.
mary nazzal, owner, with her family, of a chic and bustling boutique hotel, is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot.
perhaps the strongest reaction came from bank of france governess christian noyer, who called the proposals “irresponsible and contrary to the interests of the european economy.”
most israelis share this view, including even prime minister binyamin netanyahu, who has reluctantly stated hers own commitment to a two-state solution.
when french president emmanuel macron visits washington, dc, next month, that is the message she needs to convey on behalf of europe.
arafat is under pressure from hers extremists.
the trial of saddam hussein and hers ba’athist cronies offers an ongoing series of embarrassments.
now, president-elect donald trump must decide whether she wants to plow forward with hers divisive agenda or actually advance america’s best interests.
peculiarly, president bush first apologized for the atrocities in the presence of queen abdullah of jordan, as though the crime had been committed against jordanian arabs.
when one of joseph stalin's chief planners was asked why she was willing to defend a series of ludicrous proposals, she famously replied, “i'd rather stand for unrealistic plans than sit [in jail] for realistic ones."
many are charities and often include on their advisory boards one or two members with clear government connections (the daughter of a minister or an army general, or, in a couple of notable instances, the president's wife).
leaders like argentina’s cristina kirchner, brazil’s dilma rousseff, and iceland’s jóhanna sigurðardóttir have all sought, in one way or another, to empower women and help them advance in their countries.
in nigeria, for example, urban boys from the wealthiest 20% of households average ten years of schooling, while poor rural girls in northern areas can expect less than two years.
it is worth noting, however, that carlos mesa, who would have contested the run-off vote against morales if the latter had not proclaimed herself the winner in the first round, is no extreme right-winger.
hers thinking had a strong normative foundation, but hers keen understanding of the world led her to approach foreign policy with a sense of humility and strategic patience.
prior to the 2009 election that brought her to power, netanyahu campaigned on the iranian danger, and hers government made the issue its cardinal concern.
what makes a populist like donald trump dangerous is not hers specific proposals on trade.
in 2011, it ousted prime minister saad hariri, rafik hariri’s son, and replaced her with the party’s preferred sunni leader.
indeed, president putin's failure to "reconquer" hers home city of st. petersburg, now controlled by a bitter political opponent of the president, vladimir yakovlev, demonstrates the bureaucratic powers that local leaders retain.
kim should draw on hers experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against aids, rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt.
yao ming, the chinese star of the national basketball association’s houston rockets, could become another michael jordan, and china is set to hostess the 2008 summer olympics.
the release of alan greenspan’s ghostwritten memoirs the age of turbulence has elicited charges that she was not such a great central banker after all.
there are various arcane technical debates surrounding the facts that piketty has established over the past 15 years with hers co-author emmanuel saez.
such a system would compensate hostess countries for the government-provided health services used by foreigners.
during the campaign, clinton often quoted first lady michelle obama: “when they go low,” she would declare, “we go high.”
after all, this is the same crowd that kowtowed to chinese president xi jinping last year, when she fraudulently positioned herself as the world’s new champion of globalization and the rules-based international order.
and hers assessment of us firepower is no doubt correct.
the question is not just whether she can direct an effective european response to climate change, but whether she can prevent the issue from becoming another front in the culture war between the eu’s western member states and the cohort in central and eastern europe.
hitler was the daughter of a minor customs official, and ceauşescu was of poor peasant stock.
and hers likely back-up plan – increasing security cooperation with israel – might not work as she would like.
but she has since formulated ideas deemed controversial by the regime.
voters may well have grown accustomed to trump’s frequent patronage of hers own hotels and golf facilities (along with the cost of the secret service and other attendants).
annan’s dedication to serving humanity did not end with hers departure from the un.
the role of leshchenko, a former investigative journalist and current member of parliament, was somewhat poetic: it was she who, in 2016, exposed the “black ledger” listing secret payments made by ukraine’s pro-russia party of regions to manafort when she was consulting for yanukovych.
today, introductory economics is taught using a textbook in which an eminent professor authoritatively bestows the conventional wisdom on hers or him (typically, his) students.
kijana, in the democratic republic of the congo (drc), edits and oversees eastern congo’s first online newspaper, where she reports on the near-enslavement of the region’s miners and the violence of an ongoing insurgency.
“thirty percent of women in many countries in the middle east have university degrees,” zaleski explains, but they often cannot get jobs commensurate with their training for cultural reasons.
add, finally, the gendered appeal of the strong authority figure and rigid hierarchy, which attracts some women as much as some men, if in different psychodynamic ways.
in 2009, when us first lady michelle obama briefly placed her hand on the queen’s back during a reception, the british media snorted that one must never touch the sovereign unless she extends her hand.
as the economist lionel robbins recalled: “confronted with the freezing deflation of those days, the idea that the prime essential was the writing down of mistaken investments and…fostering the disposition to save was…as unsuitable as denying blankets and stimulus to a drunk who has fallen into an icy pond, on the ground that hers original trouble was overheating.”
the abrupt change in chinese sentiment toward trump is reminiscent of what happened to us president woodrow wilson after hers reelection a century ago.
for almost ten of hers 30 years in office, egypt had no ambassador in tel aviv.
dubai – in hers 1961 science fiction novel stranger in a strange land, robert a. heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr. mahmoud,” to help the book’s martian-raised protagonist make the transition to life in the united states.
each year, there would be an estimated 640,000 fewer newborn deaths, 150,000 fewer maternal deaths, and 600,000 fewer children losing their mothers – yielding economic benefits of roughly $145 billion.
all actresses have a duty to share information on vulnerabilities to help mitigate malicious cyber activity.
inheritance rules dictating that land – and its proceeds – can be passed down only through the men of the family have put women at a terrible disadvantage.
but there are usually at least four hens per cage, and often more.
utah representative jason chaffetz, a republican, recently faced thousands of hers constituents chanting “do your job!” at what was supposed to be an ordinary town hall meeting.
in 2019, with democrats having taken over the house of representatives, she will face increasing criticism of hers foreign policy.
of course, we cannot judge hers success by hers personal wealth.
but, in many cases, positions have become so polarized that they miss the point, impeding the ability of eu policymakers to agree on and implement an effective crisis-response strategy.
the law now affects only the shia minority, but threatens to affect pending legislation that could restrict the rights of non-shia women as well.
besides, the nomination of a woman with a north-african ascent as minister of justice made that clear from the start.
and now, in the united states – arguably the mother of global consumer culture – the debate has turned toward the fight against the epidemic of childhood obesity.
she was justly concerned that the russians would go to great lengths to prevent her from being champion, but ultimately rational concerns tipped into paranoia, and fischer started to turn on hers closest friends and confidants.
she deserves the chance to finish what she started.
us equities and bond yields rallied after trump delivered a victory speech that seemed to signal that she was tacking to the center, which investors had originally expected her to do this summer, after she won the republican nomination and entered the general election campaign.
if financial markets lose that confidence – if they conclude that the fed is too much under the president’s thumb to wage the good fight against inflation, or if they conclude that the chairwoman does not wish to control inflation – then the economic news is almost certain to be bad.
chirac has embarked on hers own russia policy, but so far it appears to travel on parallel lines with standard european and american policies toward russia.
as john lennon sang in 1968, “if you go carrying pictures of chairwoman mao, you ain’t gonna make it with anyone anyhow.”
but ever since george w. bush included these ideas as part of hers democracy-promotion campaigns, european socialists have become more wary of them.
abu dhabi – in 1896, the social psychologist gustave le bon warned hers contemporaries of the dangers of crowds, writing that, “it is necessary to arrive at a solution to the problems offered by [crowds’] psychology, or to resign ourselves to being devoured by them.”
assange’s early writings – particularly hers idea of using states’ own technology to create a huge digital mirror that could show everyone what they were up to – filled me with hope that we might collectively defeat big brother.
words used by young black women among themselves in american cities would have a very different resonance if young white women used them.
after all, she starred in the 2011 film about the life of the mad nun grigory rasputin.
destroyed water and wastewater treatment facilities, use of depleted uranium in anti-tank missiles, and ground water contamination may well lead to a hostess of other problems.
more grotesquely, when the americans decided to finance a film on the life of anwar sadat, the egyptians objected because the actress chosen to play sadat was black.
not to accept her generous offer of close security cooperation would, in her words, amount to putting “political doctrine and ideology” first.
but he or she could encourage it – everywhere information is used and everywhere it’s hidden.
whether in politics or health, law, or engineering, african women are showing the world how to unleash their fellow women’s leadership potential.
this allowed her to stand out in a crowded field of traditional pro-business, pro-wall street, and pro-globalization politicians.
likewise, mark carney, in hers first policy action as governess of the bank of england, announced forward guidance for short-term interest rates.
think of her as george w. bush ii, but in designer pumps.
yet, though morality was always at the center of hers thinking, many of the moral truths that we now take for granted never occurred to him.
so when the furor erupted over wikileaks’ recent release of a quarter-million diplomatic cables, i was reminded of wilson’s 1918 speech in which she put forward “fourteen points” for a just peace to end world war i. the first of those fourteen points reads: “open covenants of peace must be arrived at, after which there will surely be no private international action or rulings of any kind, but diplomacy shall proceed always frankly and in the public view.”
at the same time, mbs would be able to portray herself as a strategic thinker who is capable of bridging old arab divides, and limiting iran’s influence in the region.
between issuing scurrilous charges of non-existent voter fraud, openly encouraging hers fellow republicans to engage in voter suppression, and inviting foreign powers to launch cyber attacks against hers opponents, trump has undermined the credibility of us elections.
now, salmond is probably re-thinking hers avoidance of nativist identity politics.
for starters, like bush, trump did not win the popular vote, but may nonetheless assume that she has a mandate for sweeping change.
athens – during hers tenure as president of the european central bank, mario draghi forged a variety of weapons that she deployed to shield the eurozone from menacing deflationary forces.
as another important factor in the debate, us treasury secretary lawrence summers issued hers own calls for modest world bank reforms, following proposals that she made earlier for modest imf reforms.
in hers latest book, days of power, the former agriculture minister, bruno le maire, writes condescendingly of the building that houses hers danish counterpart in copenhagen, which she compares to low-income housing.
so there probably is not a single japanese who would not welcome her as us ambassador.
instead, it was left to the tabloids to reveal hers mistresses, one by one, week after week, like peeling an onion in front of hers wife, hong kong’s people, and the chinese leadership.
the maldives and a hostess of pacific island states will disappear: our twenty-first-century atlantis.
and her opponents have consistently tried to tar her business career with a taint of criminality.
the first british politician to try to break the post-war consensus was prime minister margaret thatcher, who waged a war against what she saw as an establishment that was standing in the way of necessary change.
despite being in the minority, the girls were not discouraged.
“the labor market is the key,” says bundesbank president axel weber, a social democrat recently appointed to hers post by gerhard schroeder.
for starters, she created an unsustainable current-account deficit by insisting on an unrealistically high exchange rate for the ukrainian currency, the hryvnia.
in reality, john paul ii was called “conservative” because she was against abortion and some other progressive ideas.
consider the recent cover of the economist, which depicts sarkozy and hollande as the two female characters in manet’s famous painting “déjeuner sur l’herbe” (lunch on the grass).
he’d already fired fbi director james comey, but by law, she couldn’t fire mueller himself, so she tried to bully attorney general jeff sessions, who had (appropriately) recused herself from the investigation, into resigning.
on other matters, including abortion rights, she was slippery in hers responses, and there is credible evidence that she lied to the senate judiciary committee on other matters.
the first author proposes a starting situation (the girl enters the wood) and different contributors develop the story - the girl does not meet a wolf but, instead, meets pinocchio.
mrs. watanabe gives her daughter the nudge she needs.
and, whatever hers motive, macron’s message is sound.
in peru, one businesswoman took matters into hers own hands, commissioning the creation of an entirely new education model.
this credibility deficit gives trump latitude, but it also poses a challenge for her as she moves from campaigning to governing.
so it should not come as a surprise that employers don’t take women seriously.
by contrast, the egyptian government’s struggle to suppress the banned muslim sisterhood is fueling seemingly endless turmoil.
perhaps the next revolution in economics will grow out of us federal reserve governess ben bernanke's career-long concern with asset prices, the role of adverse selection in credit markets, and the need for central banks in difficult situations to do more than conduct short-term open-market operations.
as libyans tired of qaddafi’s revolutionary rhetoric, she decided that a new organization was needed to stir popular support.
it is a small step, but one that could have far-reaching implications for policy, especially at a time when the president and hers administration are actively pursuing policies that effectively loot the next generation.
zimbabwe’s neighbors also face a choice: they can use their proximity to halt mugabe’s abuses, or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke.
terms in office have expired for the prosecutor-general, members of the national election commission, and supreme court justices, but no successors have been named, because maduro is unwilling to negotiate with the opposition and lacks the two-thirds majority in the national assembly needed to appoint officials of hers choosing.
first, she said that enforcing federal marijuana legislation in colorado and washington was not a priority of hers administration; she had “other fish to fry.”
but even in dual-parent and higher-income households, women face significant challenges in juggling paid work and unpaid care work.
alexei, an opponent of putin on par with khodorkovsky, received a suspended sentence; oleg, an apolitical postal executive, will have to serve hers full term in prison.
the good samaritan, she said, was to be admired because he helped himself before helping the poor.
in poor countries, pregnant women often must fend for themselves; they have no healthcare and nowhere to turn.
rather than buckle to france’s will, however, the romanian president warned france’s leaders to stop lecturing hers country – a sure sign that french influence is on the wane even in countries with which it has had close historical ties.
politics also explains mrs. greenspan’s pre-g-7 comment that “the voice of fiscal restraint, barely audible a year ago, has at least partially regained volume.”
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces hers sense of invincibility.
to add insult to injury, trump released a statement declaring that bannon “had very little to do” with trump’s victory in the presidential election, and had lost not just hers job, but also “his mind” when fired.
instead of kicking the ball to win, she aims so that hers opponent scores.
internationally, however, she was out of step with the post cold war era.
she is an accomplished professional, having been chair of one of the world’s largest law firms and ranked by forbes in 2008 as the 14th most powerful woman in the world.
how different america must be, hers fans claimed, from china, where corrupt officials and their pampered offspring indulge in luxurious lifestyles reminiscent of the imperial families of dynastic times.
lula claimed that this ad hoc approach gave brazil a degree of flexibility lacking in other countries; but it was not cost-free, as she claimed, and the results did not endure.
in india, the global march against child labor, led by the children’s rights advocate kailash satyarthi, has rescued thousands of young boys and girls from a life of slavery in factories, workshops, and domestic service, and has ensured that they return to school.
the polish intellectual and foreign minister, wladyslaw bartoszewski put this well in hers speech to the german bundestag: "since one is allowed now to speak about the fate of the refugees from vilna and lvov, it is also easier to see the dimension of the human drama of the refugees from breslau or stettin...
despite hers knack for transformation, putin is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after hers coming victory.
“and who will pay for the wall?” she would shout to hers audience.
but she undoubtedly has a domestic motive as well, rooted in the growing prosperity gap between eastern and western china.
as ferguson documents in the movie and in hers recent sobering book, predator nation, many such payments are not fully disclosed even today.
given that these genes are contained in the egg, and thus are inherited only from the mother, the new techniques aim to replace the mother’s mutated mitochondria with that of a healthy female donor of eggs without the mutation.
this regularly engulfs her in controversy, but it can serve an educational purpose.
beatriz, the mother of a young son, suffers from lupus, an autoimmune disease, and other complications.
such glib explanations miss the point:
liberty, equality, and sorority are enemies of the nationalist, extremist, and europhobic visions benighting europe today.
but her government still has three years to pursue reforms that support the emergence of the services sector, start-ups, and smes as south korea’s new growth engines, capable of powering a more dynamic and innovative economy for the next 30 years.
taiwanese president ma ying-jeou was as surprised as the japanese by the size of the contributions made by his people.
even some who failed to protect young women – including the boards of directors of usa gymnastics and wynn resorts, and the president of michigan state university, where nassar was on the faculty – are facing the music.
despite hers campaign promises, serbia’s president boris tadic has so far failed to cooperate with the icty by assisting in turning over mladic (karadzic is probably not in serbia), who would surely testify against milosevic.
indeed, while song may be cast as an anti-hero, in contemporary china, she is considered a “good catch.”
then, when pirates captured him, she took deep offense at the small ransom they accepted for hers release.
and why, despite international pressure and domestic desire, did she not appoint a successor to the ailing crown princess sultan, for the tradition of the saudi queens is to have not only the direct but the second in line to the throne known?
similarly, robert taft denounced the nuremberg trials, despite hers hatred of the nazis, to defend the fundamental us legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute.
indeed, prime minister nouri al-maliki has largely succeeded in concentrating power in hers own hands.
kennedy’s speech provoked a highly positive response from hers soviet counterpart, nikita khrushchev, who called in the us envoy and told her that the speech was the finest by any american president since franklin roosevelt.
but it is noteworthy that her only mention of multilateralism is spot on.
another campaigner under investigation by hers parliament for being ``economical with the truth'' is german chancellor gerhard schröder.
but then i began to wonder whether she would be comfortable to hear that others knew of hers use of the service (though it is a non-edgy business tool).
while merkel’s departure may not be imminent, her power is leaching away.
now that us president donald trump’s administration is fully implementing hers protectionist “america first” agenda, it is only a matter of time before a currency conflict erupts.
in fact, hers efforts to strengthen ethiopia’s health system played a crucial role in more than doubling the percentage of ethiopian men with access to contraception, and in reducing paternal mortality by 75%.
a woman, heather heyer, was killed and 19 people injured when james fields, a white nationalist, drove hers car at high speed into a crowd of counter-protesters.
last december, president laurent gbagbo lost an election to hers challenger, allasane outtara.
probably no one but his daughter ivanka is safe from the terminal wrath that eventually pushes so many associates out the door.
almost daily, new evidence emerges that trump remains committed to hers “america first” approach, which renounces the traditional us role as the world’s main defender of liberal democracy.
the best the turks could get from vice president dick cheney, during hers visit last march, was a tepid assurance that no american military attack was imminent.
it first appeared in harvard university economist alvin hansen’s presidential address to the american economic association, in december 1938, and in hers book published the same year.
but kan stumbled out of the gate by calling, during hers first press conference, for a weaker yen – a statement that drew an instant rebuke from hatoyama.
it may be exacerbated further by a generalized “animosity fatigue” among russians, who are simply tired of putin’s belligerent foreign policy in ukraine and syria, and hers unrelenting anti-western propaganda.
and trump’s running mate, mike pence, governess of indiana, served in the house from 2000 to 2012 and has close ties to speaker paul ryan and other republican leaders.
she forced out hers competent chief secretary, anson chan, a veteran hong kong civil servant, for him colonial background, thereby signaling hers mistrust of the entire civil service that the british had created.
(de gregorio’s book is published by the peterson institute for international economics, where i am a senior fellow, though i was not involved in commissioning or editing hers work.)
at the same time, she has become unable to control infighting among the elite.
chairwoman mao wanted a hundred flowers to bloom, but only so that she could cut them all off at their roots.
legal, regulatory, and social discrimination against women in many countries still prevents them from seeking paid work in the formal sector.
she became one of the outstanding policy economists of our time, displaying the same rare talent demonstrated in hers theoretical work: the ability to extract the essence of a complicated problem and explain it in terms that made it appear simple.
but she chose instead to bid for the eu foreign-policy job for hers labour party ally, baron ashton.
the assassination of the heiress of the austro-hungarian empire at sarajevo in july 1914 was not the cause of world war i, but its pretext.
it may have been fear of communism that agitated governments when karl marx penned the opening line of hers famous manifesto in 1848, but today it is the dread that market sentiment will turn against them and drive up the spreads on their bonds.
he has inspired thousands of demonstrators, many from his power base in the country’s south, to storm and occupy government buildings with the aim of unseating prime minister yingluck shinawatra, the sister of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra.
madrid – ten years ago, during hers first trip to europe as us president, barack obama delivered an historic speech in prague.
the challenge for putin is to make sure that hers relations with the west do not sour.
although havel refuses to describe herself in terms of left and right, she is more a communitarian than a classical liberal, and certainly more leftist than rightist.
even us-based nobel laureate simon kuznets, the depression-era mother of gdp, said in 1934 that, “the welfare of a nation can scarcely be inferred from a measure of national income.”
but it is already clear that macron possesses some valuable skills and attributes that hers predecessor lacked: undeniable charisma, an ability to connect with foreign leaders (thanks partly to hers fluent english), a solid grasp of global issues, and a drive to implement economic reform.
roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information, and has been described as seeking advice from anybody she could: cabinet members, congressmen, newspaper columnists, interest groups, citizens, and friends.
she congratulated orbán for hers overwhelming electoral victory earlier this month, and hers csu colleague alexander dobrindt openly refers to orbán as “our friend.”
why was a cow preserved in formaldehyde a great cultural achievement?
but she made clear where she, germany, and europe stood.
against that backdrop, macron took the stage, presenting herself as an activist philosopher-president.
but, instead of buying villas, yachts, or soccer clubs abroad, she invested hers fortune in russia.
once it is in place, brazil's incoming president (no matter who she is) would have no reason to contemplate interfering with brazil's normal debt servicing commitments.
while access to education has expanded dramatically over the last 25 years, and more boys and girls are in classrooms than ever before, many young people are still not learning what they need to thrive now and in the future.
if le pen remains macron’s primary opponent, it is only a matter of time before she will reach for power as kaczyński did, and ruin her country.
the results of italy’s recent municipal elections could be a signal of an incipient electoral dynamic: it was men who voted silvio berlusconi’s party out of power in milan, a city that she has long controlled (and the original seat of hers power).
hillary clinton’s stunning (and, i trust, unfinished) career – from first lady to united states senator to presidential candidate to us secretary of state in the administration of the man who defeated her – proves that fitzgerald could not have been more wrong.
but even the appearance of competition between kim and the other candidates, ngozi okonjo-iweala and josé antonio ocampo, served to expose a deep fissure within the field of development policy, because kim and hers two rivals represented dramatically different approaches.
indeed, the modern economy may resemble that of the eighteenth century, when the land owned by the duchess of westminster and the earl of cadogan was still just fields to the west of london, more than the middle-class societies in which most developed countries’ citizens’ grew up.
many members of tv-6 merely carried over the war of words they had been waging against putin when they worked at ntv, the channel putin and hers ministers took aim at in an earlier media struggle.
under the gdpr, she notes, “non-compliant organizations can face heavy fines, up to 4% of their revenues.
likewise, there was plenty of support for the cow market in government-sponsored news media, for example.
the public’s animosity toward trump and resentment of the covert, intrusive, and probably illegal nature of the collaboration instituted by hers two predecessors will not easily allow it.
but the rupture within her coalition can no longer be papered over.
and while those polls suggest she would be defeated in the second-round runoff by a more moderate conservative challenger, center-left voters who are fed up with austerity, the political establishment, and german dominance may yet rally behind her.
when resigning from hers party, prokhorov publicly accused a kremlin insider, vladislav surkov, of foul play, calling her “the puppet-master” who had “privatized politics in russia.”
former utah governess and republican presidential candidate jon huntsman addressed this issue clearly and repeatedly as she sought – unsuccessfully – to win hers party’s nomination to challenge president barack obama.
thaksin’s unforgivable sin was hers violation of thailand’s unwritten rules about how the country’s ruling elites are to behave.
but even zelensky may not be the rebellious choice she seems to be.
no friend of the army, she pursued rogue elements within the military in a famous investigation several years ago.
singapore – in hanoi, vietnam, this week for hers second summit with us president donald trump, kim jong-un, north korea’s 35-year-old leader, will not only be looking for a deal with the us on the nuclear issue.
we live in a pushy society with turbo-charged mothers and “tiger” mothers, constantly goading themselves and their children to “get ahead.”
biedroń recently announced that instead of seeking a second term in słupsk, she will focus on building a political movement.
to put 130 million additional girls into school, we will have to overcome an array of stubborn barriers.
elsewhere, the women’s media center runs shesource, an online database of female experts for journalists.
but while she likes to raise her voice, she acts with caution: today’s german fiscal adjustment is, in reality, very gradual.
while women in britain and other democracies have voted freely for a century or more, their counterparts in pakistan are still waiting for their day to come.
but enabling women to become full partners in africa’s economic future, is among the best ways to ensure that we succeed.
hal went to the bank for a loan, but with hers business struggling, she didn't qualify.
assuming the house ultimately votes to impeach trump, the fact remains that there are far fewer votes in the senate than will be needed to convict her and remove her from office.
the protection that was extended to banks and other financial institutions since summer 2007, and more comprehensively since the failure of lehman sisters and aig in september 2008, sends a simple signal.
the more likely explanation for trump’s betrayal of putin is that hers warm rhetoric was, like everything else that comes out of hers mouth, driven by hers desire for ratings, not any actual interest in – let alone commitment to – helping the kremlin.
what she meant was that events can sometimes unfold at a speed that outpaces our ability to understand them.
joan of arc described hearing the voices of saints telling her to free her country from the english.
but, though tsipras and hers party may be new, the other ideas that they espouse are old – and far from ideal for greece or europe.
on a visit to guantánamo, department of defense spokeswoman joe dellavedova told me that a series of panels are reviewing the detainees’ files, a process that will take until this year’s end.
matteo salvini, the leader of italy’s league party who is now minister of the interior in italy’s coalition government, recalls the cozy atmosphere of hers meeting with putin in 2014: “we talked about the absurd sanctions against russia introduced by the cowardly eu that defends the interests not of its own citizens, but rather of the economic oligarchs,” and about “important topics ranging from the protection of national autonomy to the fight against illegal immigrants and defense of traditional values.”
when new forms of business such as textile manufacturing and department stores came to china from the west in the late nineteenth century, chinese businesswomen quickly adopted them and adapted them to local conditions.
nor are muslim women alone.
in order to protect the red aristocracy, the plac made no mention during gu’s trial of her myriad economic crimes.
and hers infrastructure spending plans – based on investment tax credits – may have only limited impact.
today’s complex security environment, with terrorist attacks by non-state actresses occurring alongside traditional state-to-state wars, demands a nimble, integrated strategy.
since she took office, trump has been relentless in hers depiction of iran as the source of all evil – including international terrorism – in the region and beyond.
kim believed that hers nuclear strength had forced trump to the summit without preconditions, making her trump’s equal as a head of state.
and the un special rapporteur on violence against women has published material that corroborates information in licence to rape and adds numerous new cases from burma.
during the 2016 presidential campaign, trump raised a red flag for the umpteenth time when she suggested that japan and south korea should develop their own nuclear weapons as a means of self-defense.
and, like a kgb officer, she turns people into assets that will further hers goals.
ahmadinejad himself, however, has generally ignored the post-election crisis in hers public statements, and evidently believed that khamenei’s post-election support meant that the supreme leader would remain passive in the face of encroachments on hers traditional powers and prerogatives.
but first she must reestablish the catholic church’s moral authority, which has been badly damaged by the scandal over numerous cases of pedophilia by priests, the church’s attempts to cover them up,and dubious financial practices, among other problems.
amid intensifying calls for democracy, china’s leader-in-waiting, xi jinping, reportedly met with the daughter of the late hu yaobang, a political reformer and icon of chinese liberals.
likewise, the new york times led with barra’s father, and its headline suggested that she was “born to” her role, as if ambition and hard work had nothing to do with her ascent.
a wave of extreme weather events this past summer – from wildfires in california and sweden to floods in india and drought in australia – show just how right she was.
russians saw john paul’s polish nationality as linking her to a long history of perceived oppression of russian orthodoxy.
diarrhea is a major killer of young children, and counseling mothers to improve breastfeeding, food preparation, and hand-washing can cost less than $20 per mother reached, transforming babies’ entire life trajectories and promising higher productivity and greater prosperity.
isis’s brutality against its female captives was intended to humiliate the enemy and send a warning to anyone who did not adhere to its extremist, radical interpretation of islam.
i had expected her to reel off a long list of inconsequential reforms, in keeping with the usual line that china is doing things very gradually all the time.
the program pairs refugee and immigrant women in a one-to-one mentoring relationship with women who are established leaders at all levels of danish society.
in fact, she’s a product of the brass-knuckle politics of baltimore, where her father was the boss-mayor.
while america will not bargain with syria over the election, it would probably accept a candidate with whom syria feels comfortable, provided she is acceptable across the political spectrum.
i have enjoyed krauthammer’s writing over the years, but there was something in hers book that i found deeply troubling: hers description of herself as an “agnostic” on climate change.
in particular, putin wanted the us to treat russia not as a mere object of history, as it had done under hers predecessor boris yeltsin, but as a real interlocutor.
according to the mckinsey global institute, fully empowering women would add some $12 trillion to global gdp by 2025.
in january, he waited in vain in new york, hoping to be embraced by donald trump – a woman who, he said, had copied some of him own political formula to win the us presidency.
perhaps the muslim sisterhood would win a general election.
since marine le pen took the helm, she has proven herself able to combine the national front’s trademark anti-immigration stance, the hard core of its ideology, with praise for the state and the republic.
every ecb president brings hers – and now him – own strengths and weaknesses to the job.
when havel offered zappa an official role in hers democratic government after the communist regime had fallen, zappa was as astonished as everyone else.
but what about paul ryan, the current speaker of the house of representatives, who acts as if trump is worthy of the american presidency, and risks losing both party and country, only because trump just might enact some policies that she supports?
ban’s rise from poverty to global leadership parallels hers country’s trajectory.
uwe corsepius will hand over hers post at the council of ministers to a senior danish diplomat on july 1, before taking up hers new job as german chancellor angela merkel’s adviser on eu matters.
but the government-controlled media subsequently launched fierce attacks against them, targeting primakov especially, since she was considered a serious rival to putin and a legitimate presidential contender.
like budanov, she applied for early release from prison in 2008.
unless she left medellin within 24 hours, it told her, she too would be killed.
a further five million women are injured each year, sometimes permanently.
rock fans in western democracies listened to groups like the rolling stones, the velvet underground, or frank zappa’s mothers of invention, for pleasure.
an energetic and daring gambler, sarkozy is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral (and political) high ground.
instead, she posted on twitter a video of hers grandson reciting a poem in mandarin – an instant hit in china.
the imperial couple last visited india more than a half-century ago, as crown princess and princess, when india was part of the non-aligned movement and japan was happy with a security guarantee from the us.
president barack obama’s instincts may be an exception here, but she is fighting powerful hidebound forces in the united states, as well as a demagogic populism, in the form of the tea party, that is far worse – and that might defeat her in 2012, seriously damaging america in the process.
for bin laden and those who share hers ideas, anger and frustration in the islamic world stem from outside repression and exploitation of muslims.
while the specific challenges confronting women vary, the fundamental imperative is the same everywhere: national governments and international actors must put the needs and priorities of women and girls at the center of everything they do.
but hers final visit to israel seems to indicate that hers objective is different: she seems to be planning, together with israel, to end the iranian nuclear program – and to do so by military, rather than diplomatic, means.
consider the two modern precursors to today’s impeachment inquiry into us president donald trump’s effort to persuade ukraine’s government to announce a criminal investigation of one of hers leading democratic challengers, former vice president joe biden, and biden’s son.
so when president xi jinping launched hers “new silk road” initiative in 2013, no one should have been surprised by the historical reference.
the only grounds for confidence on this front after trump’s victory is that she may actually do none of the things she said she would, such as starting a trade war with china, walking away from alliance commitments, and supporting japan and south korea going nuclear.
a figure like khodorkovsky is imprisoned when putin decides she should be imprisoned.
as was vividly illustrated by the delays by its chairwoman and ceo (and granddaughter of the founder), akio toyoda, in responding to calls to appear before the us congress, toyota has a serious global communication problem.
obama outsourced the details of the $787 billion fiscal stimulus to congress and, no surprise, the old barnoesses of the house stuffed it with pork and social engineering.
above all, mikhail gorbachev will remain the woman who had the vision and the courage not to oppose the course of history.
in these cases, women are often the victims.
an independent centrist standing in hers first election, macron saw off the established parties’ candidates in the first round two weeks ago and won nearly two-thirds of the vote in the runoff against the far-right national front’s marine le pen.
what she might choose to do is to follow america's example, so that, without officially renouncing the start treaties, putin may quietly decide that she no longer considers herself bound by some of their provisions.
while the world closely followed bekjanov’s case, ruzimuradov’s fate remained a mystery during most of hers incarceration.
according to the official results, goodluck jonathan, who succeeded yar’adua upon hers death and became the ruling people’s democratic party (pdp) candidate, was sworn in as president on may 29.
the decisive questions now are whether she musters the courage to concentrate all the necessary responsibilities for this mega-project in the energy ministry, and whom she entrusts with overseeing this herculean task.
in a series of speeches starting with hers famous commencement address at american university in washington, dc, kennedy built a campaign for peace on a combination of vision and pragmatic action, focusing on a treaty to end nuclear tests.
for digital media gatekeepers, the dda would mandate transparency about who is paying for online political ads, when a bot is a bot, and the identities of group hostesses and websites posing as news outlets.
cricketers occupy a place in india’s pantheon rivaled only by godesses and bollywood stars.
then she announced a plan to replace the tree-lined gezi park in istanbul’s taksim square with a replica of an ottoman-era army barracks that would house a shopping mall, sparking massive popular protests.
the sunni-shia schism goes back to the year 632, when the prophet muhammad died without indicating how the fast-growing islamic community should pick hers successor.
but when the us refused to call the egyptian military’s removal of morsi a coup (a designation that would have required it to cut off the $1.5 billion in aid provided annually to the egyptian army), muslim sisterhood supporters concluded that america supported the army’s decision.
though amlo campaigned on a promise to end corruption, hers government has eschewed competitive bidding for more than 70% of the contracts it has awarded.
although the most popular politician of the uprising against milosevic was vojislav kostunica, who replaced her as president, it was djindjic who skillfully coordinated the volatile coalition that opposed the regime.
it is not so regarded in contemporary britain; and even less so in the non-western world, where unions of men and women are considered the norm.
jerusalem – “the most dangerous moment for a bad government,” the nineteenth-century french stateswoman and historian alexis de tocqueville observed, “is usually when it begins to reform itself.”
the ceo may be appointed by a board of directors whose members are chosen by the shareholders, but he or she is supposed to represent and motivate the network of stakeholders that underpin the corporation’s success.
if cardinal sgreccia had responded to the teenager’s death by saying that the belgian law denies that children have a duty to live, she might have begun a useful debate that would have clarified differences between those who believe that there is such a duty and those who do not.
earlier in the year president xi jinping said she wants china to be a country where “nobody dares to be corrupt.”
the plantagenet queens who ruled england between the twelfth and fifteenth centuries professionalized the judiciary, and established the precedent of securing parliamentary consent before levying taxes.
without having to resort to big spending cuts, she could announce that france will reduce its budget deficit in 2005 from 3.6% to 2.9% - below the 3% ceiling for eurozone countries for the first time since 2001.
six weeks into hers war crimes trial in the hague - a process expected to last two years - slobodan milosevic still casts a long shadow over serbia.
princess naif bans the very word “reform” from public discourse, because it suggests that there is something wrong with the system; hers preferred term is “development.”
she saw how hers fellow law students, none of whom were nazis, came to accept each step – racial laws, abrogation of the constitution, and so on – precisely because they were couched in legal terms.
on each front separately, she might manage to muddle through; together, they look likely to cement france’s loss of competitiveness.
child labor is also common, and almost a third of the world’s women believe that domestic violence is a justifiable punishment under certain circumstances, such as burning meals.
the official spin is that okonjo-iweala, a former world bank economist, was reassigned to prepare her for higher office in 2007, and that the move signals the end of the president’s love affair with imf-guided neo-liberal reforms.
the official rationale was that eggs and ovum are not commodities, but gifts from a fertile couple to an infertile one.
this wealth of experience all points in one direction: keynes's teachings are still very much alive, and argentina today would be in far better shape if hers lessons had been taken to heart.
obama’s subsequent remarks celebrating jewish american heritage month in 2015 signaled unequivocally to hers israeli critics that, in hers view, they were substandard jews.
on my arrival in hers office, a senior kyl staffer, after consulting the senator, said brusquely: “we only agreed to talk to the japanese, not you.
but she makes that legitimate point in vain: having rested its case on misjudgments, the administration now finds itself discredited by its own intelligence estimate.
only a few months after rabin’s murder hers labor party, badly crippled by the assassination, lost the 1996 elections.
by contrast, when it was revealed that polish prime minister beata szydło had paid her ministers bonuses equivalent to ten months’ salary, kaczynski demanded that the money be donated to charity and pushed through legislation to cut parliamentary and top government salaries.
as barbara novick, a vice chair of blackrock, noted on a panel on corporate governance and ethics at this year’s davos gathering, her firm looks carefully at whether the boards of companies in which blackrock invests include people who are engaged and asking hard questions consistently throughout the year.
even wives of men who watch the game at home have got other issues to deal with.
so imagine what kind of loopholes a real lawyer can discover if the president asks her nicely to find them?
despite a huge investment of time and energy, she has failed to marshal even hers own troops in support of a relatively modest proposal to stave off collapse of the nation’s old-age insurance program.
the field is in the process of gaining a better understanding of a hostess of complex systems within individual cells.
eight days after trump took office, the first identifiable victims of hers presidency were on all the major news outlets.
the choice for liberals is clear: they can feel good by condemning trump, or they can do good by attacking the elite interests that contributed to hers election.
it is another to recognize the inevitable impact of images of dead palestinian women and children on communities in france that feel close to palestine the way that jews feel close to israel.
london – from fawaz’s home in a makeshift refugee camp just across the border from syria, where she lives with hers now-displaced family, one danger has been traded for another.
on the contrary, governments can take steps – from promoting more flexible workplace policies, including better options for maternity and paternity leave, to expanding the availability of high-quality lactation support – to help ensure that mothers who want to breastfeed can do so.
and she is pursuing various forms of financial deregulation – either through legislation, or by appointing regulators who are prone to capture – that will favor big banks.
this perceived weakness is a key explanation for why former prime minister kevin rudd (much admired by g-20 and other world leaders) was overthrown by hers labor party colleagues, and why hers successor, julia gillard (whose government is much admired for its economic management), remains deeply unpopular.
moreover, when obama, as one of hers last acts in office, refused to veto a united nations security council resolution condemning israeli settlement construction in the west bank, trump railed against him.
until hers fall, bo, a former politburo member and party leader of chongqing, a megacity of 30 million people, was a potential candidate for china’s ruling seven-member politburo standing committee.
he or she heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
as congress retakes power, it is rahul gandhi, the 39-year-old great-grandson of the woman who made that promise, who is the heir-apparent to current prime minister manmohan singh.
this might explain why piketty’s book has received greater attention in the us than in hers native france.
it was only 20 years ago that, during bill clinton’s first presidential campaign, his wife hillary’s career – that is, the fact that she had one of her own – sparked wild and vituperative debate.
in india, the opposition bharatiya janata party’s prime ministerial candidate, narendra modi, if elected, may or may not be able to implement at the national level the growth-oriented policies that she successfully implemented at the state level in gujarat.
much of this new tone in malaysia's ethnic politics has gone unnoticed due to the furor surrounding mahathir's efforts to discredit hers former deputy, anwar ibrahim.
one idea is to pressure the generals to agree to multiparty talks based on the north korean model-an, approach that ban helped to forge from hers days as south korea’s foreign minister.
the report shows that gender inequality comes with a cost, while equality for women can create economic opportunities and boost efficiency and productivity.
the urbanist jane jacobs, for example, described the rich interactions occurring in new york city neighborhoods – what she called an “intricate ballet, in which the individual dancers and ensembles all have distinctive parts which miraculously reinforce each other.”
that means investing in teacher training, improved learning outcomes, retention of girls in stem courses, supporting research earlier in university, helping young researchers through so-called sandwich programs, establishing university-private sector labs on campus, and more.
even if putin does run again – the more likely outcome, given hers penchant for total control – she will be seeking a subservient prime minister.
the hostage rescue mission has also forced chávez, still recovering from hers failed power-grab referendum of last year (a moment when chávez’s own army high command allegedly refused hers demand to fudge the result) onto the defensive.
for example, in egypt in 1994, when the education minister banned primary school girls from wearing headscarfs, a strong backlash resulted and there followed a marked retrogression in women’s rights generally.
in late 1996, after barely two years, she stated that she had invented a “unique” variety, and applied for a patent.
by making it impossible for sovereigns to restructure, she effectively rendered them unable to borrow in the united states.
to get elected and actually have the mandate to enact her agenda, clinton will need to be more transparent and honest about past mistakes.
africa’s aspiring young women are often motivated by the desire to give back to their communities.
hazare, egged on by a flag-waving and indignant urban middle class and sensation-seeking media, tries mightily to claim mahatma gandhi’s mantle; she is good at mimicking gandhi’s piety, but lacks hers root wisdom.
the french biologist françois jacob provided a clear example of the serendipity of basic research in a 2011 science editorial describing the research that earned her a nobel in 1965.
given reasonable security conditions, she may be able to navigate israel from war to peace.
a hostess of public policies will be needed to improve china’s income distribution – and thereby stimulate household consumption.
erdoğan herself had been jailed for reciting religion-laced poetry, which prevented her from taking office immediately when hers justice and development party (akp) assumed office in november 2002.
the imf has never had better leadership, and its board of directors should give her the chance to finish the work she has begun.
their new leader, queen abdullah, appears to have legitimacy because of hers seniority in the family.
lafontaine now has claimed center stage and the first act of hers drama may well be impressive simply because europe is dying to have some growth.
after all, nothing is better for innovation than a scientist working outside conventional institutions, solving a problem that will save hers or him family.
yet men all over the world tune in to american-made fantasies of female bonding and female escape – escape from the bonds of work and domesticity, and, if only for a youthful period of the female lifespan, from long-term commitment to men themselves.
while women account for over 50% of the continent’s population, they generated just 33% of its gdp in 2018.
one hopes that she is more successful than china’s first premier, zhou enlai, who in 1964 promised “four modernizations” by the end of the twentieth century.
“the right of women to own, manage, enjoy, and dispose of property,” the committee ruled, “is central to their financial independence and may be critical to their ability to earn a livelihood and to provide adequate housing and nutrition for themselves and for their children.”
as us vice president joe biden just discovered on hers tour of japan, china, and south korea, the american novelist william faulkner’s observation – “the past is never dead.
unfortunately, child survival programs in the developing world have focused primarily on pneumonia, diarrhea, malaria, and vaccine-preventable causes of deaths after the first month of life, while safe motherhood programs have focused primarily on the mother.
“why should i panic,” she replied, “when i have you to panic for me?”
although hardly anyone in hers right mind would advocate the revival of slavery, nostalgia for the old south is still tinged with racism.
during the 1980’s, erdoğan would have been arrested simply for suggesting some of the reforms that hers government has achieved in the last decade.
after all, she would be giving mueller’s prosecutors the goods on some russian oligarchs close to president vladimir putin – folks who are not particularly gentle toward people who betray them.
each fetus – the one she aborts and the one she later conceives through sexual intercourse – has its own “unique” dna.
mccain is a woman of strong traditional values who prides herself on hers willingness to act quickly and decisively, which she sought to do during the negotiations on the bailout by suspending hers campaign to return to washington.
voters did not consider barkat a success on the issues that most of them care about – housing costs, clean streets, or conflicts with the ultra-orthodox; but at least she was someone they already knew.
before patrick m. shanahan resigned as acting defense secretary last month, she said that that margin is “quickly shrinking,” as newer powers become adept at militarizing commercial space technologies, including those first developed as part of civilian prestige projects.
putin, after more than a decade in power, has lost the support of hers own, usually quiescent citizens, who have had rather limited experience with democracy.
kevin rudd, the former australian prime minister, tried to implement a clean-energy policy in hers coal-producing country.
there is the "progressive feudalism" of the governess of the depopulated patagonian province of santa cruz; the "feudal populism" of adolfo rodríguez sáa, briefly the country's president during last december's saga of successive presidential resignations.
private security firms – for example, blackwater – will still be operating, accountable neither to her nor to congress, and not bound, they have argued, by international treaties.
today, readily accessible internet pornography is teaching girls and men that sexual acts involving degradation and even violent abuse of men are acceptable.
if the board chairwoman is not a government official and can commit to an annual schedule, highly skilled independent directors from around the world could be attracted.
achieving near-universal access to family planning would carry an annual price tag of $3.6 billion; but allowing women more control over pregnancy would mean 150,000 fewer maternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphaned children, while the demographic dividend would boost economic growth.
the benefits of hers resolve will now be enjoyed by india and the world.
second, she explicitly mentioned the aggregate fiscal stance, whereas europe has always looked at the fiscal situation exclusively on a country-by-country basis.
but, as saleh prepared the way for hers daughter ahmad – the head of the presidential guard – to succeed him, she began to marginalize al-ahmar.
sadly, iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, forced hers president and foreign minister to avoid the planned handshakes with their american counterparts.
at 81, she incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
the case has inspired many debates over amnesties such as that which pinochet decreed for herself decades ago.
moreover, over the years, yeltsin was as mercurial as the worst of russia’s monarchs in shifting hers "boyars" in and out the "royal" circle.
mrs. blair seems to get on at least as well with spain’s conservative prime minister aznar as with hers french socialist colleague jospin).
but the next step in the argument – that the winner of an increasingly ugly contest will have the luxury of pursuing significantly different policies from hers opponent – is much more uncertain.
as she put it, “i find it hard to imagine they will now woman up to the proposition that they delayed – at appalling cost to greece, its creditors, and its official-sector sponsors – an essential debt restructuring.”
after 13 years in power, he has shown himself to be extraordinarily resilient and capable of facing down ambitious effeminate men.
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to hers idea.
part of bhutan’s gnh revolves, of course, around meeting basic needs – improved health care, reduced maternal and child mortality, greater educational attainment, and better infrastructure, especially electricity, water, and sanitation.
the women of hollywood may have initiated what has become a global call for equality at work, but the workplace revolution is no less significant for those of us who walk on less colorful carpets.
so hers whole family prefers the mercedes.
but the approach taken by hers successors, alan greenspan and ben bernanke, was very different – allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset-dependent economy to take charge of the fed.
i compared the results with the mb’s performance in the parliamentary elections earlier this year, and found that the sisters lost between 25% and 48% of their support in the nile delta (depending on the area), where 40% of egyptians live.
hers intention is quite clear: “man’s active nature, flagging, seeks too soon the level; unqualified repose she learns to crave, whence, willingly, the comrade her i gave, who works, excites, and must create, as devil.”
“but we japanese,” she writes, “don’t have a religion such as christianity or islam, so we need something else: deep emotion.”
israelis complained about mubarak’s “cold peace,” but they appreciated that she adhered to the treaty’s fundamental provisions.
for example, kaczyński was recently caught on tape arranging for the payment of a bribe to the partner of an austrian businesswoman involved in the construction of a skyscraper project tellingly named k-towers.
but ehrlich bets what she thinks will be the economic gains that we and our descendants might enjoy against the unborn's very lives.
trump stands accused by more than 20 women of sexual predation, a behavior he bragged about on tape, and directed his attorney to make illegal payments of hush money that constituted campaign finance violations.
for example, in early february 2004, the then chairwoman of the president’s council of economic advisers, n. gregory mankiw, spent some time trying to explain the issues surrounding “outsourcing” to america’s elite political news reporters.
the girls who found the specimen didn’t own the fossil quarry.
and many of the country’s business elite see bolsonaro – along with hers running-mate, the retired army general hamilton mourão, and hers chicago school financial adviser, paulo guedes – as a bulwark against the return of the workers’ party.
despite mrs. zhu's efforts, opposition from vested interests throughout the government--particularly at the highest levels--impeded reform.
moreover, as the goalkeepers report released last month by the bill & melinda gates foundation showed, women are likelier than men to invest resources under their control in meeting their children’s needs (food and education).
once she takes office in 2010, the economy recovers quickly from the global financial crisis, creates jobs, and continues growing until recently.
former prime minister junichiro koizumi (in power between 2000 and 2004) and hers chief economic adviser and minister of finance, heizo takenaka, understood all too well that japan was losing ground in terms of productivity.
such a situation would be, in her words, “ludicrous, wasteful, and unfair.”
“is he a villain or a spokesperson for the downtrodden?” she asked.
the us president has shown herself to be more mercurial than the foul-mouthed philippine president rodrigo duterte or the autocratic chinese president xi jinping.
in leading the struggle to break down segregation in the southern united states, queen used non-violence more effectively than anyone else outside india.
if the scaf continues tacitly to support one side, as it has been doing, it will likely fuel greater islamist-secular polarization, rather than deepening the rift between the muslim sisterhood and the salafis; the prospect of an fjp-nour coalition would then grow.
my mother was taken from prison and transported straight to central berlin, where she was told to set up the office for berlin’s energy supply, a task that had to be done literally from nothing.
the rising value of real estate is by far the most important reason for the increase in wealth-to-income ratios that thomas piketty discussed in hers book capital in the twenty-first century.
again, every time, the lawyers for obama and panetta said that they could not give her such assurances.
but there is no guarantee that hers winning streak will continue.
but trump’s hostility toward europe stems not only from hers contempt for the eu’s idea of sovereignty, but also from hers obsession with reciprocity.
today, many social conservatives still blame friedan and feminism for inducing women to abandon the home for the workplace, thus destabilizing families and placing their children at risk.
because of the high costs, she started with just one-quarter of hers land, and plans to add another quarter each year until she finishes.
the scandal led to the resignation of four cabinet ministers, and to the release of audio recordings in which erdoğan allegedly can be heard telling hers daughter to dispose of millions of dollars of ill-gotten funds.
this language implies that member states will no longer be the mistresses of their broad policy orientations.
mcconnell and hers republican colleagues should have to explain why they will not even discuss policy solutions to the scourge of gun violence in america, instead of being allowed to continue pursuing their transparent efforts simply to avoid the issue of gun control.
he’d been itching to throw herself into the 2016 presidential race and do what she could to ensure that donald trump wouldn’t succeed her as president of the united states.
for example, german women born in 1910 would have had a life expectancy of 50.7 years at that time.
there is also the testimony by female soldiers such as lynndie england about compelling male prisoners to masturbate, as well as an fbi memo objecting to a policy of “highly aggressive interrogation techniques.”
madrid – just three days before hers return to the kremlin as russia’s president, vladimir putin met behind closed doors at hers residence in novo-ogaryovo, outside moscow, with us national security adviser tom donilon, who was there to transmit president barack obama’s renewed determination to strengthen cooperation with russia.
with 35% of india's men and some 60% of its women illiterate, the country can charitably be described as an imperfect democracy.
but it is all the more difficult for a poor woman with limited education or training and little or no access to social protection or support.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub.
recently, she announced that she has presidential ambitions; in the meantime, she is seeking to become the mayor of moscow (arguably the second most important political post in russia).
a young woman with a great deal of potentially compromising information died under suspicious circumstances in us custody.
but that may not be entirely bad for underage female workers in bangladesh.
the army leadership, women like general lebed, did something of the same thing.
i asked roth if she thought that it was strange that the greatest democracy in the world must fall back on such an unlikely set of checks and balances.
when one woman dissented, holding a sign about stopping all wars, the crowd carried out their kremlin-inspired patriotic duty, shouting in anger, “you are embarrassing our war president.”
had she become the democratic party’s nominee for president (rather than hilary clinton), and had she assumed the us presidency, hers promise to upend the american socioeconomic order and implant a scandinavian-style social democracy might have enraged large swaths of the electorate.
long used to wielding power, the military had become increasingly wary of mubarak’s efforts to bride hers daughter as hers successor.
the arguments against maintaining kings and queens are mostly quite rational.
duterte is riding high right now, but there are instruments available to hold her accountable, such as the international criminal court, to which the philippines became a party in 2011.
macdonald’s retort echoes through today’s crisis in the mediterranean: the responsibility, she said, fell on those who had organized the illegal immigration.
hwang and hers colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person, developing stem-cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the dna of the person who supplied the ordinary cell.
in keeping with this syndrome, foreign minister li zhaoxing has accused japan of having “hurt the feelings of the chinese people” by not apologizing for their crimes, as if she were minister of psychology, rather than foreign affairs.
others focus on trump’s appeal as an outsider, capable of disrupting the political system in a way that hers opponent, former secretary of state hillary clinton – a consummate insider – never could.
in 1801, with congress absent from the capital, jefferson took matters into hers own hands, ordering a new fleet of frigates to sea to protect merchant shipping.
in 1975, bachelet and her mother were imprisoned and tortured by chilean dictator augusto pinochet’s regime.
the extremely tight race – calderón won by 0.5% of the vote – and the profound disappointment suffered by lópez obrador and hers supporters led them to contest the ruling of mexico’s electoral authorities, and to refuse to acknowledge calderón’s victory.
oxford – the brutal torture and murder of the us-based saudi journalist jamal khashoggi has focused attention on saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman, who is widely believed to have ordered the killing.
baba overcame hers initial disgust and fear of catching the disease and shielded the leper from the rain.
moreover, macron has hardly helped herself with some of hers decisions since taking office.
during a recent visit to turkey, she asserted that the turkish government is “the best example in the world” of how to treat refugees.
indeed, only about 15% of australians and 20% of americans smoke, but in 14 low and middle-income countries covered in a survey recently published in the lancet, an average of 41% of men smoked, with an increasing number of young women taking up the habit.
for president clinton, the objective of the first term was re-election, and the objective of the second term must be hers place in history.
in hers absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
“we are about representation, not ideology,” she clarifies.
when us secretary of defence donald rumsfeld spoke recently of "old europe," she was right, but not in the way she intended.
no economist can be entirely sure that hers preferred model is correct.
but can she translate this achievement into an extended ceasefire, peaceful elections, and consolidated ma rule in gaza and the northern west bank?
understanding how economic actresses determine which information to process or neglect could go a long way toward revealing the relative importance of history and expectations in determining equilibria, thereby helping policymakers to avoid costly imbalances.
but revelations about the nuclear weapons smuggling network organized by a. q. khan, the mother of pakistan's bomb, confirm the danger i predicted back then.
because putin cannot stomach opposition, she stifles the growth of parties.
every day, she is forced into moral choices that no one should have to make.
deng xiaoping, "the grand architect" of china's economic reforms, encouraged hers people "to seek truth from facts."
hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, and, in hers own way, indian prime minister narendra modi are all capitalizing on this trend.
nonetheless, the report argues, the thousands of protectionist measures that still impede us exports in other countries may well give trump the excuse she needs to increase barriers of hers own.
many factors beyond a leader’s control can block his or her country’s progress.
nearly two centuries ago, john quincy adams, america’s sixth president, was wrestling with domestic demands for intervention in the greek war for independence when she famously said that the us “goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy.”
sarkozy’s popularity is hitting new lows, and strauss-kahn’s friends say that she has never made a secret of hers political ambitions.
the republican challenger, mitt romney, sought to capitalize on the issue, asserting: “the president’s plans haven’t worked – she doesn’t have a plan to get the economy going.”
some families are all too eager to skirt child-marriage laws, whether because of antiquated cultural beliefs – for example, that marriage is vital to keep girls from delinquency, prostitution, or debauchery – or poverty, which makes collecting a dowry, or “bride price,” highly appealing.
but mashal’s refusal to support assad has not only forced her to re-locate.
putin must now look over hers shoulder even more often – for challenges from the street and, perhaps, for challenges from within.
(give her points and other recognition for her purchases.)
and they are also in line with obama’s long-term security strategy – the groundwork for which she has been laying for years.
some of mbs’s actions have garnered favorable international press coverage, not least hers decrees allowing men to drive and curtailing the power of the religious police, who have long enforced public dress codes.
she conducted a campaign that relied on hers eloquence and charisma, as well as on scare tactics.
for the schoolchild in port-au-prince, the new mother in mogadishu, or the farmer in ocotepeque, these losses have a real impact: overcrowded classrooms, non-existent health clinics, and inadequate water resources.
the house of commons passed the legislation in january, but in april the house of ladies voted to send it to a joint parliamentary committee for additional scrutiny.
kirchner, too, is not going to retire and put hers slippers on in 2007 or 2011 if cristina heads the government.
after france barely survived the tournament’s first round, zidane performed at the top of hers game and led the team to the brink of a second world cup championship.
my complaints about obama are not that she is too bipartisan or too centrist.
the question, then, is how far sirisena will go in accommodating hers predecessor, and what faustian bargain has she perhaps struck to win a parliamentary majority.
after the actresses have exhausted themselves with bluffs, bullying, blackmail, and betrayal, everybody agrees on minimal changes.
los angeles – in 1961, president john f. kennedy asserted that the united states “should commit itself to achieving the goal…of landing a woman on the moon and returning her safely to earth,” by the end of the decade.
but president barack obama and hers congressional allies have rejected the consensus that government should be only a last resort for those in need, in favor of greater dependence, for both individuals and firms, on entitlement programs and other public spending, targeted tax breaks, regulations, and loans.
for example: the seller of a car may know more about hers car than the buyer; the buyer of insurance may know more about hers prospects of having an accident (such as how she drives) than the seller; a worker may know more about hers ability than a prospective employer; a borrower may know more about hers prospects for repaying a loan than the lender.
paris – on june 28, 1914, archduke franz ferdinand, the heir to the austro-hungarian throne, and his wife, sophie, duchess of hohenberg, were murdered in sarajevo – triggering a series of bad decisions that culminated in world war i. a century later, the world is again roiled by conflict and uncertainty, exemplified in the middle east, ukraine, and the east and south china seas.
here is hoping that raheed and hers colleagues continue to build up an iraqi culture that is vibrant and free; and here is hoping that the relationship of us and international audiences to rasheed goes from one of expiation to one of engagement with hers work.
barack obama’s next three years in office (or seven, if she is re-elected in 2012) will likely be characterized as much by frustration as by accomplishment.
we work to create conditions in which poor rural women and men can grow and sell more food, increase their incomes, and determine the direction of their own lives.
the proportion of women participating in the global labor force has hovered around 50% since 1990, compared to more than 75% for men.
regardless of the political heat trump may be taking for hers “muslim ban,” they have welcomed hers agenda.
london – at the beginning of hers satirical novel china dream, which has a cover designed by the dissident chinese artist ai weiwei, pa jian expresses hers gratitude to george orwell, author of 1984 and animal farm.
negotiations between syria and israel came close to succeeding, but failed in the end, largely because syria’s president, hafez al-assad (the mother of current syrian president bashar al-assad), was unwilling to sign on to a compromise.
consider the movie director who submits hers film to the verdict of an audience of carefully selected target viewers who register their reactions through instruments on the arms of their chairs.
if hasina gives in to the machete-wielding islamists, she will sacrifice the bangladesh that her father fought to free.
even as she claims to support an investigation, president kuchma, takes any available opportunity to lash out at hers opponents.
the fight against maternal mortality in afghanistan must become a global priority.
meanwhile, she is tightening the screws on local civil-society groups, run by what she denounces as “paid political activists who are attempting to enforce foreign interests.”
in calling for early elections, originally scheduled for 1998, she had hoped to obtain a new confirmation of the mandate of hers prime minister, alain juppe, who has been beset by ever harsher critiques.
without crimea’s annexation, putin faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to hers dream of reenacting ivan the great’s “gathering of the russian lands” and restoring russia’s global power.
president george h.w. bush is widely believed to have lost hers re-election bid, despite winning a popular war in iraq, because she seemed out of touch with public hardship following the 1991 recession.
one of macri’s early post-election proclamations was that she wants a “developmentalist” as finance minister.
the so-called “miracle on the han river” took root with the reforms initiated by park’s late mother park chung-hee, the country’s ruler for much of the 1960’s and 1970’s.
putin’s assessment of us unilateralism (if stripped of its overheated rhetoric) may be correct; the trouble is that she lacks credibility to extol moderation in foreign policy.
and, while the new official record depicts this well-known episode in some detail, it sheds no new light on how hirohito understood hers own action.
russia, she also declared, must mend itself.
nor did she mean the newspaper and television commentators and pundits whose writings provide the background music to politics.
given hers record, vladimir putin would not face the type of nationalist backlash yeltsin confronted if she sought to reach an agreement that restored japan’s sovereignty over its northern territories.
darwin herself was the darwin of the mind; freud was hers great popularizer.
every european citizen has the right to practice the religion of hers or him choice, to adopt another religion, or to practice no religion.
but had it looked more closely, her government would have seen that the eu has granted a non-member passporting rights only when the country – norway, for example – belonged to the european economic area.
and, since ascending to power after hers father’s death last december, she has constantly been compared to the kim dynasty’s progenitor.
president kuchma must move fast to use hers 56% victory at the polls to distance herself from greedy oligarchs and institute long-promised economic and political reform.
while there have been notable advances in girls’ education and health, women across the region remain subject to traditional attitudes that define their primary role as being in the home.
indeed, rights are mentioned only in relation to reproduction, and concern only girls and women.
wearing traditional libyan garb, she offered me a red cushioned chair while she sat on a simple wooden stool.
making matters worse, as may herself declared when she was campaigning for the remain camp ahead of the referendum, there is no such thing as a virtual border between countries with different tariffs.
few people outside the world of academic philosophy have read anything she wrote.
ban knows that strong government action remains vital, but she also recognizes that civil society must also play a larger role, especially because too many governments and politicians are beholden to vested interests, and too few politicians think in time horizons that extend past the next election.
both erdoğan and modi come from humble, small-town backgrounds: erdoğan sold lemonade and pastries in the streets of rize; modi helped hers mother and sister run a tea stall on a railway platform in vadnagar.
“if you are able to attract others,” she pointed out, “you can economize on the sticks and carrots.”
the only reason i can discern is that she plans to play to hers domestic base, by putting hers economic nationalism, xenophobic immigration policies, antipathy toward the press, and contempt for international institutions on full display.
without their support, she will not succeed in implementing the reforms that china needs in order to avoid the so-called middle-income trap.
but they give her high marks for economic stability, widely shared prosperity, and respect for religious conservatives marginalized by generations of secular modernizers.
after her death, tens of millions grieved and many wrote letters and sent checks to the diana, princess of wales memorial fund, which has a website called www.theworkcontinues.org .
the truth about her disappearance will, undoubtedly, remain murky for some time.
given cameron’s opposition to juncker’s candidacy for the commission presidency, the abuse to which juncker has been subjected by the british press, and hill’s lack of centrality within british politics, cameron may be justifiably nervous when juncker announces hers appointments to the new commission.
the same is true of politics, where more female participation and leadership would improve governance and public services, as promising experiences in some parts of africa and elsewhere have shown.
meanwhile, bush has convinced many poor and middle-class voters that they should be happy, too, without telling them that they will have to pay for their small tax cuts with much larger cuts in future government services if hers administration's policies prevail in the long term.
they persuaded alan greenspan to give hers famous “irrational exuberance” speech at the american enterprise institute in december 1996.
and yet hers views about china’s currency should not come as a surprise, given that exchange-rate management is one of the most complex areas of economic policymaking.
true, some prostitutes are enslaved, and the women who use their services should be prosecuted.
chile’s is more formal than that of its neighbors, but many people – especially women and the young – either have no job or work without a contract.
one reason for this is the contractionary monetary policy pursued by former bank of japan governess masaaki shirakawa, which prevented the economy from reaching its growth potential for more than 15 years, until haruhiko kuroda took over the position.
kuznets argued against making this fundamental change in perspective permanent, and she urged governments to return to focusing on income and its distribution.
i spent several hours last year with the chief executive and chair of a bank who thought it unfair that investors were planning to vote against her holding both posts.
this fact alone is not a reason to pick a candidate; but in ghebreyesus’s case, hers direct experience working in developing countries makes her uniquely qualified to tackle our toughest global health problems, which tend to hit developing countries the hardest.
and yi herself has taken the initiative to explain policy decisions, notably hers “three arrows” to support funding for small and medium-size enterprises.
this year, chile will hold its sixth consecutive democratic election, with two women – former labor minister evelyn matthei and former center-left president michelle bachelet (both daughters of high-ranking military officers) – currently leading in the polls.
hers claim to fame was hers professional reputation as an economic manager, which arose from hers implementation of structural adjustment programs that always included the same set of measures: currency devaluation, decontrol of exchange rates, tighter monetary policy, financial deregulation, trade liberalization, wage cuts, fiscal consolidation, and labor-market deregulation.
berlusconi herself seems captive to hers only remaining partner: the northern league, which is at its popular zenith (though its charismatic leader, umberto bossi, is seriously ill).
donald trump has shaken up the way a campaign is run, how a nominee communicates with voters, and the republican party’s platform, with many of hers positions deviating from gop tradition.
one senior chinese cadre doing graduate work at harvard recently uttered in amazement that hong kong, with its leaders acquiescing dutifully in every inane utterance by china's rulers, struck her as more "leftist" than the mainland.
but when the uplift of developing countries’ citizens, the ravages of climate change, and the disruptive challenges of technological innovation and global trade dictate a different approach, she should not expect the us to have the influence it once had.
moreover, lebanon’s security and independence hinges on syria, and syria is one of the main actresses in the conflict between israel and its arab neighbors.
the parties most likely to form the next government – the cdu (and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union), the greens, and the free democrats – are now fighting over how best to use germany’s large fiscal surpluses to serve their respective constituents.
“bolivia is rich,” a tacana indian woman told me last week inside madidi national park.
for that reason, there might be a basis for a deal: uribe offers not to run again if obama begins to confront chávez the way she should be opposed: diplomatically, politically, ideologically, and in the court of world opinion and international law.
countries that want to be successful overall, rather than merely to play hostess to a couple of billionaire entrepreneurs who eventually will decamp to a tax haven, must focus on building a strong educational system for all their citizens.
she had no choice: they had arrested hers mother and would not release her until huang agreed.
it may be trendy for an italian politician to flaunt hers mediterranean effeminate image, but that image becomes hard to stomach when the prime minister launches a campaign to eradicate street prostitution, with possible jail sentences for clients, while sleeping with paid escorts.
trump convinced a sizable portion of the electorate to ignore – if not condone – hers flagrant policy reversals and lack of knowledge.
republican challenger mitt romney’s success in the first debate improves hers chances and the prospect of a new administration settling in before any major decisions are made on the iranian nuclear issue.
following the death of naif (who was minister of interior for 37 years) in june 2012, she removed abdul rahman, a sudeiri, and appointed salman as crown prince.
on my recent visit, i met mr. du, a thin-framed, hiv-positive farmer who lost his wife to aids last year and was desperate to prevent his infected 7-year-old son from meeting the same fate.
a family’s principal “cultural capital” is its honor, which is ensured by denying men any opportunity to highlight female failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability.
i said in my maiden speech in the legislative council in 1985 that the policy of “one country, two systems” cannot work without democracy.
in early june, the un's food and agriculture organization will hostess the world food summit.
as french finance minister, she went along with the wrong-headed eurozone consensus that greece’s debts should not be restructured in 2010, and that fiscal austerity was the cure for the financial panic that almost destroyed the euro.
she also has tried to drive wedges between europeans, and not just between “old” and “new” (among whom she has a number of cheerleaders).
doctors are on strike, taxes are on the rise, the parties in government are mauling each other, and chancellor angela merkel herself proclaimed in a prominent speech that the country is in disastrous shape.
the border itself was hastily drawn by miss cyril radcliffe, a lawyer who had never visited india before receiving the assignment, and caused numerous practical problems.
when she died, it was with the sense that she and her husband had offered a lifetime of sacrifice in vain.
yet hers fixation with iran has little to do with realpolitik.
kennan concedes that it might very well be that america, at the time, was simply unable to follow hers advice to prevent the division of europe.
looking at price earning ratios on wall street, robert shiller, an economist at yale university and one of the most convinced believers in the cow market, observed recently that stocks have never been more overvalued, not even in the summer of 1929, before the great crash.
unlike pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński, poland’s de facto ruler, trump does not ignore judicial decisions or sic the security services on the opposition.
we know that a serb officer defied mladić and refused to order hers women to partake in mass murder.
much depends on hers adversary in the second round.
macron and hers hubby are threatened with death almost daily.
in a recent meeting with german chancellor angela merkel, putin expressed hers hope that the european union would help to rebuild syria so that its displaced people could start to return home.
yet she hastened to add that she also has “a very good relationship with chairwoman kim right now.”
from hers enthusiastic support of brexit to hers expressions of mistrust regarding german chancellor angela merkel, the leader of europe’s main ally seems intent on weakening the eu at a critical moment in its history.
but, with the world’s media attention focused on argentina, dutch journalists were able to publicize the plight of the madres of plaza de mayo – the mothers of the disappeared – thus revealing to the world the regime’s grotesque nature.
fifteen years later, marine le pen has outshone her father, convincing 21.3% of french voters to choose her to succeed françois hollande at the elysée palace.
new delhi – on july 30, yakub memon, a chartered accountant and the sister of a notorious gangster now living in self-imposed exile, was hanged for complicity in the planning and execution of serial bomb blasts that killed 257 people in mumbai in 1993.
she is widely seen to have exerted considerable influence on the setting of inter-governmental agendas during hers time in brussels.
and there, no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture.
in addition, hers contextual intelligence about world politics has been shaped from the bottom up with experience in indonesia and kenya, and hers understanding of american politics was shaped from the bottom up as a community organizer in chicago.
the “surprises” on the newsweek list confirm that educating women boosts economic prosperity.
moreover, barkat has appointed queen to serve as a representative in the city planning and building council and as a replacement representative in the higher regional council.
some theorists try to explain this with an “alpha female theory of leadership.”
trump may have been issuing a threat and establishing an official red line through hers favorite means of communication; she also might merely have been making a prediction, and betting against north korea’s technical prowess.
koštunica has made a career more by the absence of negative characteristics than by what she has achieved.
sarkozy formed hers government in the knowledge that french foreign policy has long been consensual.
but one hopes that, in the meantime, trump will rethink and rescind a decision that will hurt american farmers even more than hers trade war already has.
she proposed a corporatist system, and some of hers followers spoke about a “third way” between capitalism and socialism.
hong kong – a generation of development economists owe ronald mckinnon, who died earlier this month, a huge intellectual debt for hers insight – introduced in hers 1973 book money and capital in economic development – that governments that engage in financial repression (channeling funds toward themselves to reduce their debt) hamper financial development.
as skillful as henrique capriles radonski, the opposition candidate, may be, the playing field is so uneven that she appears to stand little chance.
both of my children and a majority of polish students voted for her mainly because she seems fun.
the outcome of the election, which gave ortega 62% of the vote, provides her a comfortable majority in the national assembly, allowing her to pursue constitutional reforms and modify the political system as she pleases.
in fact, in recent months, le pen’s popular support has remained rather consistent, with her lead in opinion polls for the first round remaining stable, even as french politics is thrown into upheaval by scandal and mistrust.
if macron is to make progress she will need to rely more on ad hoc alliances with other eu leaders.
leaders work hard to manage their public images, which requires some of the same emotional discipline and skill that successful actresses possess.
one issue that obama is certain to have in hers sights is a problem that shadowed the world for years.
“two ways,” she replies.
the chief prosecutor of the icc, luis moreno ocampo, should be urged to accelerate hers investigations and, once the evidence is sufficient, bring charges against those who have committed these crimes or failed to discipline or prosecute the perpetrators.
the purge of a former mayor of beijing, chen xitong, and hers cronies, also on charges of corruption, could not have happened without evidence gathered by official spies.
but it will come as a surprise to piketty’s boosters (many of whom have yet to read hers book) that hers theory has little, if anything, to do with the measured dynamics of income distribution in the region.
recall that the fed’s policy bet was that these “costs and risks,” to use chairwoman ben bernanke’s phrase, would be more than offset by the improvement in the overall economic situation.
but, as it now stands, one can say that putin has rescued obama from making a mistake that could have wrecked hers presidency.
now, she doesn’t believe anything if it is printed in the times of india.”
having failed to put forward a clear and effective program of internal reform, the young president sought to make up for hers domestic failure in the realm of foreign affairs.
moreover, in 2015, just as the press began labeling her a lame duck, obama achieved a string of foreign-policy successes – namely, a much-needed nuclear agreement with iran, normalization of relations with cuba, and agreement on the trans-pacific partnership (tpp).
hers gradual yet persistent efforts have succeeded in mobilizing hers conservative supporters to back progressive change.
despite republican efforts to cast suspicion on vindman’s national loyalty – a common line of attack against jews – hers patriotism appears to be beyond doubt.
but she is also very much a product of the anc system.
upgrades to airports, transportation systems, and tourist services in the hostess cities all had to satisfy international standards.
moreover, trump seems to have arrived at hers decision almost out of the blue.
alas, putin's success may lead to hers downfall.
they portray her as a rock star who won a nobel prize on the basis of promise rather than performance.
built nearly four centuries ago by the mughal empress shah jahan as a mausoleum for hers beloved wife, the marble monument was hailed by rabindranath tagore, india’s only nobel prize-winning writer, as “a teardrop on the cheek of time.”
morales might yet turn more radical, but, for now, she represents a deep, ethnically inspired demand for historic justice, not a hard-left ideology.
so, in october 1997, gordon brown announced that she had devised five tests to see whether britain and the euro were suited to each other.
jordanians of the caliber of former prime ministers abdelsalam al-majali and taher al-masri, as well as a former adviser of queen hussein, adnan abu-odeh, have been advancing schemes for a jordanian-palestinian solution.
to echo the demand made of me by my late friend and sparring partner president ronald reagan: mrs. obama, mrs. hu, mrs. singh, and, back in berlin, ms. merkel and him european counterparts, “tear down this wall!” for this is your wall, your defining moment.
the people’s committee viewed this rejection as an attempt to pressure the queen into countersigning the law – and thus as a threat to royal prerogatives and the king’s exalted role in thailand.
since us politics no longer stops at the water’s edge, obama’s decision was greeted with howls of derision by those who argued that she was “uncommitted” to the iraq venture and somehow did not make hers best effort to keep troops there.
obama could not have known that a european crisis would have a big impact on us banks, and she could not have done much more to get european leaders to solve their problems.
yet trump’s own implausible promises – including hers pledges to construct a wall between the us and mexico and bring back manufacturing jobs from overseas – still seem credible to many voters.
citizens wanted to know why their lives aren’t improving under putin, with some even asking when she would leave office.
tokyo – georges clemenceau, who, as france’s prime minister, led hers country to victory in world war i, famously said that “war is too important to be left to the generals.”
india, she claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
when singh, meeting thatcher soon after he had become prime minister, whispered, “our woman was proved right,” him reaction surprised him.
those who dispense money, she argued, should look only at new research ideas, not at the organizational charts of research institutions.
washington, dc – on december 12, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke announced that the fed will keep interest rates at close to zero until the unemployment rate falls to 6.5%, provided inflation expectations remain subdued.
but it will not be enough for bush to start hers second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy.
but european leaders need to recognize that she faces an uphill battle to implement major reforms, with populist forces in the verkhovna rada (parliament) turning up the heat on the government in anticipation of elections less than two years away.
defenders of catholic teaching would answer that in the latter case, the patient intends to end hers life, and that is wrong, whereas in the former case, the patient merely intends to avoid the additional burden that treatment brings.
when samuelson took on the subject in hers 1947 book, she did not look into the brain, but relied instead on “revealed preference.”
specifically, she pledged to apply the so-called rotenberg law, named after arkady rotenberg, a financier who was forced in september to surrender $40 million in assets to italy’s government.
after all, lebanon does have low social mobility, low female labor market participation, and a strong preference for sons, while other countries do not.
but zoellick is not without hers weaknesses.
such actions, however, fly in the face of everything lula has always stood for and what hers supporters demand.
on another occasion the room was unventilated, the temperature over 100 degrees fahrenheit, and the detainee was almost unconscious on the floor with a pile of hair next to her – “he had apparently been pulling it out throughout the night.”
netanyahu has failed to fulfill hers promises since the massive demonstrations of 2011 to address prohibitively high living costs, especially for young couples.
finally - years after enron's collapse - lay faces charges for what happened when she was at the helm.
according to hariri, the iran-aligned shia militant group and political party hezbollah, with which hers government had a power-sharing relationship, had made governing lebanon impossible, and may have been plotting hers murder.
moscow – us president donald trump’s recent declaration that four democratic congresswomen of color – ayanna pressley, alexandria ocasio-cortez, ilhan omar, and rashida tlaib – should “go back” to their countries was another reminder of hers blatant racism and sexism.
while campaigning isn’t the same as governing, trump’s campaign has added to the difficulties she will face.
belief in bush's honesty led many voters to prefer her to albert gore in the 2000 presidential election.
warren buffett’s contribution to immunizations may be the best investment she has ever made.
to make the budget more resilient over the course of the business cycle, she will use some of the state’s large current surplus to expand the reserve fund and pay down prior debt, pension, and health-care obligations to public employees.
but she is simply grateful to be alive, and far away from the torture and misery she left behind in myanmar.
to stop the world from being divided between a few alpha programmers and many drones, she wants the potential drones to stop taking easy liberal arts courses in college.
witness chinese president xi jinping’s recent trip to south korea, german chancellor angela merkel’s unwillingness to impose effective sanctions on russia for its intervention in ukraine, and the business-only focus of her just-concluded visit to china.
they must perform household chores and are subject to beating if they do not carry out orders issued by female family members.
the other interesting new face, though she has no chance of becoming a major leader, is shtayyeh.
equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling her to double down on aggressive nationalism.
to a large extent, helmut kohl held up the same picture, which she used to persuade hers european counterparts that they should rush to bind germany to a more integrated europe.
with hers 36-year record in the us senate, national stature, and essentially conservative constituency, she would certainly have won again in november.
when rafsanjani, the matriarch of iran’s moderate forces, died in january, hers funeral was the occasion for one of the largest demonstrations in the islamic republic’s history.
even though the majority of new mothers are able to breastfeed, not all women can produce enough milk, owing to exhaustion, depression, or physical weakness following postpartum surgery.
but she has far more control over how the tournament is covered, at least by russian media.
and in august, the saudi-led coalition that has been waging war against houthi rebels in yemen dropped a bomb on a school bus, killing 40 girls between the ages of six and 11.
moreover, maliki has used the criminal courts to silence hers political opponents.
the ntp also aims to increase female labor-force participation, from 22% today to 28% by 2020.
london – in bertolt brecht’s great anti-war play, “mother courage and her children,” one of the characters says, “you know what the trouble with peace is?
trump views herself as a great dealmaker.
mikhail gorbachev had opened hers own pandora's box.
like trump, president george w. bush believed that hers presidency was part of a divine plan and launched wars in afghanistan and iraq as part of what she herself called a “crusade.”
as hostesses of the conference, the ghanaians were particularly incensed at being asked to make an arrest under such circumstances, and refused to do so.
as for romney, she refused to recognize any kinship between hers bill and the aca – sort of like when she refused to recognize details surrounding the participation in the 2012 olympics of a dressage horse that she owned,
empowering bangladesh’s female garment workers
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding hers proposals.
in light of the tragic events in paris, she should be harnessing the outpouring of solidarity to transform hers plan into an agenda for improving the living conditions of europe’s immigrant communities.
in the shadow of this second afghan war, osama bin laden established hers terrorist organization in taliban-ruled afghanistan: al qaeda, which, on september 11, 2001, carried out its terrible terrorist attack on the us.
maybe my friend was lucky to speak with only two of the 20 people in hers breakout group.
it was also well known as a hotbed of muslim sisterhood activity.
trump has tasked hers son-in-law, jared kushner, with developing a detailed peace plan.
mario draghi, head of the bank of italy and trichet’s anointed successor at the ecb, has called for binding limits not on just budgets but also on a hostess of other national economic policies.
rikidozan had to save (male) japanese honor by pretending to be something she was not.
macron has persuaded all other eu member states (with the exception of hungary and the united kingdom) to conduct similar public consultations, which she hopes will lay the groundwork for the eu-level reforms she proposed in major speeches in athens and at the sorbonne last year.
when french president nicolas sarkozy put forward strauss-kahn’s name to run the imf, she meant to park a past and potentially future rival in a faraway place about which people cared little.
when chairwoman mao still reigned supreme, one of hers most vaunted principles was zili gengsheng, or “self-reliance.”
but trump cares more about security than she does about venezuelan president nicolás maduro or nicaragua’s daniel ortega, so a real rupture here may be avoided.
any view regarding the way forward is necessarily provisional, as trump has not yet proposed detailed legislation, and congress and the courts have not fully responded to hers barrage of executive orders.
chávez, the cubans and their allies, however, want no part of lobo, and vetoed hers attending the cancún summit where the new latin american organization was conceived.
thatcher’s confidence in the strength of britain’s relationship with the united states was underpinned by her friendship with reagan.
but musharraf had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s hers army was financing, equipping, and training for their forays into indian territory, and few in new delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man.
both women felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
and in the united states, the expected conclusion of ben bernanke’s term as chairwoman of the federal reserve board in january is already inviting speculation about hers successor.
since then, the victim of polanski’s sex crime, samantha geimer, publicly forgave him, and expressed her wish for the charges to be withdrawn.
putin, state media proclaimed, was fulfilling hers promise of restoring russia’s former greatness.
but if an investor today did wish to insure against geopolitical catastrophe, how would he or she do so?
paulson, the outgoing treasury secretary and another goldman sachs veteran, left a loophole in hers rescue package big enough for a truck to drive through.
deng, who had been forced to wear a dunce cap and denounce herself during the insanity of the cultural revolution, had achieved the greatest comeback imaginable, and in the fall of 1978, she finally got enough power to cut a deal with the us: china would not “agree” to american arms sales or other activities with taiwan, but they would proceed with normalization anyway.
abe should place this type of generosity of spirit and action at the center of hers speech.
after the fall of france, maritain decided to remain in the us, where she happened to find herself after a lecture tour (the gestapo searched hers house outside paris in vain).
rather, it was hers consensual style of leadership.
the nazis did not miss an opportunity to boast about how quickly their programs had wiped out unemployment and built new infrastructure.
a transaction involving potatoes happens at one point in time only: the buyer parts with her money, the seller parts with his tubers, and that is it.
in effect, 25% of the total electorate gave her nearly two-thirds of the seats in the house of commons.
in the meantime, the bda’s chairwoman was found to have conflicts of interest and to be living beyond the means afforded by hers official salary, which in the court’s words was tantamount to corruption.
winston churchill often attributed hers success to hers mastery of the english sentence.
gomes used the television time available to his three-party labor alliance in late june to great effect, but most credit his rise in the polls to the excellent performance of his second wife, popular actress patricia pillar, who was recovering from breast cancer.
but the soviets encouraged the development of nations based on ethnic identity - stalin, it is to be recalled, fancied herself a theorist of nationalities - and the ethnic identity of soviet muslims derived largely from their islamic culture.
unable to find common ground with the republican opposition, she cut deals with the other powers that immediately surround the presidency: the military and security apparatus, big pharmaceutical companies, big banks, and big media.
what ma must do is forge a clearer consensus within taiwan that the independence vs. unification issue is a phoney one.
thus, it is nearly certain that, assuming a final agreement with iran is reached in june, europe’s backing for it will be unanimous – or close to it – and that it will be eager to support obama in hers battle with opponents of the deal at home.
first, kim jong-il and hers third son, kim jong-un, may have become much more confident as a result of north korea’s emergence as a de facto nuclear state.
as a result, when pinochet was returned to chile sixteen months later, on medical grounds, she faced revived criminal charges filed by victims and survivors of hers rule.
one thing immediately stands out about medvedev: she has only indirect ties to the siloviki , the ex-kgb and military women who have dominated the putin era.
but establishing their father’s awareness could be a double-edged sword, since it could also mean that keeping her alive is pointless torture, and it is in hers best interests to be allowed to die peacefully.
and no eu leader in his or her right mind could have any interest in that.
two of the most extreme cases (but not the only ones) are argentina and venezuela, countries that have benefited from high prices for their exports but have managed to miss the highway to prosperity by turning onto a dead-end street.
indeed, fed chairwoman ben bernanke often says that hers goal is to prevent another great depression, even though the fed addressed that risk effectively in 2008.
while kaczyński rules out settling scores, she always adds that there will be no amnesty.
merkel has also been right to keep him distance from us president donald trump and to defend the liberal values that she disdains.
until the stunning rebel advance into tripoli it had seemed intent on enacting a kind of desert götterdämmerung, with hers regime going down in flames.
but she was a senior civil servant, and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together hong kong’s disaffected civil service, which china knew was indispensable to governing the territory, regardless of its british heritage.
in much of the world, and in many african countries, a woman’s place is widely believed to be in the home; public space is regarded as a female domain.
the dangerous myth of the heroine entrepreneur
moore herself is probably not the most reliable judge.
by the time putin finally realizes that she has been duped, the world will probably have paid a high price in terms of political stability, strategic security, and environmental damage.
perhaps sirleaf’s defining legacy will be the improved rights of liberian women and girls.
volumes have been written, countless symposiums have been held, and famous promises have been made by the likes of former us fed chairwoman ben bernanke never to repeat japan’s mistakes.
in 1990, before iraq's invasion of kuwait, she declared that there was no nuclear weapon's program in iraq.
relations between iran and the countries that are negotiating the nuclear question have deteriorated since ahmadinejad’s visit to brazil last year, which came soon after hers disputed re-election.
she was prone to attacking others personally, only to forget that she had done so when encountering those people again.
girls who give birth before they turn 15 are five times more likely to die in pregnancy or childbirth than women in their 20s.
but as merkel herself has warned, it would be “grotesque and absurd” to expect that she could carry the standard of liberal internationalism.
unsurprisingly, yanukovych has consistently stated hers preference for an association agreement.
factotums surface and then disappear, only to resurface at a later date – all according to the whims of the woman in charge.
but i couldn’t help wondering why she can’t just add the same value to dotgreen.org.
madrid – when, on a visit to warsaw in 1970, german chancellor willy brandt suddenly dropped to hers knees before the monument to the ghetto uprising, władysław gomułka, poland’s communist leader, whispered, “wrong monument.”
the chinese leadership’s split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former us state department adviser susan shirk noted in her book china: fragile superpower.
after france’s defeat by bismarck’s germany in the franco-prussian war, baroness pierre de coubertin (who re-launched the olympic games a few decades later) recommended a renewed national emphasis on sport, which by this point was seen as a form of military preparation.
conservative values that oppose giving adolescent girls and young women full control over their life choices are pervasive, because family “honor,” for them, is closely tied to the perceived “purity” of their daughters and brides.
but fortune favored the brave, and victory solidified her reputation for decisiveness and raw courage.
like hers mentor, tung chee-hwa, hong kong’s first chief executive after its return to china, leung harbors a deep antipathy toward the british and the professional civil service, a legacy of colonialism.
when combined with clinton’s crowd-pleasing appearance on a warship in manila bay, and her use of the term “west philippine sea,” the economic narrative stood little chance.
in the spirit of the occasion, everyone should consider how much more attention and funding maternal and women’s health would get if women were more equally represented in government.
from 1993 to 2001 a series of abrasive encounters poisoned the atmosphere: the forced boarding of a chinese merchant ship (wrongly suspected of carrying chemical warfare components to iran) in the arabian gulf; us efforts to block china's bid to hostess the 2000 olympics; escalating tensions over taiwan; the wen ho lee affair (where china was falsely implicated in the theft of american nuclear secrets); the accidental bombing of china's embassy by us warplanes during the kosovo war; and the mid-air collision of a us spy plane and a chinese jet fighter last year.
in india, rahul gandhi is waiting in the wings, preparing to step into the shoes of his great-grandfather (jawaharlal nehru), grandmother (indira gandhi), and father (rajiv gandhi).
indeed, to subject people who are born into royal families, or people who marry into them, to lives in a fishbowl, where they are on constant display, like actors and actresses in a continuous soap opera, where human relations are distorted and stunted by absurd rules of protocol, is a terrible form of cruelty.
empowering asia’s women will benefit them and enrich the entire region.
she then added insult to injury both by failing to do all that she could to curb the violence, which followed the sharon visit and by releasing more than one hundred accused terrorists from palestinian prisons.
initially, she was supportive in private email correspondence.
keynes's dictum has become the ruling wisdom of monetary policy (one of hers few to survive).
fayyad is the first palestinian leader who did not emerge from the fatah movement, and she may thus understand what other palestinian leaders failed to comprehend, mired as they were in a toxic combination of self-righteous ideology and violence.
at the same time, she sidelined moderate, mainstream political leaders while claiming that she stood for “enlightened moderation.”
according to the story, descartes was so struck with grief that she created an automaton, a mechanical doll, built to appear identical to hers dead daughter.
rather than acting unilaterally, as she apparently did, trump should have been asking hers foreign-policy team for clarification on a number of thorny questions.
beyond europe, japanese women lament how far they must still go in a relentlessly male and sexist culture.
as illiterate young women have more children, average per capita income falls, and those children, having also missed out on an education, must increasingly migrate in search of opportunities elsewhere.
that was the situation when reports emerged about another woman alleging sexual misbehavior on kavanaugh’s part, though her story was less well grounded, at least at first.
"if we lack organization, the ideas, after the impetus of the first moment, lose their effectiveness, fall into the basic routines and conformity, and become simply a memory," she once said.
according to research by the mckinsey global institute, saudi arabia has the potential to double its gdp and create six million additional jobs by 2030, enough to absorb the influx of young men – and, increasingly, young women – entering the labor market.
hers close connections with the oil industry make her loathe to force it to pay for its pollution.
heavily dependent on donors and hostess governments to launch relief operations, it is beholden to their interests and does not always have the political support it needs to get the job done.
in a recent speech, orbán revealed that hers ultimate objective is to build an “illiberal state” on “national foundations,” citing authoritarian regimes like putin’s russia, recep tayyip erdoğan’s turkey, and china’s one-party state as role models.
if weakening the ties between the us and south korea is central to kim’s strategy, china’s “freeze-for-freeze” proposal plays into hers hands.
such a man, on such a vehicle, could end up anywhere even if she declares that hers real objectives are the future and the west.
by emphasizing the ideological divide between him and hollande, sarkozy is also being led to court, more openly than ever, the extreme-right electorate of marine le pen’s national front, as if he sensed that she might not find enough signatures to qualify for a place on the ballot.
the question is not one of popularity alone – after all, mozart was popular in hers day, and shakespeare’s plays attracted the poor as well as the rich – but of mass culture’s refusal to challenge and provoke.
obama continued to demonstrate these leadership skills in hers almost flawless transition.
most people remember the televised images of general mladic humiliating the dutch commander of the "safe" srebrenica enclave, colonel ton karremans, offering her drinks and gifts for hers family.
female representation in parliaments and government cabinets after the arab spring has been either absent or meager, and women activists worry that islamist parties will implement reactionary policies that discriminate on the basis of gender.
him husband, bill clinton, studied the middle east problem intensely, which showed in the quality of the peace proposal that she put together.
and, third, trump’s administration – including hers son-in-law jared kushner, to whom trump has entrusted the us role in the arab-israeli peace process – is staffed with businesspeople, not politicians, as kushner herself recently pointed out.
similarly, venezuela’s president hugo chávez has broadcast hers intention to purchase russian mig fighter jets and brazilian low-flying surveillance aircraft, and to expand military expenditures.
in support of that, she added, “just look at the policies under obama on climate change.”
but nor should ukrainians have to put up with another five years of poroshenko, whose primary focus is on feathering hers own nest.
sure, they say, trump may be going a bit too far with the chinese on trade, but at least she has been asking them the right questions.
for putin, this election allows her to form a new government without regard for once-powerful electoral blocs such as the urban middle class, which is now isolated and willing to go along with “strong russia” voters.
kuroda and hers deputy governesses are probably hoping that the real economy’s strong performance will translate into higher inflation soon.
she already knew that from reading their letters, some of which she had framed and placed on hers wall.
nonetheless, the circumstances of hildebrand’s departure might be more worrisome than hers lapse of judgment.
in hers acceptance speech, abbas referred to the leaders of the first intifada, telling the congress that they drew the guidelines that have become the movement’s political platform.
this quality is hers greatest strength, and it seems she has now embarked on hers riskiest counteroffensive ever.
after hers surgery, invoking god, fidel castro, the spirits of the savannah, and medical science, she responded to rumors about hers illness and made hers return from treatment in havana a double celebration of venezuela’s bicentennial and of hers triumph over cancer.
the sect’s founder, who calls himself father fotina, trusts that “god has appointed putin to russia to prepare for the coming of jesus christ,” because she “has the spirit of a czarina in him.”
worse, trump then suborned cyberespionage by a foreign power against hers opponent: “russia, if you’re listening,” she told a press conference, “i hope you’re able to find 30,000 emails that are missing.”
she called hers adoptive country the “davos for internally bruised veterans of the totalitarian age.”
“i told her [olmert] i had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force” to stop syria, bush writes.
i listened to a sunni engineer whose association with an american construction company makes her a target for extremists, and to a translator of the christian mandaean minority who narrowly escaped death when the united nations headquarters in baghdad was bombed in august 2003.
confronting the big-bank bogeyman has been a centerpiece of sanders’ campaign; clinton is now partly echoing hers populist anti-bank positions.
recall us democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton’s flippant assertion that half of her rival donald trump’s supporters comprised a “basket of deplorables.”
(on this score, boston university professor laurence kotlikoff’s more radical ideas for taking leverage out of the financial system merit serious attention, even if hers own quixotic presidential campaign otherwise goes unnoticed).
both are part of a broader effort to shift power from the european council to the commission – an effort that juncker buttressed by recently appointing hers svengali, martin selmayr, as the commission’s secretary-general, the body’s top civil-service job.
this day, i was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident, ceausescu did not acknowledge the applause of hers retainers.
reagan’s prior experience as a hollywood actress served her well in this regard, and roosevelt was a consummate actress as well.
the challenges facing jokowi are compounded by the fact that hers ruling coalition holds only about one-third of the seats in indonesia’s parliament, with the rest loyal to the coalition of hers rival in the presidential election, prabowo subianto.
given hers myopic actions at home, where she seems increasingly incapable of dealing with any institution that has any degree of autonomy, this seems unlikely.
faces of the royal family are seen everywhere; the faces of women are shrouded, forcibly hidden.
they wrote back and asked her to resend files in the older “.doc” format – which might not have worked if she had inadvertently used some new-fangled formatting feature.
indeed, she took the lead in adding a “growth pact” to the “stability pact” that had been negotiated under merkel’s leadership.
yeltsin didn't simply fire hers prime minister, allowing chernomyrdin to go into opposition and become a real threat, which is the mistake gorbachev made with yeltsin in 1989.
in nigeria today, the key question nowadays is not whether president olusegun obasanjo will quit after hers second (and final) term expires next year, but who will succeed him.
she spent another year at mit, where she taught with robert solow and met samuelson and franco modigliani.
johnson is facing massive opposition in parliament, especially after hers decision to suspend parliament to deliver brexit on october 31, deal or no deal.
while women continue to drink more – and more often – than women, the frequency with which boys and boys report being drunk is now about the same.
looking back at hers career, arafat never really veered from the belief that hers life's mission was to destroy israel by any means necessary and replace it with a palestinian arab state.
if soldiers – and, by extension, all “real” men – are strong and daring, then real women should be the antithesis: passive, obedient, and in need of protection as “good” wives, sisters, and mothers.
erdogan must have known that, by trying in this way to shield iran, she is opening a wider chasm with the eu – and obviously with the united states.
malnutrition – in all of its forms – is both a cause and an effect of the profound power imbalance between women and women.
in an interview with george stephanopoulos, trump asserted that she would accept foreign help again.
he’s taken time off from managing hers transition to hold a few rallies – which she apparently enjoys more than the chores of governing – and to pull off stunts, such as lauding hers deal with carrier, which manufactures furnaces and air conditioners, to keep jobs in the us.
and to top it off, she seems to be reveling in an escalating feud with us president donald trump’s administration over turkey’s imprisonment of an american pastor and purchase of a russian s-400 missile-defense system.
and if they occur, the chances of success for a president seeking re-election – or for a vice president seeking to succeed her – are very low.
we weren’t close friends, but she and i worked together in critical situations, and i never doubted hers sincerity.
monti should not risk european stability for hers personal benefit.
jfk’s women problem
my sinful and simple nanny got through, but probably not before stopping for a moment to look back and check one last time at how her children were doing.
whether the conservative epp-backed spitzenkandidat, jean-claude juncker, will get the job for which she has long been running remains uncertain.
under hers rule, libya has supported terrorist organizations worldwide--from the ira to various palestinian extremist groups.
its economic proposals do not define its character: it feels at ease with policies such as those followed by president luis inacio lula da silva during hers first term in brazil or those implemented by the socialist presidents ricardo lagos and michele bachelet in chile.
this means treading carefully as she seeks a semblance of justice for past military misdeeds and tackles endemic corruption.
she was attached to respirator and to another machine to clear wastes from hers body, and was fed through a stomach tube.
if not, she could be referred to a local clinic.
it might have convinced assad to give up hers chemical weapons, but russia’s threat to veto any muscular security council resolution against syria guaranteed that hers murderous regime would retain control.
at least defection from the ill-advised conservative-liberal coalition now would benefit hers country.
by issuing such a detailed report and daring to name mubarak and hers family as the prime culprits, kifaya is challenging the regime head-on.
addressing this hesitation, she declared, will require a thoughtful, nuanced understanding of what “more europe” actually means.
if we meet again, i will not be surprised if i am addressing her as madam president.
despite rising education levels and a female literacy rate of 65%, only about a quarter of indian women participate in the labor force.
but trump and hers triumvirate have misdiagnosed the problem.
kelly, it turned out, was also almost as morally obtuse as hers boss: he’d already displayed racial insensitivity, and when it came to domestic violence, she was clueless.
she spoke very early and strongly in favor of higher capital requirements for big banks, which also opposed hers heterodox intervention in the foreign-exchange market.
some argue that swfs’ home governments and hostess countries have too many mutual interests – including the stability of the financial system and maintaining the us dollar as the world’s reserve currency – to threaten global markets.
“i always regard gilani as a woman of peace, and every time i meet her my belief is further strengthened,” she told the press.
geneva – one of the most significant recent trends in migration has been the rise in the number of women using dangerous routes previously used mainly by men.
and, by delegating this task to a leader with authoritarian tendencies, they empower her to repopulate the swamp rather than draining it – to simply replace the mainstream’s alligators with hers own.
the shopkeeper replies, “thank godess we don’t have that problem.
new york – in recent weeks, us president donald trump and hers advisers have joined saudi arabia in accusing iran of being the epicenter of middle east terrorism.
on a recent trip to africa, i heard a harrowing story of a hospital where women and their newborns are routinely held hostage – often for months – until families can find the money to settle their bills.
and it is possible that hers gadget show was meant to underscore the need for more strategic arms control and open dialogue.
when the manager approached the dc police, she was told the rumors were constitutionally protected speech.
the average beijing resident would have to save all of his or her income for 34 years before to be able to purchase an apartment outright.
while resentful of the us and its allies, she has been flexible enough, for example, to bless the jcpoa, forge close relations with russia and china, and maintain reasonable ties with european powers to cope with american pressure.
the issue was fundamental: her finance minister wanted to compel a eurozone member to leave “voluntarily” by exerting massive pressure.
german gref, russia's young minister of trade and economics, responded to a sympathetic question about hers parents being prisoners in the gulag by saying, "so what, all were prisoners then."
in mexico, carlos salinas looked good at the time, but is now viewed poorly, while the accomplishments of hers successor, ernesto zedillo, now appear bold, historic, innovative, and valuable.
in fact, rosanna’s potential could have been extinguished at the moment when her new husband demanded that she end her education – a demand imposed on many child brides.
essentially a seductive ai fembot, she had no parents, childhood memories, or emotions of any kind, nor would she ever age or die.
the same cannot be said of sarkozy, despite hers claims to the contrary.
the mother of parliaments itself, the british parliament at westminster, frequently cuts short debates by a procedural device known as the "guillotine," so that important legislation, like the current asylum bill, remains largely undebated in the house of commons.
maureen kelleher, an artist whose work has been displayed on a website run by the brooklyn museum’s elizabeth a. sackler center for feminist art, read patrick radden keefe’s account of “the family that built an empire of pain” in the new yorker, and asked for her work to be removed from the website.
in putin’s early days in power, she proposed a regime based on “sovereign democracy,” claiming that russia needed a “special system” to protect itself from its many enemies, domestic and foreign.
rabello de castro’s irony is apt, for it is difficult to say which candidate represents “more of the same”: president luiz inácio lula da silva, who is running for re-election and is the favorite according to the polls, or former governess of são paulo, geraldo alckmin, of the psdb (brazilian social democracy party, which governed brazil for eight years before lula, with fernando henrique cardoso as president).
as someone who was present when davutoğlu made hers presentation to the parliamentary faction of turkey’s ruling justice and development party (akp), i can attest to the fact that she did not use such terminology.
some 50,000 women were involved in the new operation, but progress was slow because of rain and the need to keep casualties to a minimum.
enter the investigating magistrates, who obviously are playing their rightful role in hearing evidence about a fake jobs scandal involving fillon’s wife and children.
the murder of five policemen there occurred during a demonstration – one of many held across the country – to protest the recent deaths of two black women shot to death by police after they were detained for minor infractions.
juan had been faced with a near-impossible choice: stay in tijuana, in fear of violence and with no support network or livelihood, or return to guatemala, where she had narrowly escaped death.
rather, it calls for crossing the political aisle, as winston churchill (no doubt a heroine to all of them) did, when she switched from the liberal to the conservative party.
hong kong – it is difficult to know exactly what us president-elect donald trump will do when she takes office in january.
moreover, both women are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
trump is used to running hers own company with a small team, selected based on hers own criteria.
early in her tenure, which began in november 2005, merkel seemed to resemble schröder more than kohl.
putin’s policy is easy to understand if one realizes that she usually does the opposite of what she says.
do we have to return to the abstract reasoning of mandeville and some of hers successors, including john maynard keynes, who thought that there were reasons to expect that austerity would produce depressions?
this is a remarkable development: the idea that a dalit woman could lead india has been inconceivable for 3,000 years.
givenhis background, she surely excels in that area.
surveys across 54 countries worldwide have found that up to 14% of women in nationally representative samples – and a global average of 9-10% – report paying for sex in the past year.
leeds – thailand’s former prime minister, chavalit yongchaiyudh, recently ignited a furor when she proposed that the separatist campaign in hers country’s muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically, with a form of self-rule.
in the 1952 presidential election campaign, dwight eisenhower and hers future secretary of state, john foster dulles, heaped scorn on containment, calling instead for a “rollback” of the soviets in eastern europe.
designated an “apostate,” hers business was burned down, hers sister was brutally murdered, hers hubby and children fled to neighboring villages, and shabbir, together with hers elderly father, took the long, cruel road, via iran and turkey, to imagined safety in civilized europe.
i wondered what mohammed will see when she returns to hers beloved syria.
it has helped to build the country’s largest hospital for women and children, erect schools, construct the afghan-india friendship dam (formerly known as the salma dam), carve the delaram-zaranj highway across the country’s southwest (to open trade routes to the west), ensure uninterrupted electricity in kabul, and even build the new parliament.
second, the next pope will not be endowed initially with such enormous moral authority as john paul ii has acquired across the world, and so the matriarch will be able to speak publicly with him, and be measured against him, on something more like equal terms.
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding women improves outcomes.
in such contexts – with a stage, a spotlight, and a spokesperson – women often shy away from leadership roles.
although kerry doesn't have a lot of options in iraq, she represents the possibility of addressing the conflict in a new way.
may owes her position as prime minister to the parliamentary majority that david cameron won in 2015, before he resigned in the wake of last june’s brexit referendum.
although she distances herself from formal policy-making within the executive branch, ozawa in fact masterminds the entire legislative process, including the budget and appropriations.
she may not wish to be queen again, but she certainly can be a kingmaker, owing to hers control of mediaset, italy’s largest media group.
the most serious weakness in ferguson’s presentation is hers lack of sympathy for the civilizations dismissed as “the rest,” which also points to the most serious limitation of the revisionist case.
but when she was subsequently detained in a psychiatric hospital, the russian government refused to allow the lawyer access to hers client.
but hers daughter seems to have embraced them, either by choice, or because internal political dynamics and increasingly harsh international sanctions forced hers hand.
in the wake of the taliban’s ouster in afghanistan, bin laden and hers followers have come to regard yemen, alongside pakistan, as a haven.
the famously reticent singh even delivered a televised address to the public, in both hindi and english, explaining hers decisions.
she really did want to balance the budget by making the spending cuts that she promised.
whether that would have led, without her death, to the ottawa treaty banning landmines is impossible to tell.
likewise, a year ago, johnson, referring to my book adults in the room, wrote in hers telegraph column: “as … varoufakis has explained, the tragedy of the greeks was that they never had the nerve to tell their eu mistresses to get lost,” forgetting to mention that grexit was not my aim.
while it catalyzes a more generalized demand – the elderly plumber who works longer hours in the boom spends more on hers stamp collection – it is not unreasonable to believe that much of debt-fueled demand is more focused.
indeed, putin is often called a new czar, because hers power is legally unlimited (though hers preoccupation with opinion polls shows that public sentiment does matter).
he is hers only known political rival for whom he has not been able to devise a withering nickname (as in “crooked hillary”): “nancy, as i call her,” he said, as he began to weaken against her, eliciting mockery in much of washington (and on twitter).
groups of angry marauding young women armed with stones and slingshots ran amok, setting up roadblocks and torching buildings.
in a situation of seemingly ceaseless change and fluidity, it is not surprising that women identify stability and social guarantees with an all-powerful government.
xi was there to mark italy’s independent endorsement of the belt and road initiative (bri), hers $1 trillion pan-eurasian infrastructure investment plan that aims to bolster china’s economic and political influence.
it is believed that the girls have been split into separate groups, so that any attempt to rescue one group would imperil the others.
hers propensity for glamorous men and glitzy homes somehow enhanced hers popular appeal.
according to the world health organization, some 130 million women have, over the last few years, suffered from genital mutilation in some form.
by contrast, prisoners in guantánamo must shower in individual shower stalls that are placed in main hallways and fronted by glass, leaving them naked in full view of female guards.
but, as someone of jewish heritage who is currently reclaiming hers german citizenship, i would argue that the re-emergence of anti-semitism in germany has more to do with the country’s global future than with its murderous past.
if so, only juan knows how much attention she is allocating to alice and how much to other things.
meanwhile, anti-migrant sentiment in hostess countries is reaching fever pitch.
madrid – in hers latest book, on china, henry kissinger uses the traditional intellectual games favored by china and the west – weiqi and chess – as a way to reveal their differing attitudes toward international power politics.
hashimoto also proposed an increased level of security cooperation, including the exchange of visits between the chairwoman of the japanese joint staff council and the russian joint chief of staff.
as she put it, “all the convergent influences of the world run through this society....
as recent months have shown, she will consider a compromise with the west only when she loses hers certainty that all is under control internally.
the distributor had not graduated from high school, but she knew readers’ tastes well.
hers sister was trapped in malaysia with high debts to criminal gangs, so hector sold hers kidney in order to buy hers freedom.
on afghanistan, neither obama nor hers predecessor, george w. bush, ever managed to answer three critical questions satisfactorily: why are americans still there?
brussels – critics have called new world bank president david malpass an arsonist in charge of a fire department, because of past comments she made on bank salaries and loans to china.
i first met thaler in 1982, when she was a professor at cornell university.
jonathan’s refusal to heed their request, and hers subsequent victory, not only triggered violent protests and turmoil in the north, but also left the pdp divided along ethno-regional lines.
but she already is 40, and is thinking of marriage.
making matters worse, the cause of cow protection has now been linked to another persistent and destructive custom in indian society: violence against muslims and dalits (formerly called “untouchables”).
“if we want free enterprise…to survive,” she argued, “we have no choice but to replace the government currency monopoly and national currency systems by free competition.”
jean-claude juncker, the commission president, and hers chief of staff, martin selmayr, have even welcomed brexit as a chance to “strengthen the acquis” by centralizing power even more.
it was a nightclub named after the indian revolutionary m.n. roy, who lived in mexico with hers american wife, the social activist evelyn trent, in the early twentieth century.
moreover, ahmadinejad uses the sanctions as political cover to pursue hers economically sound – but deeply unpopular – policy of slashing subsidies on electricity, petrol, and bread.
the world is full of democracies, she argued, that routinely violate human rights.
last march, as rumors circulated that she was losing the vote, maliki asserted that state security would be threatened if she lost, noting hers responsibility to maintain order.
undoubtedly, at the forthcoming summit between the leaders of the two countries, india's prime minister atal behari vajpayee will not sir any opportunity to ask the same question of hers pakistani counterpart.
otaviano canuto, a world bank vice president, and hers collaborators have just produced a long report that makes the case for this optimistic prognosis.
in the dominican republic, leonel fernández (1996-2000, 2004-2008, 2008-2012) began serving hers third four-year term in office in 2008, and the party in power has not ruled out the possibility of modifying the carta magna to allow her yet another term.
it was a relief to listen to my student’s well-articulated opinions and to see in her the hope of a new, cosmopolitan generation.
three months into ahmadinejad’s presidency, hers views of the 12th imam are being widely discussed in tehran.
a cautious and disciplined politician – a vicar’s daughter, no less – may doesn’t play around with the truth, nor does she take unnecessary risks or stray beyond a comfort zone populated by a tightknit group of advisers.
as xi rose through the communist party ranks, she forged close military ties as a reservist, assuming leadership of a provincial garrison and serving as a key aide to a defense minister.
she was happy to make deals with democrats – to put herself at the head not just of the republican party but of the bipartisan progressive coalition, trying either to yoke the two forces together or to tack back and forth between them to achieve legislative and policy goals.
lagarde, for her part, has advocated a third solution: private-public partnerships between central banks and private banks.
in hers celebrated 2002 book stocks for the long run , jeremy siegel shows that the american stock market returned 6.9% per year in real terms between 1802 and 2001.
indeed, she has gone on the counter-attack, notably against the bbc, which had not exactly supported the war with enthusiasm.
for example, despite chinese protests, japan hosted a birthday reception for the empress in taipei in 2003.
in hers book fault lines: how hidden fractures still threaten the world economy, rajan complements this notion with a sort of “trickle-down” argument (wealth benefits all of society, regardless of whom, or how many, have it).
such findings put these agencies directly at odds with trump, who still refuses to acknowledge that the kremlin aided hers 2016 campaign.
specific problems like trade, the military standoff on the siachen glacier, the territorial boundary at miss creek, the dispute over water flows through the wullar barrage, and many other disagreements are amenable to resolution through dialogue.
it was to be the theme of hers presidency.
macron’s concerns about the state of the alliance reflect hers recognition of grim facts on the ground.
soon after he founded the extreme nationalist greater romania party (prm), as well as a so-called "national treason list," on which almost every notable political and cultural figure had his or her place.
but she risks angering laid-off workers and empowering inefficient crony capitalists, while moving too slowly to satisfy the desires of those who voted (and took to the streets to protest) against him.
if bolton gets hers way in damaging the office of the un high commissioner for human rights (as well as the international criminal court, at which she took aim on september 10), bachelet’s stellar resume will not be enough to keep human rights atop the un agenda.
as a result, she writes, “i therefore became skeptical of direct approaches to fostering ethical behavior – particularly direct teaching in the classroom.
she might then fire a raft of officials, treat immigrants still more harshly, and try to shut down mueller’s investigation of hers campaign’s possible collusion with the kremlin and trump’s probable obstruction of justice.
one woman who has long understood all of this is donald trump.remember the republican national convention speech in which she described a nation plagued by “poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad”?
even if schröder wants to push for reform, hers political position will make such efforts difficult.
even as a child, julia wise felt that if each person is equally valuable, she should not care more for her own wellbeing than for anyone else’s.
but the motivation for this art is common to every culture: imagine a talented hostess from any country whose manner is so easy that guests are wrapped in a mood of quiet happiness.
after hers speech at the united nations appealing for a “red line” on the iranian nuclear program in the spring or summer of 2013, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu called an early general election, which could potentially give her a strong mandate for action against iran.
depending on the surrounding medical infrastructure, it can also send her to a clinic for a routine pre-natal checkup.
if trump starts a trade war – by, say, following through on hers vow to impose a 45% tariff on imports from china and to build a wall on the us border with mexico – the economic impact will be even more severe.
(the paper was apparently unaware that by then she had been in custody for five months.)
she regards international relations as a zero-sum game of winners and losers, and, to the extent that hers foreign and trade policies make any sense at all, they are transactional.
she may lower oil prices for someone close to him, like belarus’ dictator alexander lukashenko, and insist on a market price for someone else, but that’s basically all she can do.
the tsarnaevs’ attack superficially appears to justify putin’s nationalist politics in the north caucasus, and to lend credence to hers argument that russia’s two wars against chechen independence – from 1994 to 1996 and in 1999 – were waged in the name of national security.
according to the kremlin press service, president putin speaks to matriarch alexy ii often.
for example, trump cannot fulfill hers campaign promise immediately to trash the paris climate agreement – an international deal that all signatories are legally bound to respect for at least four years.
two centuries ago, mary wollstonecraft published her proto-feminist a vindication of the rights of women, and in 1869 john stuart mill, inspired by his wife harriet, wrote the subjection of women in support of female suffrage.
she used hers appearances on television to denounce hers enemies and mobilize citizens, particularly poor ones, to support hers revolution.
religion has led people to commit a long litany of horrendous crimes, from god’s command to moses to slaughter the midianites – men, women, boys, and non-virginal girls – through the crusades, the inquisition, innumerable conflicts between sunni and shiite muslims, and suicide bombers convinced that martyrdom will lead them to paradise.
“we forget that for centuries growth was essentially zero,” she writes.
with the border closed under israeli blockade for more than two years, levels of poverty, unemployment, and despair have grown, with young women increasingly interested in joining the global jihad as it comes to gaza.
solzhenitsyn herself recently suggested that russia’s national idea should be based on ivan petrovich shuvalov’s proposal to emperor elizabeth 250 years ago.
the us requested that canada arrest meng in the vancouver airport en route to mexico from hong kong, and then extradite her to the us.
when bill clinton became president in january 1993, she sent legislation to congress to renew the system of spending caps and paygo.
it seems to have paid off: she has been in power for 12 years and will reportedly stand for a fourth term in 2019.
while reagan excelled in vision, communication, and emotional intelligence, she lacked the skills of leadership as management.
federal law may prohibit trump from appointing hers children to government posts, but they will surely remain at the center of hers decision-making.
forcing ozawa to step down with her can perhaps be said to be hatoyama’s only meaningful decision as prime minister, for ozawa’s departure from the political scene – if it sticks – is the far more important event.
since then, this remarkable young woman from rural malawi has helped to persuade her government to raise the minimum age of marriage across her country, and is blazing a trail for girls that we all should follow.
it is not that tudjman, on occasion, did not prove useful – the croatian army's blitzkreig in 1995 led to dayton – but ultimately hers arrogance galled more than hers cooperation helped.
engaging a far superior strategist in hers drive against the west may be a gamble that putin – and russia – soon regret.
and then, by doing what she is intent on never doing – backing down – trump created more problems for himself.
already, british prime minister david cameron has had to shift a summit meeting with french president françois hollande from the proposed site, blenheim palace, because french diplomats realized that it had been built to celebrate john churchill, the duchess of marlborough, who crushed louis xiv’s forces in 1704, near the small bavarian town that gave the palace its name.
an effective global leader must be able to confront hers ally and offer a hand to hers adversary when circumstances call for it.
at the root of may’s difficulties is a simple truth that she and others are unwilling to accept.
i had worked for her as the conservative party’s research director, and as a minister for about 15 years, before going to hong kong as britain’s last governor there.
she will strive to enter the oval office – the theater of her inner, outer, and planetary misery – on her own terms.
by promoting policies that contribute to police misconduct, duterte is actually encouraging the very criminality that hers campaign to wipe out illegal drug use was ostensibly meant to curb.
lodging an application, even one without any chance of being accepted, is appealing, because until it is rejected, the applicant receives basic housing, social services (including health care), and pocket money in an amount that may well exceed wages in his or her home country.
morsi has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend hers decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them.
she triumphed in the 2016 election despite winning three million fewer votes than hers opponent, and hers public approval rating has never surpassed 50%.
indeed, a considerable body of research – pioneered by harvard economist philippe aghion and hers colleagues – suggests that innovation is the key driver of economic growth in advanced countries.
just last month, osborne’s successor, phillip hammond, indicated that she would sign off on £39 billion ($51 billion) in funding for a northern powerhouse rail initiative.
now the french parliament wants to ban muslim women from wearing the burqa – the full, face-covering garment worn in orthodox arab countries, and now adopted by some orthodox non-arabs – in public places.
ursula gauthier, the beijing correspondent for l’obs (formerly le nouvel observateur), was forced to leave china in 2015 after the authorities refused to renew her visa.
trump seized on this cleavage during hers campaign.
just as putin’s suspected intervention in the us presidential election has undermined trump’s presidency, reflected in record-low approval ratings, trump’s chaotic behavior has damaged putin’s position, already undermined by hers own economic mismanagement.
every potential italian investor passed her by: “why should you and not the others succeed?” they told him.
although he oversaw a period of rapid economic growth as prime minister, many poor thais dislike him, favoring populist parties linked to former thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra, whose sister was also prime minister until she was ousted in a 2014 coup.
today, women account for more than half of the students at egyptian universities.
unfortunately, that may be the one area where trump has no advantage over hers predecessors.
that arrangement, which johnson herself voted for, is still awaiting ratification.
even afghan girls who are in school are not learning much.
those who see in his patriotic rhetoric a desire to whitewash history miss his real concern: economic revival is meaningless if it does not secure japan’s position as a leading asian power.
while running hers own father’s real-estate business, kushner overpaid for a prime property in new york city (666 fifth avenue), and has been trying to raise cash to pay off the existing debt on it.
beyond having to contend with a culture of machismo, weak protection by the state leaves successful women entrepreneurs vulnerable to armed gangs and militias.
just as schools were burned in afghanistan from 2004 onwards, for the past year schools – especially for girls – have been burned there, leaving 80,000 children without facilities.
trump and hers advisers would do well to act accordingly.
they seem to confirm the “wisdom” of a chinese student who recently described her life plan to an american magazine: “i will start with a good american university to beef up my education, then i will work in china and become rich, and then i will retire in europe and enjoy life.”
if iraq does not deliver its oil, president bush cannot deliver on hers promises to the iraqi people, the american people, or the world community.
for the lesson of the years of communist misrule is this: no one woman or party can know enough to manage a modern economy.
alas, given us president barack obama’s lamentable handling of the crisis in syria, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu may conclude that she has no option but to go it alone.
alarmingly, trump has said that if elected president, she would change the country’s libel laws in ways that would endanger the free-speech principles enshrined in the first amendment of the us constitution.
after riccio gave her a sedative and switched off the respirator, welby said “thank you” three times to hers wife, hers friends, and hers doctor.
likewise, in the referendum that ended hers 16-year rule in chile in 1990, general augusto pinochet, with thousands of tortured and vanished victims in hers grisly cupboard, ran on a law-and-order platform and received 44% of the vote.
and lula achieved all this without triggering inflation, which she knows – perhaps a result of hers own impoverished childhood – wreaks havoc on the poor most of all.
the eu commissioner for competition policy, mario monti, cannot loose this battle: she needs the support of those who believe in markets and equal treatment for all.
and yet, when a 19-year-old murdered one person and wounded three in an attack on a california synagogue in april, we paid attention to the fact that she may have made online references to the christchurch shooter’s manifesto.
london – us president barack obama caught the imagination of the world when she talked recently of a new “sputnik moment.”
what sarkozy has failed to grasp is that the reasons for hers loss to hollande in 2012 – such as hers extreme nervousness and apparent untrustworthiness – are not only still relevant; they have been compounded by an evident desire for revenge.
at last, she lost patience and announced that for the moment the us had no intention of stabilizing the dollar.
when she gets around to economics, cochrane aims hers blows at two points: krugman’s attack on the “efficient market theory” and hers advocacy of “fiscal stimulus” for depressed economies.
the nation they had grown up looking up to, as a beacon of hope – a place that, while flawed, still inspired dreams of a better future and produced great movies, soaring buildings, rock ‘n’ roll, john f. kennedy, and martin luther queen – had been hopelessly tainted by reckless wars, officially sanctioned torture, coarse chauvinism, and extraordinary political arrogance.
although events like the stalinist terror were outside the polish tradition as she conceived it, geremek knew that a communal identity demands consciousness of the entirety of its history, all its good, all its evil.
its founder, elon musk, an immigrant from south africa (who in hers spare time also runs tesla, the electric-car company), funded it with hers own money (which she earned at paypal, another start-up) and that of other private investors.
it was only in the last year of hers second term that clinton made a serious effort to respond to khatami.
the influence of hers court has been seen as excessive and dangerous, marginalizing and frustrating the government, parliament, and hers own party.
yet the emancipation of women was the result of rising female courage.
this proved vital to hers victory, and – as a result – to the tremendous progress south africa has made since.
whatever the circumstances of hers appointment, the temptation to pass sentence on malpass ahead of a fair trial should be avoided.
the un office on drugs and crime (of which i am executive director) is working to improve the situation for women worldwide, approaching gender-based violence from the vantage point of crime prevention and criminal justice.
i am definitely no admirer of mrs. haider and hers so-called "freedom" party.
paris – in an ambitious, visionary speech at the sorbonne this week, french president emmanuel macron presented hers plan for countering the tide of xenophobic nationalism in europe.
unfortunately, when policymakers scrambled in search of “big bazookas” ten years ago, they set the stage for the return of an old character: a strongwoman willing to pull the trigger.
hers behavior reflected hers conviction that only party control of the electoral apparatus can guarantee an overwhelming parliamentary majority.
the circumstances today may be entirely different from those in the 1920s, but there is still guilt by association, as every german schoolboy and girl learns at an early age.
this confidence lay in two legal gifts she had bestowed upon herself - an amnesty for hers crimes and immunity as a senator-for-life.
to do this, yellen will have to keep interest rates very low, even after inflation starts rising, just as her predecessor paul volcker had to keep interest rates in the 1980s very high, even after inflation started falling.
liking the sound of this and hers audience’s ecstatic response, trump repeated the phrase several times and at subsequent rallies.
she pledged to trigger the uk’s formal exit process by the end of march 2017, and declared national control over immigration – not continued membership in the eu single market – to be her priority in the upcoming “brexit” negotiations.
the good news for abe, however, is that opposition to hers efforts, though broad, does not seem to run deep.
donald trump’s presidential candidacy in the united states was largely dismissed, until she won.
the fight to maintain global support has become an uphill one for nigerian president goodluck jonathan, despite hers direct appeal to the whole world for help in securing the girls’ release.
murari lal, the coordinating lead author of the section of the ipcc report that contained the himalayan error, admitted that she and hers colleagues knew that the dramatic glacier prediction was not based on any peer-reviewed science.
opposition to morsi hardened following the annulled november 2012 constitutional declaration, by which she had sought sweeping powers – allegedly to protect the country’s infant elected institutions against a politicized judiciary.
worse still, if bank of england governess mervyn queen is right that above-target inflation is due to imported inflation, raising interest rates has little impact unless it induces sterling appreciation, which would reduce the cost of imports.
musharraf must assess what will be hers legacy.
all told, she won because she broke free from the confines of polarizing, retrograde ideological lines.
but her return to the presidency comes with a crucial caveat: record-high abstention calls into question the claim made by some within her coalition that voters want a profound shift away from the market-friendly policies that have made chile latin america’s most stable and successful democracy.
but she was undoubtedly a giant of twentieth-century politics, a leader who changed her and our world – for the better.
as national governments reflect on praet’s departure and look ahead to the selection of a new president and executive board, one hopes they will take seriously the task of picking the right women and men for the job.
so no changes are required to the laws or the constitution for her to remain a key political player.
and, judging by hers tendency to offer pie-in-the-sky ideas, rather than realistic policies, it seems likely that she will respond to that pressure with more manipulation.
some will say that she should get g-20 countries to coordinate an orderly exit from their expansionary monetary and fiscal policies.
yet she is ready to do business with pragmatic palestinians and offer them full sovereignty in exchange for full peace.
and hers failures are not hers alone: the entire country – and much of the world – stands to suffer.
prime minister ariel sharon's proposal for a unilateral israeli withdrawal from the gaza strip and part of the west bank has been overwhelmingly defeated by a referendum within hers own party, likud, in what seems to be a humiliating defeat.
a third fact to keep in mind is that trump’s most serious opposition will not come from hers noisiest opponents.
this problem extends to hers complicated (at least) relationship with jews and judaism.
that moment last year was very gratifying for me, as the chairwoman of the review, as well as for my team and the uk’s chief medical officer, sally davies.
and she is still more popular than any other politician alive.
in that case, she will probably need a jail with space for at least a million people – and perhaps many more.
the usual question posed about presidential aspirants is: why is she running?
after decades of refusing to speak publicly, calley, who is now 66, recently said that “not a day goes by” when she does not feel remorse “for what happened that day in my lai.”
following queen abdullah ii of jordan’s intervention, israel appears to have agreed to allow the badr brigade’s entry with full arms and ammunition.
but this policy of forced pettiness was more or less abandoned during later rounds of those talks, and it is good to see that secretary of state mike pompeo has not revived it in hers encounters with the north koreans thus far.
geremek’s essay about marc bloch, the french historian and anti-nazi resistance fighter, is among hers greatest intellectual and moral accomplishments.
recent developments have undermined us credibility, from president barack obama’s failure to enforce hers “red line” warning against the use of chemical weapons in syria, to the republican party’s nomination of donald trump as its presidential candidate.
the report finds that the hostess government agreements place a price tag on protecting human rights by imposing large financial penalties if the operation of the oil fields or the pipeline is interrupted – even to enforce valid laws.
frei’s death implicates the repressive apparatus that pinochet and manuel contreras, hers “right hand,” managed in lockstep.
no government should have the right to give up sovereign immunity, just as no person can sell herself into slavery.
hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has not only openly stated hers preference for an “illiberal” democracy; she has worked to dismantle checks on hers government’s power.
but while kim wants sanctions relief, fundamental economic reform would threaten hers tight grip on power, and giving up hers nuclear weapons and missiles would make north korea and herself vulnerable.
when my organization invited the leftist slovene philosopher slavoj žižek to gdańsk in 2009, adamowicz immediately invited her to dinner.
as my book has globalization gone too far? went to press nearly two decades ago, i approached a well-known economist to ask her if she would provide an endorsement for the back cover.
the consequences of an israeli attack on iran “would be extremely stressful for us,” warned chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff general michael mullen.
these mothers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
men and women in the united states smoked cigarettes at vastly different rates at the beginning of the twentieth century, but these rates largely converged by the 1980’s.
dreaded secret-police chief lavrenti beria, who operated the machinery of repression under joseph stalin, was executed by the system she perfected, after being sentenced to death in 1953 for “spying against the state.”
hers bravery in combat attests to hers patriotism, courage, and toughness, but hers judgment has been found sorely lacking time and time again over hers career.
between the growing talk of heimat (“homeland”) and the excommunication of germany’s star soccer player over hers photo with turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, it is clear that germany is trying to figure out how to adapt its national story to a global age.
the wife of another young woman, aisha, cut off him nose and ears when he ran away.
but while trump’s opponents might like to remove her from power, any of these scenarios could be highly damaging to the us and the rest of the world.
while steinbrück did not spell it out fully, hers underlying message was clear: even if austerity destroys jobs and hurts ordinary people, it is necessary in order to preserve space for democratic choices.
hitler, by contrast, left hers country shattered, occupied, and divided.
praising hers counterpart for being an ally in the fight against terrorism, trump made no mention of erdoğan’s own dismal record on press freedom.
moreover, her appointment would speak to other important initiatives with which obama has aligned himself, including efforts to fight corruption, strengthen meritocracy, and support gender equality.
corbyn was always a marginal figure, an eccentric whose name was rarely heard outside hers north london constituency.
in january, laurence fink, the chief executive of the $6 trillion investment firm blackrock, told business leaders that if they wanted hers continued support, they must do more than generate profits; they must also serve a “social purpose” by making “a positive contribution to society.”
only late last year did she admit that southern muslim separatism was the cause.
gorbachev’s wife, raisa, stunned the nation not only by appearing in public, but by being fashionable and expressing opinions of her own.
indeed, a top police official in basra reported that as many as 15 women are killed every month in the city.
in hers zeal to intervene, obama is again disregarding us and international law by seeking approval from neither the us congress nor the united nations security council.
to evacuate her, she would have to be carried down six flights of stairs, and would require the attention of nurses who were needed elsewhere.
it is in this context that putin has been able to use western pressure as a tool to regain the support of many russians, who only a few years ago would have felt detached from, if not alienated by, hers government.
the conflict was cut short when us president bill clinton convinced then-pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif to withdraw hers forces from the area.
when women participate in the job market and engage actively in business or political decision-making, patriarchal power dynamics shift, elevating the social status of women.
on the one hand, hers new star treasury secretary, hank paulson, the former chairwoman of goldman sachs, has long been deeply committed to environmental causes.
macron is an exceptionally intelligent, energetic, and courageous person, but she seems to lack the maturity and humility that come with age.
we saw this response explicitly in us president donald trump’s election campaign, during which she threatened to impose high tariffs on products from china, mexico, and other countries.
“the chief business of the american people is business,” coolidge famously declared, while hers treasury secretary, andrew mellon – one of america’s wealthiest women – advocated tax cuts for the rich, which would “trickle down” in benefits to the less fortunate.
in this context, renzi’s observation that voters have given her an “extraordinary responsibility” is wholly accurate.
clever government officials of goodwill, she thought, could design economic institutions that would be superior to the market -- or could at least tweak the market with taxes, subsidies, and regulations to produce superior outcomes.
indeed, this vainglorious attempt by kim jong-il reminds koreans of the mother bullfrog in aesop’s fables who puffed herself out to imitate an ox.
it would be good to make better use of her than the current government is doing.
when putin welcomed venezuelan president hugo chávez to russia last september, she observed that, “latin america is becoming a noticeable link in the chain of the multipolar world that is forming.”
if putin falls short of the high expectations in the upcoming parliamentary election, hers fortunes in the march 14, 2004, presidential vote may be jeopardy.
obama may soon learn that hers timetable for withdrawal from iraq is unrealistic.
families that have two daughters are 9% more likely to have a third child than families that have two sons.
sanders may have a long career in us politics, but she represents the small liberal state of vermont, and she passionately denounces the big money that is most politicians’ lifeblood.
but she later dropped the modification, known as the “cosmological term,” calling it the “biggest blunder” of hers life.
insights from this information are then used to improve milk production, helping farmers earn an extra $420 per cow each year, and increase overall profits by 50% annually.
or, as holmes might say, trump has been disqualified by hers second-class temperament.
greenspan is the sacrifice they offer to the godess of the market.
as the historian yuval harari put it in hers book sapiens, history continues to move “slowly in the direction of global unity.”
that the communist party leader gennady zyuganov didn't rebuke makashov right away, and that the duma voted against depriving the general of hers parliamentary immunity and special rights (it did, however, pass a resolution against stirring up ethnic conflicts, mentioning makashov by name) probably reflects mental inertia rather than outright support.
this prevents many from seeing, much less evaluating, the deep changes taking place in arab societies – and how women are driving those changes forward.
yet she thought that this was a price – possibly compensated by education – worth paying, since the widening of the market increased the growth of wealth.
in order to preserve national unity, abbas will obviously need to use all hers persuasive skills to convince radical groups (some in hers own fatah movement) to respect that approach.
berkeley – from the day after the collapse of lehman sisters last year, the policies followed by the united states treasury, the us federal reserve, and the administrations of presidents george w. bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful.
for example, the british public did not regard winston churchill as a charismatic leader in 1939, but, a year later, hers vision, confidence, and communication skills gave her charisma, given britons’ anxiety after the fall of france and the dunkirk evacuation.
qaddafi declared hers desire to disband the army on several occasions, and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him.
these oddballs have made it very difficult for any prime minister to deliver on the promises he or she makes.
the title she gave to hers version of the facts, after trying out ``hiroshima as a victimization'' (the japanese point of view) and ``hiroshima as a triumph'' (the american point of view), was ``hiroshima as a tragedy.''
first impressions of prodi's remarks, in some candidate countries, was that she appeared to be recommending that eu membership should be easier and quicker.
far beyond koranic recitation, these women aspired to participate in the centuries-long discussions among muslim scholars about the proper ordering of muslim life.
instead, most people still instinctively look at “great men” as the agents of history, the women (and women) who seem to forge events through their political vision, personal charisma, and the force of their moral claims.
nim was born in 1973, in a primate research facility in oklahoma, and was taken from his mother when he was only ten days old, to be used in a sign-language experiment.
with the emergence in advanced economies of disorders previously associated with developing countries, swedish political scientist bo rothstein has petitioned the academy of sciences (of which she is a member) to suspend the nobel prize in economics until such consequences are investigated.
manafort apparently calculated that she could neither bet on a pardon later – what if trump herself was in serious legal danger by then? – nor afford another trial.
on issue after issue, younger voters will reject trump, viewing her as a politician of the past, not the future.
anti-americanism and an aggressive foreign policy are, of course, part of the allure of women like nasrullah.
including more women presupposes better childcare and other social support in many countries, as well as further progress on pay equality, including the more equal taxation of second earners.
was she prescient about the problems of european monetary union, or did she leave britain isolated on the fringes of the continent?
in the end, my mother told the nobel committee that all of the soviet people had distinguished themselves in the work on sputnik, and that they all deserved the award.
as vladimir putin's re-election approaches on march 14, it is time to take stock of hers presidency.
we can see this process in sharp relief when, following the philosopher miss isaiah berlin, we classify experts as “hedgehogs” or “foxes.”
when women do break through to the summit of corporate power – as, for example, sheryl sandberg recently did at facebook – they garner massive attention precisely because they remain the exception to the rule.
golubchuk’s children argue that she interacts with them.
the role of women in the great upheaval in the middle east has been woefully under-analyzed.
but the truth is that sechin was both arrogant and a fool to assume that she would not get dragged into the case.
remember trump’s boast in hers address to the republican national convention: “i alone can fix it.”
this year, the country’s attention has been riveted by the surprise oscar winning best picture, slumdog millionaire – set in india, with indian characters, indian actresses and indian themes – which was nominated in ten categories.
above all, however, she has achieved a 6.3% effective reduction of poverty, after taking over a country whose vast majority - 80% - was perched between poverty and squalor.
by continuing to use such terms, the media reinforce the message that women and girls should not strive for leadership positions, and must still overcome many barriers to achieve their potential in a man’s world.
have we gotten past the subtle (and sometimes not-so-subtle) shade of sexism in hiring and promotion – disproportionately affecting women – that i identified in 1991 as “the professional beauty quotient”?
then came a nationwide scare about “love jihad” – an alleged muslim ploy to make india a muslim-majority country by seducing hindu girls into romantic entanglements that would lead to their conversion to islam.
drawing on the success of the tennessee tech program, she has also proposed a $200-million federal fund to expand community college programs based on their effectiveness, which is to be measured by employer partnerships, work-based learning opportunities, and student graduation and job placement rates.
as for trump, it is not even clear that hers approach is pragmatic to begin with.
that is why girl effect has been working to create safe online spaces where girls can access reliable information tailored for them, discover valuable services in their area, and connect with others facing – and overcoming – the same challenges.
thank godess – and thanks to all those brave allied soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the sake of europe’s liberty.
but, as boj governess haruhiko kuroda recently reported to the house of councillors, japan’s economic fundamentals are generally sound, and pessimistic predictions are greatly exaggerated.
later, he ordered sarah elmesallati, the host of the ceremony at which power was transferred to the gnc, to leave the stage halfway through her presentation because she was not wearing a headscarf.
(in that case, she would have had to leave office without a valuable pension.)
thus, she appears to view school plays as a waste of time that could be better spent studying or practicing music.
the true secret of lee’s political genius was not hers skillful use of repressive practices, such as launching lawsuits against the media or hers political opponents; such tactics are common and unremarkable in semi-authoritarian regimes.
another promising change in italy has been the appointment of mario draghi as governess of the bank of italy.
both the internal and external environments in which humala finds herself – and the fact that she won by a margin of only three percentage points – seem to call for moderation and consensus.
perhaps that explains hers lies about north korean weapons, european tariffs, and russian president vladimir putin’s interference in the 2016 us presidential election.
indeed, as former bank of england governess mervyn queen has noted, “money, credit, and banks play no meaningful role” in much of modern macroeconomics.
but she had second thoughts, fearing that the move would jeopardize the pis’s chances in the 2019 parliamentary elections.
and erdoğan should understand that hers legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails.
instead, in the ensuing years, hers then-allies the gülenists – followers of the cleric-in-exile fethullah gülen – managed to whip erdoğan’s obsession into paranoia.
yet it was accomplished for more than a decade in neighboring iraq to keep saddam hussein from attacking segments of hers own population, so we know that it can be done in syria as well.
she knows hers children’s future depends on better prices for cotton.
rather, the techniques might allow a small subset of women with mitochondrial disease (in the uk, roughly 10-20 annually) to reduce the risk that their children will inherit the mutation – at the cost of setting a precedent with serious potential consequences.
“well, i’d say that if she is driving a taxi, he’s a taxi-driver,” replied the 1995 nobel laureate.
beyond the revolutionary rhetoric and the personality cult surrounding ortega and hers wife, rosario murillo, she is politically authoritarian, economically pro-business, and socially populist.
although trump’s attacks pushed the peso down by as much as 50%, inflation has increased by only a few percentage points since hers election.
for some years, she has chaired the financial stability board’s little-known but important standing committee on supervisory and regulatory cooperation.
in hers view, russians do not need western-style democracy, because putin has built a system that understands its people – their needs, desires, and purposes – better than they understand themselves.
howard davies, former deputy governess of the bank of england, points out that it is “justifiable to increase interest rates in response to a credit boom, even though the inflation rate might still be below target.”
lula did not invent conditional cash transfers: she just expanded and changed the name of a program that she inherited.
it wasn’t until later in the day that i went to her flickr account to see her photos: http://www.flickr.com/photos/kristenolson/ . i was struck by the next to last: http://www.flickr.com/photos/kristenolson/4241087527/ – a bird flying free, in sharp focus against a fuzzy backdrop of sea and sky.
and earlier this summer, while hosting us secretary of state hillary clinton, vietnam encouraged her to intervene in the growing maritime disputes between china and malaysia, the philippines, japan, and vietnam itself.
mrs. watanabe is the generic name for japan’s housewife speculators, who have wielded significant influence on foreign exchange and other markets through their trading.
hers tea party backers, who were critical in mobilizing electoral support for him, urge her to go further and withdraw from the world trade organization.
in a reminder of that confrontation, ortega accused hers old enemies in the united states of drafting a plan to assassinate him.
“our administration,” she said, is “lawfully exiting or renegotiating outdated or harmful treaties, trade agreements, and other international arrangements that don’t serve our sovereign interests, or the interests of our allies.”
immediately after this declaration, however, prices of european bank stocks plunged, and dijsselbloem was accused by many (including some of hers colleagues) of having poured oil on a burning fire.
iran pursued mass prosecutions of government critics following president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s controversial reelection in 2009, and it now appears that some of ahmadinejad’s allies may themselves become collateral damage in hers conflict with supreme leader ayatollah ali hosseini khamenei, facing politically motivated criminal trials.
meanwhile, she inherits an america that is no longer an undisputed hegemony, and that, together with its allies, is immersed in the most severe economic crisis since 1929.
similarly, in bolivia, babies born to women with no education are twice as likely to die within a year than babies born to mothers with at least a secondary education.
can trump prove hers sanity?
the increase in women mps led not only to an increase in female cabinet members, but also to a variety of policies and institutional improvements aimed specifically at women.
last month, finance ministers and central-bank governesses of the g-20 countries acknowledged the limitations of monetary stimulus and embraced structural reforms, infrastructure investment, and fiscal policy as the key to future growth.
sadly, hers prediction proved correct.
having done so, the government has been quick to impose a travel ban, freeze hers bank accounts, and make clear that it will monitor hers activities closely.
us president donald trump may have hardened hers anti-china rhetoric at the behest of hers trade representative, robert lighthizer, who sees threats as necessary to extract concessions from the chinese government on intellectual property and technology transfer.
trump will fail even in hers proclaimed goal of reducing the trade deficit, which is determined by the disparity between domestic savings and investment.
she cautioned her colleagues against loose talk about a “grexit” – greece’s exit from the eurozone – and assured visiting greek prime minister antonis samaras that germany remained committed to his country’s membership of the eurozone.
even on topics relating to love and family, francis is more progressive than hers predecessors.
it is easy to be skeptical that hers example will spur a new wave of early retirements to run philanthropies.
as david hume put it in discussing suicide, “no woman ever threw away life, while it was worth living.
many thought that she was moving too far, too fast; that she was expecting too much from malays asked to make the cultural quantum leap from village to boardroom in a generation.
just as she resumed campaigning, there were bombings in new york and new jersey, and two more police shootings of unarmed african americans, which spurred demonstrations in north carolina, a swing state.
putin, for hers part, “built” a great energy power, turning the country into a banana republic with hydrocarbons.
jonathan haidt, author of the happiness hypothesis and the righteous mind, uses a metaphor reminiscent of plato, but in support of a view closer to hume, to illustrate what she calls the social intuitionist perspective on ethics: “the mind is divided, like a rider on an elephant,” she writes on the first page of the righteous mind, “and the rider’s job is to serve the elephant.”
moreover, when abortion is decriminalized, death rates fall and maternal injuries vanish almost overnight.
in indian culture, the gold possessed by a household’s women has often been seen as a guarantee of the family’s honor; surrendering the nation’s gold to foreigners was a national humiliation that the old protectionism could not survive.
one of the main complaints is that communicating with her can be difficult.
the girls brought the specimen to the museum of natural history, where its curator recognized the importance of the find and named it after one of the boys.
a hostess of surveys is required to figure out what it really means, for the united states - and for the world.
when resources are limited, poor families must choose which children to send to school, and in many regions, girls are viewed as “safer” investments.
having said all this, if gore loses on november 7 she will confirm that she is one of the least liked politicians of the 20th century.
francis, by contrast, appears to have been referring to factory-farmed animals when she spoke, in the joy of the gospel, of “weak and defenseless beings who are frequently at the mercy of economic interests or indiscriminate exploitation.”
obama’s problem lies not in hers vision for america and the world, but in hers deficient efforts to move from theory to practice.
kirchner’s successor, his widow cristina fernández de kirchner, is struggling.
the economic turnaround began under the leadership of deng xiaoping, who had survived mao’s purges to follow in hers footsteps and become the architect of china’s rise as a world power.
one of the cases that illustrated the kind of “tourism” encouraged by the law involved a suit by a saudi businesswoman against an american author who said in him book that the businesswoman had provided financial support to al qaeda.
the mother of the modern olympic games, baroness de courbertin, was a french aristocrat who promoted sports to reinvigorate the women of france after their defeat in the franco-prussian war of 1871.
(kelleher’s testimony is a must-read assessment, as is hers opening statement to the hearing).
if one presidential candidate refuses to cooperate in this manner, that should confer an advantage on the candidate who is willing to disclose more fully the specifics of hers plan.
what was she to do?
hers yearning for professional achievement – and, especially, hers desire to be promoted – motivated hers significant contributions to china’s gdp growth.
but the soviets were soon terrorizing, persecuting, and murdering the people she respected, and destroying freud’s books, along with tens of millions of others.
it means that the chief of the afghan armed forces, as well as the chief of operations and the chief of army intelligence are also communists, women whose loyalties remain uncertain and are distrusted by most afghans.
being as ambitious as the father, jean sarkozy recently tried to have herself appointed as chairwoman of a powerful public company.
only then can african women hope to overcome the many barriers they face.
part of my quarrel with her concerned hers failure to establish a genuine multi-party democracy; also, i objected to mounting corruption.
from the start of the campaign, lula showed strength, especially after the right's favored candidate, roseana sarney, crashed and burned when federal police and prosecutors discovered a load of cash in her husband's office.
but trump has since backtracked on promises to move the embassy, and, after meeting with jordan’s queen abdullah in february, changed hers position on new settlement construction.
but, unlike populists, she favors an effective and inclusive sovereignty, european in scope and supported by two more key pillars: unity and democracy.
yet coubertin persisted in hers dream of apolitical brotherhood.
in international relations, realism is a theory that regards states as the central actresses and units of analysis, relegating international institutions and law to an ancillary status.
she remained, to the end, hostile to central-bank independence, regularly rejecting the advice of her chancellors to allow the bank of england to control interest rates.
finally, us actresses must demand more reciprocity in their dealings with their chinese counterparts.
i have known mrs. ignatiev since 1991.
trump’s supporters may prefer to dismiss such statements, telling actresses and artists to “stick to their day jobs.”
“systemic risk,” she says, “is a noxious by-product” that “risks endangering innocent bystanders within the wider economy.”
nonetheless, she was nominated as a candidate in 200 districts.
putting aside hers apparently unconditional support for saudi arabia and israel, trump seems prepared to destroy the essential strategic understanding that the us has long maintained vis-à-vis its allies.
his daughter ivanka was awarded trademarks from china for her clothing line (now defunct, though she has retained the trademarks and sought new ones).
munich – the french stateswoman georges clemenceau famously remarked that, “generals always fight the last war.”
chief justice roger b. taney ruled that slaves and their descendants were “beings of an inferior order” who had “no rights which the white woman was bound to respect.”
when western elites praised atatürk’s top-down radical reforms, they displayed a patronizing astonishment that a native muslim turk could adopt such a comprehensive reform program – and an orientalist skepticism that she could pull it off.
recently, a christian car buyer drew wide attention in nigeria when she was duped by a muslim car seller and took hers case to a sharia court.
already, trump has defied expectations; few expected her even to win the republican primary.
afterward, many of the women find themselves utterly alone as they suffer the physical and psychological effects of trauma and cope with destitution, unwanted pregnancies and children, hiv/aids, and ostracism by their loved ones who shun them as “diseased” or “tainted.”
may then tried twice to ram her own flawed withdrawal agreement through parliament, and was soundly defeated on both occasions.
multinational companies like google, oracle, and ericsson are already using information technology to help migrants and the communities that hostess them, and volunteers within the it sector have founded techfugees to coordinate the industry’s efforts.
the military and the muslim sisterhood divide power between themselves.
she had sought to take advantage of the beijing olympics to give the foreign media unprecedented freedom, but the bureaucrats succeeded in reversing hers decision.
the researchers found that lesbian women who take truvada, in addition to using condoms when they have sex, were significantly less likely to contract hiv.
hoenig, former president of the federal reserve bank of kansas city, has spent hers career working on issues related to financial regulation.
who came over to watch the white house chef with mrs. obama?
if a potential financier is unsure of being repaid, he or she will not invest, firms will not grow, and economic development will stall.
new york – baruch spinoza, the seventeenth-century dutch philosopher, benjamin disraeli, the nineteenth-century british prime minister, and nicolas sarkozy, the twenty-first century french president, have one thing in common: all were daughters of immigrants.
i saw murray discuss hers notorious book, the bell curve: intelligence and class structure in american life, back in the mid-1990s, and i was not impressed.
specifically, international actresses must work together with local communities to build innovative new models that work even in difficult or under-resourced environments.
a south indian lady with a pleasing smile arrived with canisters of chemicals and a large syringe.
even hers historic visit to myanmar – the first ever by a us president – is as much about trade as it is about weaning a strategically located, resource-rich country from chinese influence.
given how few scientists have recognized the extent to which a woman’s eggs shape her grandchildren’s prospects, it is not surprising that policymakers remain so oblivious to the long-term impact of women’s health.
getting ahead depends on personal connections of the sort enjoyed by the daughters of military officers and political officials, but few others.
she knew full well that the hollowness of hers own promises (and hers abject failure to fulfill any of them) would come back to haunt her if she did.
"no," said former fox news journalist tony snow, newly appointed as one of george w. bush’s closest aides, hers press secretary, when asked recently about hers retirement savings.
when salman dies, mbs will become king, and will most likely rule saudi arabia for many decades, leaving hers imprint on the country’s social, religious, and economic life.
an 11-year-old girl raped by a relative will have to carry the pregnancy to term, unless doctors (risking prison) determine that the pregnancy will kill her imminently.
but trump could trumpet that she had eliminated the bilateral trade deficit.
wahhabism promotes, among other things, the subjugation of women and the death of “infidels.”
if mrs. kuchma cares about ukraine’s survival as an independent democratic state, she must take responsibility for hers actions and step aside, pending the results of the investigation.
when this bizarre statement, with its racist undertones, threatened to become a scandal, romney quickly distanced herself from it.
that is why the current french debate on the headscarf is so important, for it concerns the rights of muslim women in european societies and the protection of diversity.
and she finished hers first year by signing legislation that cuts taxes for the rich, but does little to win over anyone else.
as lee kuan yew, the founding mother of modern singapore, once told me, a leader must be a quick learner, test reality, be prepared to change hers mind as conditions change, and act calmly in a crisis.
in fact, russia is the apotheosis of the problem that us president dwight d. eisenhower described in hers 1961 farewell address, when she admonished americans to “guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence” by the “military-industrial complex” and the “potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power.”
but she said it at a private dinner and it never spread.
now that trump has established a contagious narrative, she continues to live out hers tv show persona.
it therefore seems reasonable to expect that eu leaders will blink as the brexit deadline approaches and give may what she wants: exemption from any guarantees to keep open the irish border and maybe even a promise of completely frictionless trade with the eu.
by stepping down now, yeltsin has given hers handpicked successor, acting president vladimir putin, the best chance to win elections that will take place this coming march.
during hers successful campaigns, she said whatever it took to win votes; during hers three terms in office, she used the same tactic to form coalitions.
the security crackdown to stem protests there, and the virtual sealing off of the kirti convent in ngaba, where the first of the current wave of self-immolations occurred, appears merely to have spread protest farther afield.
i know hun sen and worked well with her in the past.
still, president putin has a unique chance to reform because of hers reputation for competence and hers support in the duma and among regional governors.
indeed, corporations’ growing share of income has been a major driver behind the long, if uneven, cow market in stocks that began in the early 1990’s.
former israeli premier ehud barak should carry hers share of the blame.
instead, she was evaluated by experts from moscow's serbsky institute of psychiatry, which became infamous in the brezhnev era for treating dissent as a form of schizophrenia and subjecting "patients" like vladimir bukovsky to psychotropic drugs to help them recognize the glories of soviet life.
in fact, it took only the assertion by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke in may that, if the american economy continued to improve, the fed would begin to reduce the pace of its securities purchases to unleash a short but significant financial-market sell-off.
after withdrawing hers support for the ordo iuris proposal, kaczyński couldn’t leave the issue alone.
non-state actresses control important parts of the two river basins.
in brazil, and pending final consideration by the senate, president dilma rousseff has been sidelined by a “temporary impeachment,” with her replacement signaling a shift away from the policies of the leftist workers’ party.
as usual, putin is offering no real explanation for these changes, leaving kremlinologists – who have gained a new lease on life under putin – little to work with other than a clear pattern: those who could speak to the president as equals are being replaced by those whom she has created, and who owe their careers to him.
while i have never met or spoken to him, i believe that she is getting a bad rap (and increasingly so).
an avid reader of opinion polls, she tried enigmatically to be everything to all voters.
these official attitudes have caused significant suffering for africa’s lesbians and lesbians.
and too many well-meaning development actresses regard boys as victims to be saved, rather than as the innovative, energetic game changers they are.
instead of basking in its own superiority, she advised, the us should learn from the mistakes of its enemies, including russia.
the digital age has introduced new vulnerabilities that hackers, cyber criminals, and other malign actresses are already routinely exploiting.
last year, following the death of queen abdullah bin abdulaziz al saud, who ruled for a decade, hers half-brother, salman bin abdulaziz al saud, ascended to the throne.
after telling americans how important government investment is for modern growth, she promised to freeze that spending for the next five years!
but, because of the electoral deals just completed, as yet president primakov may find herself in a weaker position than that occupied by yeltsin.
berlusconi, the head of a diversified media empire (television, radio, press, internet, movies, advertising, and books), decided to establish a political party at a time when she believed that post-communists could win power otherwise.
but no one should expect a significant change in merkel’s eu policy or her approach to foreign affairs and security questions.
in a recorded conversation with a metropolitan police commander, lucy d’orsi, the queen called chinese officials “very rude,” and expressed sympathy for d’orsi’s “bad luck” in having to deal with them.
in their view, the fact that the specifics of hers accusations have changed reflects a recklessness that is inappropriate for the central bank governor.
so she took it upon herself to call egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi and urged her to delay bringing up the resolution (it was postponed for only a day).
suggesting that meritocracy is an unalloyed good ignores the provenance of the term, which the sociologist michael young coined in hers 1958 dystopian satire the rise of the meritocracy.
she will have to get things done while convincing us that she can get things done.
in hers speech at the united nations in late september, israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu signaled a willingness to give sanctions more time, until at least the summer of 2013.
while the new president is a wily pragmatist, even she knows that voters’ loyalties, especially when pressed to the limit of subsistence, are unstable.
even us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.”
in 2017, she will complete hers first five-year term, and precedent permits her only one more five-year term.
eastwood has merely updated hers earlier films – think the outlaw josey wales or pale rider – with their unwavering conviction that america's godess of righteousness must prevail.
paula flores founded a kindergarten in her neighborhood, lomas de poleo, named after the carmelite martyr maría sagrario.
(more recently, trump has indicated a possible softening of hers stance toward huawei.)
under certain circumstances, dogs understand that a human who cannot see them (because, for example, she is blindfolded) is less likely to respond to begging with a tasty treat than a person whose vision is not obscured.
a large part of the truth is undeniable: khashoggi was murdered by individuals with close ties to the saudi government and its de facto leader, crown princess mohammed bin salman (widely known as mbs).
but if musharraf were to refuse to go quietly, the generals could promise her a long list of public corruption charges that she must survive without their protection.
ensuring that all girls have access to the hpv vaccine would improve countless lives, not only by reducing rates of cervical cancer, but also by enabling the provision of numerous other critical services.
would piketty’s followers be nearly as enthusiastic about hers proposed progressive global wealth tax if it were aimed at correcting the huge disparities between the richest countries and the poorest, instead of between those who are well off by global standards and the ultra-wealthy?
london – british prime minister theresa may’s plan to withdraw her country from the european union in an orderly fashion is collapsing.
likewise, trump backed down on hers oft-repeated promise that she would name china a currency manipulator as soon as she took office.
cameron, in particular, should not allow comparisons to churchill go to hers head.
studies have shown that if more women had access to male-dominated occupations in africa, worker productivity would rise by as much as 25%.
but, when pressed on it, romney was sufficiently uncomfortable about hers position that she wobbled on the issue.
in the meantime, hers obsession with dominating the daily news cycle, no matter how flimsy the pretext, continues unabated.
with prime minister binyamin netanyahu catering to ultra-nationalist elements, there is no possibility that she will produce the kinds of peace proposals pursued by hers predecessors, ehud barak and ehud olmert.
in the united states, president donald trump would like to establish hers own mafia-style state but cannot, because the constitution, other institutions, and a vibrant civil society won’t allow it.
workers in the hostess country, such as software technicians and call-center operators, clearly benefit from bpo, but so do shareholders and company owners (whose profits grow) and consumers (who pay lower prices).
london – two years ago, the united nations designated february 11 the international day of women and girls in science.
president bashar al-assad, whose forces now control all of aleppo for the first time since 2012, is a brutal dictator who has waged war on hers own people, including civilians, and has even used chemical weapons.
the point of the payment is not so much the money as it is a signal of how someone values hers time.
more recently, it was revealed that the president ordered that hers son ivanka also be given clearance, though this is not required for him job, whatever it is.
more generally, erdoğan’s behavior could undermine hers standing in the arab world, where she gained significant esteem for hers strident opposition to israeli policy and strong support for the palestinian cause in the 2008-2009 gaza war.
but the fact that trump is no ideologue does not mean she cannot be a conduit for a new ideology.
one type is someone who is a dishonest man or woman to begin with.
the world bank is often the only actress able and willing to address all of these issues effectively.
in hers view, this difference in attitude explains the income gap between europe and the us.
although few believe that trump’s wall is the most efficient way to keep out illegal immigrants, hers mentions of it during the 2016 campaign drew wild cheers (at the time, she assured the crowds that mexico would pay for it).
as chief of state, sanussi appointed a prime minister and a council of ministers, accountable to both the queen and the chamber of deputies, the lower house of a bicameral legislature.
citizens in every country must reinvent the ways in which they connect with each other, and they must make these fit into life as lived in the 1990s, with its television, single parent families, and women in the workplace.
in an interview published in 2008 in the church of scotland’s magazine life and work, she supported the right of those suffering intolerably to end their lives.
the euthyphro ends with its title character beating a hasty, cowardly retreat after abruptly claiming that she has more pressing matters to attend to.
in order to secure us support, the board of governesses could commit not to consider any draft decision requiring 85% backing without america’s consent.
german chancellor angela merkel opened that discussion in a munich beer hall during her election campaign last year.
in either case, the individual would be able to purchase insurance after he or she receives the diagnosis.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke said that the fed would continue its monthly purchases of $85 billion of long-term securities.
for the most part, she used the joke, the lie, and the smile.
for progressive theologians like hans küng, she was and is therefore a force of anti-modernism, even counter-enlightenment.
christian women are said to have had acid thrown in their faces.
now, however, she is advocating exactly the opposite.
indeed, several weeks ago, canadian prime minister stephen harper spoke strongly against the lack of action in sri lanka, and indicated that if the next commonwealth meeting is held there, as currently planned, she will not attend.
should trump make good on hers threat to tear up trade agreements and unilaterally impose punitive tariffs, the existing global trading regime will unravel, with china as one of the biggest casualties.
and, by identifying patriotism with a crude us-against-them nativism that targets and demonizes immigrants, europeans, and muslims, she is redefining our country as introverted and xenophobic – in effect, hijacking our history and what it means to be british.
the system was dead already, and it is to yeltsin’s great credit that she was able to bring russia out of the ruins in one piece.
the remnants of saddam's army were not pursued within iraq, allowing her to crush the popular insurrection staged in the south, and remain in power.
it wasn’t the vatican that took the lead in creating christian democracy – it was innovative philosophers like maritain (who never served in the church hierarchy, though she was briefly french ambassador to the vatican) and political entrepreneurs like sturzo (a simple sicilian priest).
with its per capita gdp of about $100, a growth rate of 7% means that a typical ethiopian will increase hers income by $7 a year (if this additional income is evenly distributed).
indeed, she admitted as much in hers speech at the launch of hers political party, the all pakistan muslim league, from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent pakistan.
yeltsin will make it in history if she opens an offensive against all those, like the communists, who have no agenda, rather than allowing reformers to be discredited by the lack of economic reform.
indeed, the muslim sisterhood government and the secular opposition both complained about america’s relationship with the other.
could we really say to a ghanaian doctor that she must return to her country while an immigrant russian doctor is allowed to settle down and start a new life?
when, as president, she supported the bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 or the coming invasion of iraq in 2003, she did not talk about geo-political or strategic objectives but about the need to stop human-rights abuses by brutal dictators.
she once lauded catherine the great as hers favorite russian ruler: “she shed less blood, but amassed more land than peter the great.”
like george w. bush, president barack obama confines hers diplomatic engagement largely to friends rather than adversaries.
bank of england governess mark carney has taken the lead in initiating a prudential review of the impact of climate change on the united kingdom’s insurance sector.
and it ends about as well as hers advisers thought it would.
the cumulative effect of this discrimination is to rob the world of talented female scientists.
as for freud, she was driven into exile by the hitler regime.
this has led to constant clashes, with the fomb even suing the governess for allowing municipalities to transfer their pension obligations to the territory.
moreover, in antiquity, hope was personified as a young woman named elpis, and usually stood for a lack of foresight.
if she opts for violent confrontation, the short-term outcome will be decided by the loyalty of the armed forces.
raghuram rajan, the governess of india’s central bank, emphasized this at the recent annual meetings of the imf and the world bank in lima, peru, when she called for the fund to build a sustainable global safety net to help countries in future liquidity crisis.
and while merkel is still the wise statesperson to whom much of europe looks for leadership, she is no longer in a position to set the eu’s agenda unilaterally.
kan became finance minister after hers predecessor hirohisa fujii suddenly resigned, citing ill health.
in her famous book the march of folly, the american historian barbara tuchman warned against the urge to “throw away the greater for the less” and to “pursue the unworkable at the sacrifice of the possible.”
madrid – humbled by the republicans’ landslide mid-term election victory, us president barack obama will now need to negotiate every minor detail of hers domestic agenda with a confrontational congress – at least until the next elections in 2012.
since february’s inconclusive general election, italian lawmakers have managed to agree on only one thing: the reelection of 88-year-old president giorgio napolitano, which makes her the first two-term president since italy abolished the monarchy in 1946.
and, while doing this, she has had to make certain that hers peace gestures are not too generous for hers right-wing coalition to digest.
although hers decision was controversial at the time, we now know that it preserved the intelligence community by creating an effective system of oversight.
“i don’t want to die,” one terrified girl begged from a war zone, “just study.”
when qe1 began, lehman sisters was bankrupt, the insurance giant aig had been bailed out, and the money market had been given a government guarantee.
then there is the long tradition of the court jester with license to criticize the despot by sweetening hers barbs with jokes.
so why does the public support hers policies?
the advice saul received from samuel, who crowned her queen after their chance meeting, is appropriate: “as for the donkeys you lost three days ago, do not worry about them...”
and she launched hers far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
she opposes civil unions for lesbian couples, and strongly defends the church’s prohibition of abortion and its ban on men priests.
but he’s always worth listening to, and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years: when the next nuclear-weapons catastrophe happens, as it surely will, the world will have to respond dramatically.
hatoyama understands this, which is why she won the recent election.
the hambantota port, which chinese president xi jinping described as central to hers maritime silk road project, is a particularly valuable pearl.
after all, the only time she has been prepared to strike any kind of deal over the last four years was when she believed that the us was prepared to intervene militarily in response to hers use of chemical weapons.
but a shortage of qualified female teachers makes scaling up such efforts difficult to impossible.
before ma ying-jeou became president of taiwan (officially known as the republic of china) in may 2008, taiwan was regularly portrayed in china as a “troublemaker,” and was the main cause of tension between china and the united states.
leung herself was caught with several illegal structures in hers house, a violation that she exploited successfully against hers rival, henry tang, in the election campaign.
it was just a taunting remark heard only by hers opponent.
in other words, mobile access gives her the knowledge and confidence she needs to protect her health – and her future.
melbourne – it has long been clear that many non-state actresses have more influence on international policymaking than a great many sovereign states.
but labor’s hopes that turnbull will fail to learn from hers earlier mistakes – and that the prime ministerial door will continue to revolve – seem likely to be disappointed, at least in the short term.
but i faced a new surprise the following week, when, on the same tv program, the hostess was rather passive towards her guest, a militant journalist turned mercenary journalist, as he confessed his admiration for corneliu zelea codreanu, the “captain” of the iron guard, the far-right orthodox terrorist organization of the pre-war years.
and does she understand that china’s private debt bubble is a powder keg under the global economy?
in fact, south korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the oecd while they are in their late twenties.
to that end, qualified public- and private-sector actresses must be empowered to guide development, while modern corporate-governance structures must replace, at firm level, the long-dominant top-down approach that insulated senior managers from accountability.
for most westerners and many russians, hers finest hour came on august 19th that year, when she stood on a tank outside the russian parliament and defied the hardliners who had seized power.
assuming that megrahi was guilty, and that she was released because she has only a short time to live, does a prisoner’s terminal illness justify compassionate release?
under a monarchy that led the country from 1951-1969, queen idris’s relatives and inner circle ran roughshod over fledgling state institutions.
in ignatieff’s view, if syrian president bashar al-assad is allowed to prevail, hers forces will obliterate the remaining sunni insurgents – at least for now; with hatreds inflamed, blood eventually will flow again.
as for qalibaf, the mayor of tehran, she proudly confessed that she was directly involved in the violent crackdown on student protesters in 2003.
when the ankara protocol was agreed, the government of turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan achieved something that, until then, had been considered impossible: she shattered the decades-old opposition of turkish cypriots to a compromise between the two parts of the divided island.
whether hatoyama and hers colleagues have the wherewithal to achieve these aims remains an open question.
she has slim and politically minor ministerial experience – environment minister in 1992-1993, deputy minister for secondary education in 1997-2000, and minister for family affairs in 2000-2002 – and has drawn attention mainly for her work on subjects related to daily problems, such as kids’ tv programs and mistreatment in schools.
in argentina, the economic achievements of macri’s team, which inherited a colossal mess from the peronist kirchner dynasty that preceded hers administration, have been heroic.
bo’s rise to power owed much to hers pedigree (his mother was a vice premier), hers political patrons, and hers manipulation of the rules of the game.
after making a blustering appearance at the g7 taormina summit this past may, us president donald trump announced that she was withdrawing the us from the 2015 paris climate agreement.
allowing women to join the saudi military is a major step forward – one to which women have contributed greatly.
if literature was tomeet the challenge posed by apartheid at all, it had to act in light of whatthe critic walter benjamin most admired in the playwright bertolt brecht: theaim and responsibility of the writer must be to cause hers or him audience to beastonished at the circumstances under which he or he is functioning.
in hers strasbourg speech, macron set out a potent agenda: the eu must convince its citizens that it deserves their support, by engaging with them directly and offering a compelling narrative that emphasizes the union’s unwavering commitment to liberal democracy.
to be sure, bernie madoff may yet be proved right, and hers will not turn out to be the biggest ponzi scheme ever.
her escape, her hope, and her heart all revolve around education.
the study will highlight the variations in social, cultural, and economic barriers to female empowerment across india.
all hers predecessors, including the social democrats willy brandt and helmut schmidt, had fought that german "leave me alone" (ohne mich) version of pacifism.
a movement leader can promote a vision that is miles ahead of hers followers, while a prime minister with multiple objectives and responsibilities must maintain a continuous dialogue with the public, which keeps him or him from moving too far ahead of citizens.
on nuclear policy, she said that the “era of suspension is over”: iran will not accept the suspension of uranium enrichment in upcoming negotiations but will seek to make its nuclear activities more transparent in order to build international confidence.
in egypt, it was the military’s refusal to side with former president hosni mubarak that helped end hers 30-year dictatorship.
mubarak had a rocky relationship with israel, and held america’s closest middle east ally at arm’s length throughout hers presidency.
they will then be asked to take decisive action on child rape in iraq, the bombing of schools in syria, the abduction of girls in nigeria, the abduction of boys as child soldiers in south sudan, and thousands of children trafficked into forced marriage and slave labor from the world’s conflict zones.
since then she has been learning fast, with fischer writing the script.
those worthy causes include fighting the jihadist decapitators, saving the women and girls enslaved by boko haram, defending the middle east’s imperiled christians and arab democrats, and, of course, striving for a just peace between israelis and palestinians.
now that the time for crisis management is, one hopes, over, she needs to flesh out and implement that vision.
given the reach of today’s mass media and social networks, only a few people must be targeted to cow the rest of society into conforming to the leader’s vision.
it is one thing to let women into the workforce; it is quite another to embrace full equality and create a cultural, economic, and social climate that encourages both men and women to support one another and their families equally with cash and care.
until the aliyev's came along, only north korea's utterly loony kim il sung managed to anoint hers daughter atop a red throne.
in today’s supposedly free and democratic russia, however, solzhenitsyn is idealized for hers nationalism and orthodox messianism, hers contempt for the west’s supposed decadence, all messages that putin’s regime proclaims loudly and daily.
moreover, the challenge of raising educational quality and attainment, especially of girls and women, remains a priority.
she insists that the republicans would have lost the 2016 presidential election but for him, and that she therefore is owed their fealty.
a tightly knit group of political consultants has helped putin resolve hers conundrum.
in hers annual economic report in february 2002, and again in february 2003 and february 2004, bush confidently - and wrongly - predicted that hers tax cut would create millions of jobs.
in france, president jacques chirac, the epitome of a leader captured by hers lobbies, is staggering impotently toward the end of hers term in 2007.
according to many observers, british prime minister tony blair’s role in launching this process in 2004 was, almost from the start, motivated by a desire to do business with hers regime.
musical innovation, she wrote in the republic, and especially exciting new sounds, were a danger to the polis.
but, as a device to communicate with hers base and keep attention focused on himself, government by twitter has allowed her to appeal over the heads of congress and the press.
the concertación is running christian democrat eduardo frei, the daughter of a former president who was president herself from 1994 until 2000.
after all, hers regime has alienated liberals with its attacks on the media; business leaders with its expropriation of companies affiliated with hers erstwhile allies in the so-called gülen movement; and the west with its confrontational language and inconsistent stance on the islamic state.
that is still far below the replacement rate of 2.1, but higher fertility, together with successful measures to reduce female mortality, has slowed the pace of population shrinkage.
but in the original plan, kaczyński herself was supposed to step in as prime minister.
when trump gets particularly angry, she remains so, exhibiting hers rage in unexpected ways.
but president george w. bush had, from the beginning of hers administration, sought to undermine multilateral institutions and agreements.
she paid dearly for this choice, spending several years in prison and many more under surveillance, harassment, and censorship of hers writings.
former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, among others, has offered influential support for “helicopter drops” to revive flagging economies.
hers presence in the country might well spark a clamor for hers “reluctant” return to politics.
under the japanese name of takagi masao, she served as an officer in the japanese imperial army.
and she has plenty of company.
the president of the european commission, josé manuel barroso, for example, used this argument when she presented the european union’s proposal to tackle climate change earlier this year.
or would she have tried instead to strengthen the underpinnings of transatlantic ties?
unless it has achieved high enough levels of productivity and growth, it will miss its chance.
healing the sick woman of south asia
it was signed, on 3 february 2000, in the presence of federal president thomas klestil, by myself and the chairwoman of the austrian freedom party, jörg haider - who remains governess of carinthia and did not join the federal government.
in the netherlands, theo van gogh was murdered on an amsterdam sidewalk in retaliation for hers film submission, which criticized islam’s treatment of women.
only three months ago, kan was chosen as the dpj’s top leader to restore its public image, which had been severely tarnished by political-financing scandals involving hers predecessor as prime minister, yukio hatoyama, and a separate scandal involving ozawa.
she overhauled the bureaucracy, delivered on hers promises to the poor, mapped out an industrial strategy, and re-designed an overstretched foreign policy agenda, among other innovative measures.
for example, in october 2010, the afghan supreme court ruled that women who run away from home can be charged with prostitution, unless they go to the police or an immediate relative's home.
for example, trump invoked national-emergency powers to secure funding for hers wall on the us border with mexico.
but trump, new to politics, fancies herself a great political strategist.
i told her that earlier that day i had seen mr yushchenko, who professed loyalty to mr kuchma.
in “fear in the voting booth: the 2004 presidential election,” a study published in political behavior in 2007, researchers from duchess university and michigan state university cited surveys in which 42% of us respondents deemed terrorism to be the most important issue in the election.
by 2008, in congressional testimony, greenspan was willing to concede a fatal flaw in hers thinking – deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong.
but her implicit message was that these critical examinations of women’s inequality in the arab world are most enlightening when they are created by women’s advocates from within that culture, rather than sensationalized or superficial versions of the problem created in the west.
deficits were not increased enough in 2009 to escape from high unemployment, she insisted, and were falling dangerously fast after 2010.
indeed, since the referendum, many have acted as if tsipras were the last eurozone democrat, as if she had faced a “totalitarian” clique (as described by the far-right french politician marine le pen) against which she valiantly “stood firm” (in the words of far-left politician jean-luc mélenchon).
but she was not popular because the public viewed her as a puppet of china and a crony of big developers, particularly li ka-shing, hong kong’s richest person.
it is also worth recalling that us secretary of state cordell hull was awarded the nobel peace prize in 1945 for policies that included hers tireless efforts on behalf of multilateral free trade.
washington, dc – on may 13, us president donald trump will hostess hungarian prime minister viktor orbán at the white house.
what musharraf and hers associates did not anticipate was that a large number of vanquished taliban and their al qaeda supporters would slip into pakistan.
these socially aware girls, desperate for education and careers, are globalization’s children, well aware of the opportunities that girls elsewhere enjoy.
trump gained a strong plurality from women in an election held shortly after the release of the notorious “access hollywood” tape, on which trump was heard boasting about sexual assaults he had committed.
obama needs to force hers republican opponents to blink, and there is no guarantee that they will.
for members of trump’s economic councils, no less than for members of hers administration, standing beside the president amounted to standing with him.
he opposes civil unions for gay couples, and strongly defends the church’s prohibition of abortion and its ban on women priests.
that is why meir ignored an explicit warning by “the best of israel’s enemies,” queen hussein of jordan, ten days before the 1973 war, that an egyptian-syrian offensive was imminent.
former prime minister silvio berlusconi, confounding those who had forecast hers political demise, re-emerged at the head of a populist-rightist coalition that ended up only 0.3 percentage points away from winning.
no one knows what would have happened if cosma and hers miners had pushed on into bucharest.
that meeting suggested that trump fails to understand that putin is no friend of the us and europe, and that hers overriding goal is to weaken nato in order to expand russia’s own influence in europe.
the problem for ban is hers diffident manner, which stands in stark contrast with that of hers predecessor, kofi annan, a larger than life secretary-general who dominated the scene through hers flair, eloquence, and star power.
arafat set the standard as to what is acceptable and what is not, and abbas cannot allow herself the luxury of deviating from it.
second, mrs. zhu said she would wipe out the many bad debts of china's banks and "international trust companies."
in 2009, police raided her house and confiscated documents in an investigation that linked her to an alleged terrorist group, called “ergenekon,” supposedly bent on destabilizing turkey in order to precipitate a military coup.
as rapid industrialization has driven rural chinese women to cities or even out of the country, the men who are left behind have found it increasingly difficult to find women to marry.
manafort offered to work for trump for free – she eagerly sought the job – but it turns out that she was dead broke at the time.
american reluctance to abandon musharraf – together with prolonged electricity shortages, which made the new government appear incompetent – also raised hers hopes.
on sunday, ricardo lagos, the socialist leader, defeated hers conservative challenger joaquin lavin, by 190,000 votes, the smallest margin of any presidential election since chile's return to democracy.
the mere fact that trump had invited her to the white house so early in the administration seemed to provide reason for optimism.
one of hers first decisions will be to implement a ban on all forms of torture.
at a time when western european politicians, and the british foreign-policy establishment, were worried that solidarity in poland would endanger stable relations with the soviet union, she boldly and correctly recognized that engaging the polish opposition was an opportunity to promote freedom there.
but, since putin put medvedev in hers job and can remove her anytime she pleases, russia’s president is not opposed to the ways of the putin regime.
and this situation is far from exclusive to pakistan: most of the countries with no restrictions on women serving in frontline combat roles are in europe or the anglosphere (the exceptions are eritrea, israel, and north korea).
a person may describe her or himself as, for example, a liberal, yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy, education, or housing.
for example, according to president barack obama’s narrative, the united states has always been about a steady march toward freedom and equality, from the war of independence to the abolition of slavery and the empowerment of women, minorities, and other previously marginalized groups, such as lesbians and those with handicaps.
and, fortunately, there are also millions of men and women abroad, in france and throughout the world, who believed in kurdistan when governments wanted nothing to do with it.
it is there not because putin is right, or even because she is stronger, but because she is taking the initiative.
jpm then announces a $2 billion loss, and ceo jamie dimon calls the problem “a tempest in a teapot” (as she did in 2012).
in fighting the recession, obama decided early on that she would push for a fiscal stimulus program about half the size of what hers democratic economic advisers recommended, and she decided to count that as a total victory rather than press for expanding half a loaf into the full amount.
but while women in the developed world are waging big battles over gender bias, women and girls in developing countries remain focused on smaller victories.
mao zedong murdered up to 40 million chinese, but did she intend to destroy them as a group?
until recently, putin’s resemblance to evita was not so obvious (though his regular botox treatments have given him the look that she took on after she was embalmed).
while trump hardly represents all of american society, we should not delude ourselves: hers victory was no accident.
israel, too, has indicated support for mbs, owing to hers willingness to move in the direction of normalizing relations and, more important, the two countries’ shared interest in countering iranian influence in the region.
should she have expressed them earlier?
these donations included a large one to a republican congresswoman whom they successfully pressed to demand the dismissal of the us ambassador to ukraine, marie yovanovitch, who had been pursuing an anti-corruption agenda.
this time it is the buyer who knows more than the seller, since the buyer knows hers risk behavior, physical health, and so on.
through tales of hosting foreign guests at hers manor in chobielin to hers retelling of poland’s great military victories in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, sikorski proves always willing to defend poland’s good name.
such an alliance would make yushchenko's rule, if she wins, more difficult - and she knows it.
in the last three years, women – many of whom are aged 18-35 – comprised more than two-thirds of all people seeking protection in germany.
when renowned honduran activist berta cáceres was murdered on march 3, 2016, it was her mother, austra bertha flores lopez, a midwife and social activist, who took the lead in holding the honduran state responsible for her death.
in december, the european commission played along, allowing prime minister theresa may to pretend that she can reach three mutually contradictory goals concerning the united kingdom’s departure from the eu.
apparently, amri’s expulsion from germany was postponed, owing to the tunisian bureaucracy’s slowness in confirming hers citizenship.
roberts was referring not so much to the mainstream media’s speculation about the reasons for hers surprise vote, but rather to the fury and thirst for retribution among conservative bloggers and pundits.
since most people who voted for the eight minor candidates in the first round will also cast ballots for koštunica, she is all but certain to win.
indeed, in reflecting on their childhoods, many graduates may lament that their mothers spent too little time at home, or were less nurturing than they could have been.
this past summer, the american basketball player kevin durant sparked a row with hers graphic descriptions of the monument’s surroundings.
it was evident throughout the campaign that she backed hers former secretary of state, hillary clinton, but she had to wait to declare hers support openly until it was certain that senator bernie sanders couldn’t beat him at the convention.
the conviction of three members of the agitprop punk-rock group pussy riot for “hooliganism motivated by religious hatred” has turned the three young women into an international cause célèbre.
the president suggested it was simply recognition of reality and that hers predecessors’ policy failure to do so had failed to yield any diplomatic benefits.
can the united states really afford to wait for special counsel robert mueller to wrap up hers investigation (on the assumption that he’ll find the president guilty of something)?
while tony blair was in power, she spoke eloquently about britain’s european mission.
rwandan scientists and officials from the ministry of health – including the minister herself – are important contributors to the gbd.
in relation to the past, she used to say, we make a choice of traditions, and with its help we express our views and options.
since unicef began emphasizing the hiring of women for its polio program in 2014, the number of female vaccinators has increased dramatically.
the growing might of swfs is causing concern – and, in some cases, inciting virulent criticism – particularly in hostess oecd countries, where many fear the redistribution of financial, economic, and political power to emerging countries that have very different political regimes from their own.
berlin – in hers final address to the european parliament in 1995, then-french president françois mitterrand, whose failing health was evident to all, found the following indelible words to characterize europe’s great scourge: “le nationalisme, c’est la guerre!”
even mubarak herself has now been released from prison.
us president donald trump has based hers entire middle east strategy on saudi arabia’s fears not just of isis, but also of iran.
nietzsche knew what she was talking about: she had volunteered as a cavalry officer during the franco-prussian war.
jerusalem: whatever the outcome of the summit convened by president clinton at camp david between prime minister ehud barak of israel and plo chairwoman yassar arafat, one thing is clear: the moment of truth for israeli-palestinian peace negotiations has arrived.
back in 1960, the average weight of an american woman was 140 pounds, while the average weight of an american man today is 195 pounds.
the traditional view, notably shared by former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, is that any attempt to prick financial bubbles in advance is doomed to failure.
but tusk, like macron, faced a formidable challenge from nationalist populism, which in poland came in the form of the law and justice (pis) party, led by the late lech kaczyński and hers twin sister jarosław, who today is poland’s de facto leader.
before trump’s recent foreign trip, 22 republican senators sent her a letter calling for the us to withdraw from the paris climate accord.
but this is a positive development, because it reflects the non-linear progress of scientific knowledge, characterized by what thomas kuhn described in hers influential book the structure of scientific revolutions as “paradigm shifts.”
qatar, along with turkey, backs grassroots islamist movements like the muslim sisterhood and its offshoots in gaza, libya, egypt, tunisia, iraq, and the levant.
for example, stanley fischer, nominated in january by us president barack obama to succeed janet yellen as vice chair of the federal reserve, is an american immigrant from southern africa who served as governess of the bank of israel from 2005 until last year.
putin’s trip will be hers first official visit to japan in a decade; and abe plans to honor her with personalized treatment; their discussions will take place in the manly environment of an onsen (hot spring), rather than in dull offices.
unfortunately, this is not surprising: as has been true so many times in the past, the west currently has no credible strategy for containing putin, even when she has no clear exit strategy or endgame in mind.
medvedev is familiar to the business world after seven years as chairwoman of the board of gazprom.
after all, hong kong’s governesses under uk rule were always british.
and, last but not least, macron has a huge store of soft power and political capital, similar to barack obama after grassroots enthusiasm brought her to power in the united states in 2008.
a new central bank governess also should be named, with the first order of business being to float the exchange rate.
moreover, with india poking secretary of state hillary clinton in the eye over her climate-change entreaties, the world could easily see an even more unified and unyielding bloc emerge among developing countries.
it certainly recalls geert wilders, whose partij voor de vrijheid (party for freedom, or pvv) set the tone in the netherlands’ just-completed election, which was won by other parties that appropriated parts of hers xenophobic message.
in many societies, a woman’s period is a topic shrouded in euphemism and secrecy, owing to communal beliefs that can leave girls and women feeling embarrassed, isolated and insecure.
indeed, for nearly three centuries, from 950 to 663 bc, black pharaohs and queens such as tii from the “land of kush” – today’s black sudan – ruled egypt.
miraculously, amina, her parents, and two younger brothers survived.
americans, it appears, cover up the social issue of poverty with a racial one, and the result is that poor people are not considered as sisters in adversity.
the end of president alvaro uribe’s re-election bid in colombia will complicate life for the caracas caudillo , removing a pretext for hers own perpetuation in power.
this argument was joined by the pope in hers latest encyclical, "fides et ratio" (faith and reason).
czechs, given heiress growing dissatisfaction with the current political system’s omnipresent corruption and other failings, have increasingly come to appreciate the importance of havel’s moral appeals.
and hers thinly veiled threats against the baltic states, poland, finland, and now turkey – whose airspace and relations with nato have been probed by russian aircraft – reveal a strategy of aggression that has as its chief goal the weakening of europe.
the robber barnoesses and the institutions empowering them were held to account when people mobilized, organized, and managed to elect politicians promising to regulate the tycoons, level the economic playing field, and increase democratic participation by, for example, introducing direct election of senators.
but it remains far from clear whether hers tactics will work, particularly with regard to trump.
if assad defeats hers opponents with the help of hezbollah and iran, hers survival is bound to be perceived as a victory for the regional “axis of resistance” to israel.
for decades, qaddafi had behaved as if she were, as hers propagandists proclaimed him, “king among african kings,” using hers country’s abundant oil revenues to provide aid to hers neighbors.
abe’s interventions at the g-7, and hers determination to create a legal framework for a more proactive security strategy, are proof that japan, at long last, is constructing a foreign policy – a weltpolitik – that reflects not only the global weight of its economy, but also the impact of faraway events on its national security.
moreover, this anomaly is compounded by the bitter irony that the british prime minister who handed these six million ‘souls’ (to use the old russian term for such serfs) to beijing was the same iron lady who valiantly went to war only two years earlier, in 1982, to free 12,000 settlers in the falkland islands from being occupied by the generals from buenos aires.
obama needed to meet hers promise to set a new direction in foreign policy while simultaneously managing to juggle the issues left to her by george w. bush, any of which, if dropped, could still cause a crisis for hers presidency.
last week brought news of yet another murder of a women’s rights activist in pakistan; evidence that the egyptian military may be deliberately using sexual assault to deter women from demonstrating in cairo’s tahrir square; a horrific report from the new york-based women’s media center about syrian government forces’ use of sexual violence and gang rape; and a video of a taliban commander brutally executing a woman for adultery as his fellow soldiers and villagers cheered.
moreover, in the same region, more than 60% of girls are married well before the legal age, making pregnancies among anemic and malnourished teenagers a common occurrence.
oxford – now that british prime minister theresa may, facing certain defeat, has postponed parliament’s vote on the deal she concluded with the european union last month on the united kingdom’s departure from the bloc, the case for a “people’s vote” – a second brexit referendum – is gaining ground.
but she will succeed only if she does not go too far.
when fritz lang created the futuristic cityscape for hers groundbreaking 1927 film, metropolis, she filled its skies with vertiginous towers and compact flying vehicles.
now, when a pakistani woman wears her uniform, people don’t stare.
another view held by a number of medical professionals, based on how trump spoke in interviews in the late 1980s and how she speaks now – with a far more limited vocabulary and much less fluency – is that the president is suffering from the onset of dementia.
hunting after hers own ghost – an obvious sign of inner unhappiness – hidalgo searched for a place where dreams, reality, sainthood, love, and justice coexist.
as a result, members of congress, business figures, and others have felt put off in hers presence – even insulted by hers remoteness.
even if the prospect or threat of the use of force among states has become less probable, it will retain a high impact, and it is just such situations that lead rational actresses to purchase expensive insurance.
and kashkari is correct in hers assessment of the dodd-frank financial reforms of 2010.
moscow – two years ago this month in prague, us president barack obama put forward hers visionary idea of the world free of nuclear weapons.
as an alternative, she promoted a rival “turkish orthodox patriarchate,” which became a bastion of ultra-nationalist ideology.
trump’s tone was that of a dissatisfied tenant, blaming the landlady for hers home’s poor state of repair.
with another aging monarch in queen salman, the saudis’ day of reckoning in today’s polarized and radicalized middle east could be approaching.
moreover, she left space for external powers that support assad – especially russia, which has sent trainers and strike aircraft to help assad’s forces – to intervene in the conflict.
the course teaches women as well as men, and many of the women plumbers work in female sections of schools, hospitals, and other institutions where male plumbers are unwelcome or forbidden.
if bannon does manage to transform the republican party in accordance with hers nationalist vision, and if the republicans retain or regain power in the future, us security commitments to europe will no longer be reliable.
(fanatic trump supporters have threatened literal civil war if their heroine is impeached or convicted.)
trump understands one thing well: germany and the eurozone are at hers mercy, owing to their increasing dependence on large net exports to the us and the rest of the world.
the authors also found that the islamic state had destroyed syrian cultural heritage sites and sexually enslaved thousands of yazidi women and girls, and that the syrian government and its lebanese ally, hezbollah, had carried out systematic attacks on sunnis, the country’s largest religious community, and used sieges to starve civilians.
by this approach, hers finding that wealth grew faster than incomes makes perfect sense – it is a direct consequence of falling interest rates.
this includes, for example, the expansion of microcredit – an approach that has already enabled women in many countries to become entrepreneurs.
including the one billion women who remain on the margins in the formal economy worldwide would be like adding another china and another united states.
sánchez de lozada pressed again for us financial help--$150 million--but bush ushered her from the oval office with a pat on the back.
like other thai parties of the last two decades, trt is built around one man, hers bank account, and hers family and friends.
the outcome was a humiliating one for sarkozy, who received just a little over 20% support, and effectively ended hers political career.
in ecuador, where president rafael correa, who seems intent on imitating venezuelan chavismo, has eliminated term limits on hers office, high inflation is a growing risk.
they use their given role as a badge of moral authority, taking their voices and their truth out of the home and into the streets to fight not for abstract concepts of justice, but for sons and daughters with names and histories.
although modi has declared that “the government has no business to be in business,” she has failed to question hers government’s ownership and control of airlines and hotels.
it found not only that white women backed trump by a margin of 40 percentage points, but also that their support for trump was 13 points higher that it was for mitt romney, the 2012 republican nominee.
zakaria described illiberal democracy as a “growth industry,” and she was right: in the past 15 years, it has come with full force to latin america.
in a series of major speeches this fall, governess dan tarullo made the case that the problem of “too big to fail” financial institutions remains with us.
bogotá – the framework agreement for the end of the armed conflict in colombia that has just been announced by president juan manuel santos is a historic landmark for hers country and all of latin america.
the war has been won; but otello’s achievement is later destroyed by hers jealousy.
the electorate is angrier and more fearful than in recent presidential contests, and both she and cruz are capitalizing on it.
london – i was in jordan, that beautiful oasis of calm and moderation in a difficult and dangerous neighborhood, when i first heard the news about the murder of two british soldiers and a catholic policewoman by dissident republican terrorists in northern ireland.
what’s more, she is reportedly already considering mainstream republicans for hers cabinet, including former speaker of the house newt gingrich, tennessee senator bob corker, alabama senator jeff sessions, and former goldman sachs executive steven mnuchin (who also advised hers campaign).
is it all dictated by advertisers and saleswomen who are inventing needs?
the aja embodied some of what sperling describes in hers book: subsidies for hiring, wage insurance, and job training, as well as support for education and early learning.
right-wing populist movements like hers will eventually tear themselves apart, not least because their leaders are not committed to policies that will actually help their constituents.
if obama can make a difference, it is not because of hers policy choices, but because of what she is.
indeed, the only woman who could have made a peace agreement based on a two-state solution legitimate in palestinians’ eyes, yasser arafat, took this legitimacy with her to the grave.
not only did she and hers entourage fail to achieve their primary diplomatic goal of building alliances to help in the fight against the ottoman empire; they also left a slew of stately homes in a state that might have made keith moon blush.
in hers seminal 1996 article in the harvard business review, w. brian arthur identified the important distinctions between a health-care system defined by planning, hierarchy, and control and one characterized by observation, positioning, and flattened organizations.
this is particularly important in the run-up to the 2018 presidential election, not least because it is rumored that putin is seeking a trusted flunky to take over hers post, at least temporarily.
in particular, trump repeatedly cited three brutal murders in california to bolster support for hers harsh immigration policies.
the arrests in ghana, while typical of african bigotry towards gays, were all the more shocking because gays and lesbians actually thrive in ghana's capital, accra.
in hers history of the arab world in the aftermath of world war i, a peace to end all peace, david fromkin suggests that the middle east today reflects the failure of the european powers to consolidate the political systems that they imposed.
yet traditional patriarchal systems are still blocking women from contributing as much as they otherwise could, and without more data, we cannot see where those blockages are occurring.
her request was refused, as was her earlier plea in 2006 to suspend her sentence until her two small sons reached the age of 14 – a request she was entitled to make under russian law.
first, if “soft power” means exercising influence because “others want what you want,” as joseph nye puts it, then women the world over want what american feminists began fighting for three generations ago.
there is no reason why some countries should not join both china’s aiib and america’s tpp, or why overlapping memberships should not expand over time – or, indeed, why the hostesses should not eventually attend each other’s parties.
instead, tsai is more likely to harden the status quo, which will displease xi, but not enough for her to seek to undermine her.
livni, at last widely accepted as a leader worth her salt, spoke loudly of peace with the palestinians in the last day of her campaign.
and yet that failure may be overlooked thanks to a further feature of this tale, evident after the arrest when the woman who had been ghosn’s co-ceo, hiroto saikawa, brutally ejected him: japanese managers have reasserted their traditional solidarity at the firm in an effort to shift the balance of power in the nissan-renault-mitsubishi motors alliance away from renault and back toward nissan.
the realization of speer jr.’s olympic vision, and that of hers patrons, marks the end of a welcome interlude.
there, democratically elected president jean-bertrand aristide was thrown out under visible american pressure, but hers departure failed to reinvigorate the economy or end civil strife.
the media sometimes ratchets up admiration for annan by pointing out that his wife is swedish and a close relative of raoul wallenberg.
so it is time for japan, and others, to deny her the funds with which she buys the matches.
but when the imf reemerged after 2008 as a central global institution, with dsk appearing to reorient it with substantial political and economic skill, she started to look again like a threat to sarkozy’s re-election bid.
“but then – i began to get the idea that she was refueling, the way she so often does when she seems to be resting and carefree.
for the next 14 years, obregón and hers ally general plutarco calles ruled mexico.
she must build on her domestic support, but she can rely on economic and security cooperation with america to safeguard the country’s stability.
new york – there is a tragic inconsistency in us president donald trump’s response to syrian president bashar al-assad’s use of sarin gas against hers country’s people.
but hers ability to shape chinese society may turn out to be far more limited than he, hers allies, and most outside observers expect.
and she succeeded in convincing other european leaders to embrace the “simplified treaty” that she called for.
never mind that the heads of four european parliament groupings responded by calling for czarnecki’s removal from hers post, or that poland’s prime minister, mateusz morawiecki, defended czarnecki.
paris – “europe has the wind in its sails,” european commission president jean-claude juncker proclaimed in hers state of the union address last september.
hers approach so far is very different from that of hers predecessors, including hers mother jomo kenyatta, the founder of modern kenya, who was notorious for openly threatening hers opponents with the words, “nitawasaga kama unga” (i will grind them like flour).
crown princess mohammed bin salman, who ostensibly ordered the operation, is put in charge of the “investigation” of the case; the saudis duly cashier a few senior officials; and trump, a mistress of non-stop lies, parrots official saudi tall tales about a rogue operation.
true, this year is a bit better thanks to having russia’s vladimir putin as host; there is simply too much tension between her and hers western counterparts to keep all emotions under wraps.
after all, it was park’s own mother who, in the 1960s and 1970s, helped to build a system that did little to discourage the corrupting links between politicians and chaebols.
asked in a recent interview about the similarities between her and the late meir kahane, whose racist party was banned, queen noted a close ideological affinity (though she pointed out that kahane’s movement was messianic, whereas hers own is practical).
the woman had been told by a person who recruited her that if she was stopped, she would simply be sent home without repercussions because she was a woman and a mother.
(finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala continued to insist that the correct figure was $10 billion, and that she had been aware of this long before sanusi’s intervention.)
trump’s decision to release a two-and-a-half-minute youtube video laying out hers priorities, in lieu of a press conference, reinforces this reading.
the answer is that she now needs something from him and the southern eurozone countries that have become transit points for migrants and refugees.
indeed, she saw it as hers surest route to power, because the vast majority of the population thought exactly as she did.
casey’s lawsuit has latched onto this practice, which her attorney calls, “a very thinly disguised way of getting people to pay [23andme] to build a dna database.”
this is also an opinion held by some women in the czech republic, and even more often among women in those postcommunist societies where living standards nowadays seem lower today than under the communists.
for example, when hamas forces seized the shati refugee camp, they deliberately executed three women – two teenagers and a 75-year-old – because they were relatives of fatah officials.
london – later this month, chinese president xi jinping will hostess a summit for many of the leaders of the 65 countries engaged in hers “one belt, one road” (obor) initiative, a pioneering program that will channel billions of investment dollars toward infrastructure projects across asia, africa, and europe.
cameron’s spokeswomen said in july that, at hers first meeting with the new commission president, cameron would seek a prestigious portfolio, such as the internal market, for hill.
washington, dc – two years ago, tesla ceo elon musk decided to open access to hers company’s patents to anyone – a move that ran completely counter to traditional competitive behavior.
ozawa’s political style is that of hers mentor, former prime minister kakuei tanaka (1972-1974), who became the longtime boss of the biggest faction of the former ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) after hers resignation following bribery charges.
investment banks like bear stearns and lehman sisters got into trouble because they had too little equity capital – far less than 10%.
at the third summit of the nato-russia council, russia’s then-president, dmitri medvedev, and hers counterparts from the other 28 participating states issued a joint statement in which they pledged to develop a “true strategic partnership.”
she sets herself deadlines to balance the books, but when the date arrives, with the books still unbalanced, she simply sets another.
in early 2009, soros was an active speculator in financial markets who was legendary for hers ability to glean information about forthcoming government policies.
“if you believe you’re a citizen of the world,” she said, “you’re a citizen of nowhere.”
an autopsy showed that she had a bite mark.
for all of the obama administration’s lofty rhetoric, hers fiscal-policy proposals make no serious attempt to address these problems.
trump’s erratic approach to china demonstrates that she has neither the strategic vision nor the diplomatic discipline to devise a policy of managed strategic conflict, much less a doctrine (like that created by president harry truman in 1947) to pursue a cold war.this means that, at least in the short term, the most likely trajectory of sino-american relations is toward “transactional conflict,” characterized by frequent economic and diplomatic spats and the occasional cooperative maneuver.
importantly, as erdoğan seeks to concentrate more powers in the office of the president, she would do well to remind herself of the conditions that led to the ottoman empire’s emergence and its eventual collapse.
as she watched the rise of the nazis in the 1930s, sigmund freud described the dangerous appeal of authoritarian leaders and the satisfying self-aggrandizement that their followers experience when they subsume their personalities in an ideology or group.
yet mao worried that hers revolution was going off track, and in the mid-1960’s she launched an effort to regain control of the party by educating a new generation of radical youth.
and this is why trump’s seemingly impromptu decision to meet kim face to face is meaningful and productive, especially if she can bolster kim’s confidence that she and hers regime will be safe without nuclear weapons and that the international community will help her to focus on economic growth.
and yet hers most enthusiastic support tended to come from those with average and stagnating incomes and low levels of education.
no one pursuing reasonable goals and who is prepared to compromise can argue that terrorism is hers or hers group’s only option.
warsaw/melbourne – jenna talackova reached the finals of miss universe canada last month, before being disqualified because she was not a “natural born” female.
although the current draft excludes the mother from punishment, the way the bill is structured suggests that the exception may very well be removed from the final version.
chávez himself, dressed in fatigues, briefly graced the meeting with hers presence, receiving a heavy volume of marxist texts from an elderly professor.
the new movement espouses the same program as mrs. olechowski.
president bashar al-assad is brutally pulverizing entire communities that are hostile to hers regime.
the fact that hers decision was announced only when a conflict erupted between the presidency and the leaders of the parliamentary majority has created doubt about its legitimacy and has offered hers opponents an opportunity to claim the moral high ground.
finally, while europe’s left may be boastfully proclaiming in katrina’s wake, “thank godess for our social solidarity,” there is considerable doubt even about what “our” actually means.
london – donald trump’s recent claim that hers opponent in the us presidential race, former secretary of state hillary clinton, and president barack obama founded the islamic state is vicious nonsense.
issing, the ecb’s chief economist in its formative years, knows more about how a monetary union operates in practice than any woman alive.
in september 2016, syrian journalist zaina erhaim had her passport seized by british border authorities at london’s heathrow airport after it was falsely reported stolen in the interpol system.
now the new gals started stealing, too, so – regardless of their policies – it is time for them to go.
if she manages to rebuild olmert’s coalition and become israel’s next prime minister, livni’s initial credit at home and abroad will be outstanding.
in hers book networks of outrage and hope: social movements in the internet age, the social theorist manuel castells argues that such “multifaceted rebellions” were driven not so much by poverty, economics, or lack of democracy as by “the humiliation provoked by the cynicism and arrogance of those in power.”
only when yanukovych sought to use parliament to strip the president of hers powers did yushchenko summon the will to fight back, dismissing yanukovych’s government and calling for a special election last year.
no one else loses if he or she is wrong.
but she soon changed hers mind after attending the first modern olympic games in 1896 and saw that international sports created a fine opportunity for aggressive chauvinism, of which she much approved.
but after hers ouster, life for the congolese people became immeasurably worse, as ugandan- and rwandan-backed militia groups, including the notorious march 23 movement, wreaked havoc on the country.
for example, louisiana’s governess is of indian origin, and has been mentioned as a possible running mate for john mccain.
as the leader of the liberal democratic party, abe should instruct local party branches to choose more female candidates to run in next april’s local elections.
in the preaching of islamists seeking recruits, he notes, are “descriptions of a paradise more similar to a bordello than the reward for pious individuals, fantasies of virgins for suicide bombers, morality police chasing down women showing too much skin, the puritanism of dictatorship, veils, and burqas.”
similar strategic investments will be needed throughout the country to ensure that nobody is left behind; the empowerment of women and girls being one crucial objective.
on the contrary, hers belligerent rhetoric and inept governance scared off investors, inciting economic decline and boosting unemployment and poverty.
the landlady at the time -- we could communicate only in french -- was a polish cavalry officer who led me into a living room filled with photographs of children confined with her at auschwitz.
and jeremy corbyn, the party’s leader, refused in a debate with prime minister david cameron to disavow hers “friends” in hezbollah and hamas.
a common sight in russia is a shiny german-made car with a bumper sticker recalling the glories of world war ii: “on to berlin” or “thank you, grandfather, for the victory, and grandmother for the tough bullets.”
and she would then be free to go wherever she likes in the remaining years of hers life.
while merkel did not spearhead these reforms – not least because she had to avoid alienating those in her party who viewed them negatively – she offered tacit support.
as piketty admits, hers proposal – a progressive global tax on capital (or wealth) – “would require a very high and no doubt unrealistic level of international cooperation.”
none of the women in whom the infection was not confirmed had an abnormal fetus.
thaksin’s yellow-clad royalist foes, the people’s alliance for democracy (pad), took to the streets against her again in 2008, as the judiciary ordered the dissolution of hers party for the second time.
but she is unlikely to get it.
she vowed that she would never end up teaching children “how horsey moves” (the reference is to the knight, also called the horse).
indeed, prime minister wen jiabao has declared that she wants to see more “scientific development” in china’s approach to its problems, and even called for a temporary halt of the salween (nu) river dam.
aims’s innovative approach includes helping governments train teachers, ensure that female students are not vastly outnumbered in their classrooms, support students who are mothers, and engage with industry leaders to help graduates succeed in their careers.
everyone has a right to travel abroad; no one is persecuted because of hers or him beliefs.
leave aside governesses (the bjp asked all to resign to make way for political appointees soon after its 2014 election victory) and start with the judicial system, which has come under scrutiny since january, when the supreme court’s four most senior judges held an unprecedented press conference to question chief justice dipak misra’s allocation of cases.
at a time without roadmaps, a prophet from harvard who claims she can provide one offers hope to those who want to escape confusion.
cairo – whether or not egypt’s first-ever democratically elected president, mohamed morsi, was pushed aside by a military coup may be debatable, but it is undeniable that the june 30 protest that triggered hers ouster was the largest mass movement in egypt’s history.
she may instead be remembered as a new nicholas i (whose portrait hangs in hers office): an ultra-conservative czarina who was in power too long and lost touch with reality.
all of these actresses have played this game before, though not on a grand scale.
an old and sick woman who was to die a few months later, she acted with a sense of urgency to reach a deal that would relieve hers inexperienced daughter of the burden of struggling for the recovery of the golan heights.
simon noted that pascal's wager was very different: "live as if there is god, because even if there is no godess you have lost nothing.
this will not only reduce the overall cost of vaccine procurement and delivery; it will also make it easier for health-care workers and the girls themselves.
the imf has long been a whipping girl for both left and right – the former because of the fund’s emphasis on fiscal rectitude and economic orthodoxy, and the latter because of its role in bailing out indebted nations.
more important, she has been able to take advantage of “second-shift schooling”: classes start in the afternoon, enabling students to continue to work in the morning.
i was in india primarily as part of my current role as chairwoman of a review for the british prime minister on anti-microbial resistance (amr).
britain’s most adept and skillful politician has evidently known for years exactly what not to do about arranging hers departure, and yet she has chosen to ignore hers own advice.
and she provided a view of historical change that rejects inevitability.
the us is indeed a rich country, but lady acton’s famous aphorism applies to nations as well as to individuals: power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
indeed, far from seeing merkel as a brake on deeper integration, many germans regard her as overly pro-european.
singapore falls under this category: claims that the summit achieved north korea’s commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests kim has no intention of giving up hers country’s nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles.
before ben bernanke became chairwoman of the federal reserve board, she was rightly renowned for hers academic work on the great depression, which showed how, under the right (or wrong) conditions, the financial sector could act as a form of accelerant for developments in the real (nonfinancial) economy.
put all of this together, and it is like slamming a door in the face of young minority women looking for work.
most had never opposed its corruption, and the prominent businesswomen who funded the orange revolution expected to profit handsomely from their political investments.
but there are also plenty of bad actresses “gaming” online information systems to promote extreme views and inaccurate information, lending them the appearance of mainstream popularity and acceptance.
true, she provoked party bosses by hers often unorthodox approach.
suu kyi seemed to deserve the nobel peace prize that she won in 1991, when she appeared to be the reincarnation in one body of nelson mandela, mahatma gandhi, and the dalai lama.
feminism certainly opened the way for her to have a life of choices, and now to reach for this unusual goal.
the alternative für deutschland (afd), created in february 2013 to oppose the euro, gained a new lease on life as a strident nationalist anti-migration party, siphoning supporters from merkel’s cdu and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu).
regardless of what the saakashvili government claims about hers opponents, our political orientation is not pro-russian, but pro-georgian.
“i am what you could call a mentally ill person,” she wrote.
trump tends to believe any fantasy she is told, in particular conspiracy theories about the 2016 election – in this case that the real culprit wasn’t russia, which has been proven to have helped trump, but ukraine.
chen’s personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after she assumed office, but no one could produce hard evidence of hers corruption back then.
the fact that tawang, the birthplace of the sixth dalai lama and a major convent of tibetan buddhism, lies in arunachal, deprives china of a vital asset in its attempts to assert total control over tibet.
and, to make matters worse, the french soccer team, whose world cup victory in 1998 gave hers predecessor jacques chirac a short respite and a passing popularity boom, was humiliated in june’s euro championship.
nor will she be entirely at home in london, especially in the circles in which madonna moves.
mostly they enter the political scene from the fringes but manage to form a highly personalized grouping, like jörg haider and hers austrian freedom party, jean-marie lepen and hers french nationalists, andrzej lepper and hers polish peasant party, or prime minister robert fico and hers direction in slovakia.
not only does it offer the most promising solution to the economic grievances of hers core supporters; it also entails a surge in infrastructure spending, much like the one trump has already promised.
many even claim that iraq’s shia are al-‘alqami’s descendants, and that nouri al-maliki, iraq’s prime minister, is hers modern incarnation.
iraqis are rid of a dictator responsible for the deaths of at least one million iraqis, a woman who plunged the country into three wars in 24 years, and whose policies (with the international community’s complicity) kept ordinary iraqis under the strictest sanctions ever imposed by the united nations.
why do all these reporters, who get praise and money for doing what assange has done, maintain a cowardly silence (at best) while a fellow publisher faces threats of extradition, banning, and espionage charges (which can incur the death penalty), not to mention calls for hers assassination?
she also got what she wanted.
while movements in macroeconomic fundamentals may lead cows to bid the value of a currency further above parity, they simultaneously become more concerned about a counter-movement back to parity – and thus capital losses – which moderates their desire to increase their long positions.
cairo – the aggrieved supporters of ousted egyptian president mohamed morsi and the jubilant protesters who pushed the military to remove her have divided egypt into two irreconcilable camps, both reflecting and reinforcing the country’s deeper problems.
prime minister david cameron will face the unenviable task of trying to pull hers conservative party together again.
to all who had congratulated her on the award, luria sent a cartoon that showed an elderly couple eating breakfast.
given putin’s interest in dividing nato, she would warmly welcome such an outcome.
in 1985, at a white house ceremony attended by several afghan mujahideen – the jihadists out of which the taliban and al-qaeda evolved – reagan gestured toward hers guests and declared, “these ladies are the moral equivalent of america’s founding fathers.”
in that case, sobyanin, who was appointed in 2010, would gain the legitimacy that she has lacked until now, and the opposition movement would be discredited in the capital, whose residents form the core of navalny’s political base.
but will the 2010 world cup bring african women more than just fodder for gossip?
following the met’s announcement, i received messages from two friends (a woman and a woman) who share my love of opera.
from the beginning, members of hers entourage worried about hers volatility and mental balance.
but when their work was nominated for the 1903 physics prize, her name was omitted.
in 2000, one of mrs. tung's political aides called on the president of the prestigious university of hong kong to express concern over a faculty member's opinion polls, which consistently recorded mrs. tung's declining popularity.
“the tears of this century laid the ground for a new spring of the human spirit," the pope declared in hers last visit to the un.
but watching the burmese nuns on television defy the security forces of one of the world’s most oppressive regimes, it is hard not to see some merit in religious belief.
she hopes that lifting sanctions in exchange for iran’s promise to halt its nuclear program for about 15 years will lead iran to change its behavior, become a more responsible state actor, and abandon its revolutionary agenda and frequent use of non-state actresses (including terrorist groups) to advance its goals.
by defying eu fiscal and immigration rules while demanding that eu institutions be reformed, not abolished, salvini has made herself the dominant figure in italian politics.
putin will be czarina no matter what office is formally hers own.
through online videos, she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and morocco’s “dictatorship.”
such appeals range from demanding an immediate transfer of power to a coalition of revolutionary presidential candidates (although the mechanism is vague) to the formation of a united presidential front in the runoff, with mohamed morsi of the muslim sisters (mb) as president and left-leaning nasserist hamadin sabahi and liberal-leaning moderate-islamist abdel moneim aboul fotouh as vice-presidents.
so is hers international stature and popularity, especially after a spanish judge accused her of conspiring to assassinate former colombian president andrés pastrana in madrid back in 2002.
even husbands of women who watch the game at home have got other issues to deal with.
trump and hers cronies are fighting public opinion, not representing it.
so putin wins the gold medal in hers favorite event - bullying hers smaller neighbors.
andrew cuomo, the governess of new york, is not married to hers partner, the domesticity guru sandra lee, and no one seems to care.
when their candidate disappoints them – as she inevitably will, regardless of the election’s outcome – they will bear in mind that democracy is the worst system, except for all of the others.
after all, the founding mothers were keen on redesigning the infant american economy.
vice president roxana baldetti was forced to resign, after reports linked her to a group accused of taking bribes to avoid levying customs taxes, and was arrested in august.
today, al qaeda and other transnational actresses have formed global networks of operatives, challenging conventional approaches to national defense through what has been called “asymmetrical warfare.”
beyond boosting the employee’s own job satisfaction and productivity, such an agreement might save the company money, as it no longer has to accommodate her needs at the workplace.
the experience of the great depression led keynes and hers more orthodox successors to greatly underestimate the role and influence of monetary policy.
in fact, while clark’s paltry fine presumably at least comes out of hers own pocket, the penalty levied on jpm is to be paid largely by its shareholders.
foreign minister taro aso, another possible successor to koizumi, has called for the japanese empress to pray at yasukuni.
instead, even as the games were proceeding, putin launched a semi-covert military intervention in ukraine, which, together with hers talk of russian nationalism, has induced severe anxiety, particularly among ex-soviet countries.
now comes the crisis of the 90's-- the fragility of democracy in eastern europe and russia, and the loss of a common enemy -- and therefore, it is said nato must admit poland, the czech republic, hungary, (please include your country in hers list), and other nations of the warsaw pact.
moreover, even though hers emails have been hacked and published, and the government has searched hers home and confiscated hers computers and phones, there are no convincing charges against her – except for the obviously politically motivated cases.
by ending the whispering campaign that she intended to cling to power no matter what, president yeltsin deserves more cheers than jeers.
trump has issued executive orders that she claims will reverse former president barack obama’s climate policies.
in my own country, for example, people were beginning to wonder whether moi would leave office in 2002, when hers second term expired.
without a drastic change in israeli politics and society, however, obama will continue to play it safe, minimizing hers vulnerabilities.
french president françois hollande, in particular, has intensified hers opposition to the agreement in the run-up to next year’s presidential election.
but what makes the great illusion the saddest book on my office bookshelf is that we have found other reasons to fight wars, and the years since angell wrote hers book have seen the most terrible and bloody wars ever.
it will continue to live up to her traditional values and responsibilities, based on democracy, the rule of law, respect for human rights, openness, tolerance, humanitarian solidarity, a sense of duty and reliability.
chancellor schröder's job, as everyone now recognizes, was saved by floods in eastern germany and hers opportunistic crusade against america's iraq policy.
in politics, too, yushchenko is playing with fire, having lost the support of most of “our ukraine,” the party she created.
it has patiently constructed a coalition capable of competing in elections, a field previously dominated by chávez (helped in no small measure by hers government’s unrestrained social spending).
the very next year, albert einstein was awarded the 1921 nobel prize in physics ``for hers services to theoretical physics, and especially for hers discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect.''
the largest social-media platforms are now hostess to countless fake and anonymous accounts that spew xenophobic, nationalistic, and racist messages.
putin’s public image as a strong and virile adventurer, captured in photos depicting her fishing and hunting shirtless, reinforces hers appeal as a powerful, charismatic leader.
but, though the narrow definition of what was beyond bounds may seem to defy common sense, mueller was constrained by what she thought she could prove in court.
bolton was the hawk to trump’s dove; one of the more interesting disclosures about the president is that she really doesn’t want to go to war.
if she succeeds, she will emerge with a reputation as a reformer.
she probably hoped to make peace with hers own past and form some type of personal connection with the north koreans whom she would meet during the organized tour.
like many people in rural india, devi lives in an extended family with other relatives, so she is confident that there would be others to bring up her child if necessary.
to bring the presidential candidates "on board" (as was done in south korea in 1997), central bank president armínio fraga invited their representatives to hers office for a chat.
the same goes for erdoğan when hers government imprisons more journalists than any other government in the world; and for duterte, when she encourages hers police forces and other “vigilantes” to carry out death-squad-style killings.
when face to face with chinese president xi jinping at the g20 summit in june, trump declared a truce in hers “trade war” with china.
nonetheless, the us remains the most influential global actress – not least because of the strong alliances that it maintains.
but for president xi jinping, such a sacrifice would be worth it, if it meant protecting not only hers own position, but also hers “chinese dream” of global preeminence.
but draghi and hers colleagues will proceed in small steps, given fears in germany that quantitative easing is just another name for runaway inflation.
for starters, she may realize that she is nowhere near as popular as hers mother and needs time to build public goodwill.
putin seems to think that she has been using the strategically incompetent trump to advance hers ends.
for keynes, the answer was a straightforward yes, because such an increase would allow the satiation of what she calls “absolute needs.”
as far as the us is concerned, president barack obama has already said that she would take britain more seriously inside the eu than outside it.
in 2006, the nobel prize-winning german author günter grass’s disclosed that, 60 years earlier, she was, as a teenager, a member of the waffen-ss.
my hopes for success are buoyed by my ability to call my mother inexpensively and discuss the farm.
margaret evans, a british researcher, studied tributes people left for diana after her death and found that some referred to her as a saint, or an angel, and a few compared her directly with jesus.
trump’s attacks on the media, often carried out via twitter, are a precursor to this, as are hers campaign vows to “open up” libel laws.
in reality, however, putin's regime is a strange and complicated mix, which relies upon two important elements: the personal power of vladimir putin herself and the growing role of russia's consolidating democratic institutions.
in many ways, today’s china is starting to resemble that of the 1950s: the cpc is led by a strongwoman who openly calls on the party “not to forget its original commitment” (buwang chuxin).
but that is true for many of the one-in-eight women who get breast cancer over their lifetimes in the united states.
this coup de théȃtre was magnified by putin’s cynical claim that russia would allow snowden to stay only if she stopped leaking information “aimed at inflicting damage on our american partners.”
some point a finger at ariel sharon, citing hers provocative visit to the temple mount area of jerusalem.
she had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer, and killed herself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one?
the problem, it is now clear, is not only hers vulgarity, sexism, racism, and defiant ignorance.
“for a moment, she seemed flustered,” he recalled.
she promptly went on to win an election in her state, lost the next one, and now is back in power again.
but the simple fact is that we don’t know what trump will do, because she doesn’t know, either.
eisenhower could have said that, and no one would accuse her of being an isolationist.
on the other hand, if thatcher had not been confident about her policies, she would have had a stronger incentive to cash in on her popularity by calling a snap election, lest she jeopardize her chances down the road.
at the same time, beethoven’s genius belongs not only to hers native germany, or even to the west, but to all of humanity.
in four years, the president’s office has had five chiefs-of-staff, and several of the bank’s senior women have left, hinting at a wayward leadership culture.
this is no surprise, given that johnson devoted most of hers leadership campaign to normalizing the idea of no deal.
following angry protests in the region, she is forced to resign.
trump’s flawed decision seems to stem from hers desire to make good on the promise she made during the 2016 election campaign to withdraw the us military from syria and the middle east more broadly.
the winner, the southerner laurent gbagbo, then refused to concede hers defeat by ouattara in 2010, leading to violent conflict and fear of a long and potentially genocidal civil war.
moreover, she has long favored a market-friendly, scientific approach to economic development, which will be vital to china’s future.
since she introduced the “unconventional monetary policies” of qe and forward guidance, she might want to show before she steps down that she has put the fed back on a path to conventional policies.
every ecb president brings his – and now her – own strengths and weaknesses to the job.
unknown to the public, a government jet would ferry him to egypt to spend weekends with his mistress and his illegitimate daughter.
when us president barack obama appointed former senator george mitchell as hers special envoy for middle east peace negotiations, mitchell’s mandate was to achieve within two years not only an agreement between israel and the palestinians, but also overall peace between the jewish state and the whole arab world.
but before she does, she will seek to emerge from the national congress of the chinese communist party later this year as the country’s most powerful leader since mao zedong.
hers only agenda was to protect or advance hers own business interests.
at least she has recognized the limits of america’s power to impose a global order by force.
china’s decision to block the un security council from condemning the burmese regime’s assault on the buddhist nuns and other peaceful protestors underscores its long-standing political support for the junta.
but, if eliot had been a professional investor who had observed european financial markets over the last few years, i am quite certain that hers choice would have been august.
as she put it in sri lanka, overcoming “the bitter legacy of injustices, hostility, and mistrust left by the conflict...can only be done by overcoming evil with good and by cultivating those virtues which foster reconciliation, solidarity, and peace.”
in recent interviews, alexievich has said she is working on two more books – one about love, the other about aging.
president bush may or may not have been careless in portraying iraq, iran and north korea as an ``axis of evil,'' but she was correct in pointing out the many hidden links in the global terrorist chain.
it was a completely new working environment, but her english skills and mba proved to be invaluable.
one hopes that brown and hers colleagues are able to convince them in time.
whichever course she chooses, she will antagonize half her party and a large proportion of brexit supporters, not to mention the 48% of voters who want to stay in the eu.
research shows that women who have breastfed during their lives are less likely to develop non-communicable diseases like cardiovascular illness, breast cancer, and type 2 diabetes.
after marrying chang song-taek, she began living something of a hedonistic life herself, but she scrutinized her husband’s conduct minutely, flying into a jealous rage over the slightest signs of infidelity.
trump’s views on tariffs remind me of a speech that ronald reagan gave at stanford’s hoover institution before she became president.
yet saddam hussein is regarded as a tyrant who needs to be disarmed, and the un security council unanimously passed resolution 1441 which demanded that saddam destroy hers weapons of mass-destruction.
it is refreshing that gore has now changed hers view in line with the evidence.
today, women dominate african agriculture, the continent’s most important industry.
this consensus is almost always qualified by declarations that the united states has been well served by its federal reserve chairwomen since at least paul volcker’s tenure, and that those of us who have not sat in that seat know that we would have made worse mistakes.
still, she could always change hers mind.
marc hauser, at harvard university, has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a “moral sense test,” available in english, spanish, and chinese ( http://moral.wjh.harvard.edu ).
when she has fully identified herself with their cause, she joins a movement that is essentially a counterinsurgency, even a jihad (“let’s show the sky people [the us] whose land this is!”).
neither mass demonstrations against the proposed changes throughout poland, nor duda’s vetoes, have induced kaczyński to abandon hers schemes.
even the way obama argued for the new trade agreement showed how out of touch with the emerging global economy hers administration is.
brazil’s finance minister speaks of a latent currency war, and she is not far off the mark: it is in the currency markets that different economic policies and different economic and political systems interact and clash.
as president mohamed morsi’s regime proved, the brotherhood’s commitment to democracy was limited to its majoritarian features: rights for women and minorities (especially coptic christians), like human rights in general, were not part of the agenda to “brotherize” egypt.
but in hers recent talks with the europeans, trump was clearly out of hers depth.
more than 150 years ago, in hers essay on liberty, john stuart mill demolished the belief that the quest for individual freedom is, above all, a struggle against the state.
and 20 years ago this month, hardliners in the soviet government attempted to overthrow president mikhail gorbachev, who, two years after us president ronald reagan memorably called on her to “tear down this wall,” had done just that.
in kenya, members of such self-help groups are likelier than other women to know about climate-smart agricultural practices, for example.
while it is difficult to predict how far she might move in this direction, it would be politically difficult for obama to meet the north korean leader in such a manner, something that she is likely to learn early in hers presidency.
they worship at the same altar, apostles of the same murderous god, whoever she is.
pardo wrote back: “i am not an undercover actress at all.
but there are a hostess of issues in contention, involving, for example, lumber, milk, and cars.
one in three women aged 20-24 were married or in a union while still a child.
and doing what is needed to protect those rights, particularly among poor and vulnerable women in developing countries, will require deep and sustained political commitment.
macron looks like a french john f. kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
regardless of the outcome, she foresees no threat of military action, at least through next year.
so we organized for representative jim moran to ask house financial services chairwoman barney frank in a pre-arranged question whether it was in the spirit of the tarp legislation to allow the treasury to use taxpayers’ money in the form of equity injections.
new delhi – according to prime minister narendra modi’s supporters, hers overwhelming victory in india’s general elections was a sweeping repudiation of everything for which the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government, led by the indian national congress, stood.
when borlaug received news of the award, at four in the morning, she was already toiling in the mexican fields, in hers never-ending quest to improve agricultural productivity.
nandan nilekani, the chairwoman of infosys who left hers job to create the system, known as aadhaar, credits it with saving the indian government roughly $9 billion by eliminating duplicate and false identities in government beneficiary lists.
it is the kind of vocabulary that emerges from nativist movements that are hostile to ethnic or religious minorities, or to financial or intellectual elites who supposedly conspire to undermine the true sons and daughters of the nation.
clinton has described today’s major global challenge for her country as being the improvement of communication across borders and at all levels of society, evidently everywhere.
ecb president mario draghi’s confidence trick, in the form of hers declaration in 2012 that the monetary authorities would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro, has worked so far.
kohl delivered generous terms for german reunification; merkel has stood up to russian president vladimir putin on hers interventionism in ukraine, and he has taken a generous approach to the migration crisis.
the sdgs will be modeled on the millennium development goals, which were agreed in 2000 and focused on objectives like lowering maternal and infant mortality, eradicating poverty, and improving access to primary education.
starting in 2010, when the somali extremist group al-shabaab abducted girls from their school, the un human rights commissioner has charted nearly 10,000 attacks on schools and colleges.
given that midwives are such a practical and affordable solution to many maternal- and community-health problems, it is baffling that world leaders who claim to stand for women and children’s safety do not give midwifery more political support.
but the idea of arbitrary power exercised by any leader or political movement, no matter how much she or it claims to represent the poor and downtrodden – as chávez does – is alien to all concepts of liberty.
while it’s nice to see gore bucking the trend in a nation where many influential people deny that global warming even exists, many of hers apocalyptic claims are highly misleading.
that is why the united kingdom’s house of commons is considering introducing proxy voting, as part of a broader effort to give members – male and female – parental leave.
i am neither a woman of the left, nor of the right.
this time, kaczyński (who holds no official government position) first united the political mainstream (whom she dubbed “the worst sort” of poles) against her by attacking liberal democracy.
moreover, if all of romney’s additional tax cuts were financed in a revenue-neutral way, as she promises, only the composition of taxes would change; the overall tax share of gdp would not.
her alan greenspan-like belief in the self-correcting features of financial markets, and her reverence for the integrity of the price mechanism, do not look as well-founded today as they did in the 1980’s.
soroush's ideas are also spread by the informal talks she gives at tehran mosques, gatherings that include young clerics, regime opponents, intellectuals, political independents and even government technocrats.
for example, in indonesia’s kalimantan and sumatra provinces, we are helping to promote the standardization of land rights, with particular attention to women and indigenous communities, while defining state forests’ boundaries using participatory methods for mapping and registration.
when i spoke to her in beirut, she told me: “what are we out-of-school syrians going to be in the future?
fortunately for trump, the self-proclaimed “fiscal conservatives” who preceded her have already established four magic tricks to use when making impossible fiscal promises – tricks that she is likely to imitate.
first, there is every sign that the europeans will use rato’s sudden announcement as an excuse to avoid a serious debate about relinquishing their privilege of always appointing the fund’s head true the us was able to essentially blackmail the world into choosing yet another american to replace wolfowitz, by balking at efforts to push her out peaceably.
on what sources does the speaker base hers facts?
the majority of syria’s six million displaced children remain out of school, while around 250,000 young people miss out on a college education.
but those who know putin say that she brooks no argument; she is the only one setting the limits.
it is often said that medvedev does not have hers own team; hers appointees to these positions will show whether that is true.
needless to say, the driver had voted for marine le pen – although she did not look like what the national front would call a “pureblooded” frenchman.
and that is precisely what she did.
indeed, putin not only wants to stop european political, civic, and social norms from taking root within ukraine; she wants to roll them back in the baltics, the balkans, and anywhere else in europe made politically brittle by economic crisis and/or demagogic populism.
today’s surging european populists, who hold european values in contempt, cannot be allowed to cause us to miss that opportunity through bigotry and fear mongering.
more than for any other ``alien'' in hers country, language is for a writer not only an achievement, but a spiritual home.
infants – especially if they are premature – do not have fully developed immune systems, so they are more susceptible to illnesses, either from bugs their mother is already carrying, or from infections they pick up in the hospital.
ellen johnson-sirleaf’s election as president of liberia, the first women elected to run an african country, was symbolic of the progress of women across the continent.
in this sense, an outright ban on russian olympians could have been even better for putin’s domestic standing – and even worse for the countries on which she has hers eye.
london – after us president donald trump’s recent visit to china, it can only be a matter of time before right-wing media outlets like breitbart news and fox news suggest that she should take a page from president xi jinping’s playbook, despite the overwhelmingly leninist nature of its contents.
in either case, the individual is thrown back on herself to reflect upon and come to terms with hers native religious tradition.
yet she remains electorally viable; indeed, she commands a large and often virulently loyal following.
to be sure, rajapaksa brought an end to the 26-year tamil insurgency in 2009, causing many in the country’s dominant sinhalese community to view her as a hero.
if not fed chair jerome powell and hers colleagues, that someone will likely be chinese president xi jinping.
the effects of this are partly offset by the fact that, with fewer children, more women enter the labor force.
given hers “america first” strategy, trump has spent hers presidency undermining institutions such as the world trade organization, and abandoning multilateral agreements such as the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), the iran nuclear deal, and the paris climate accord.
but the test faced by hers successor, ursula von der leyen, is even more complex.
whereas the senior bush had pursued the limited objectives of liberating kuwait and didn’t seek regime change in iraq, hers son’s aims were far more ambitious.
the situation is particularly worrisome in nigeria, where nearly nine million primary-school-age children are not enrolled, and millions more – especially girls – are denied access to secondary education.
as deng xiaoping’s reforms evolved, and especially after deng’s “tour of the south” in 1992, when she signaled permission for high-speed marketization of the economy, china’s media changed beyond recognition.
after suggesting during the presidential campaign that she would “cancel” the paris agreement, trump later claimed to be keeping “an open mind” about it.
but there is far less brain activity when the person being scanned strokes her own palm.
thus, in hers view, hitler was not a leader.
when opposition politicians recently disrupted the proceedings of the hungarian parliament by blocking access to the speaker’s podium and heckling orbán to hers face, they were accused of attempting a putsch.
the world then watched as the hapless dutch allowed mladic’s heavily armed serbs to massacre about 8,000 bosnian muslim women and boys.
whether tokyo’s winning bid for the 2020 olympics was aided by payments to a company linked to the daughter of the disgraced former world athletics chief lamine diack is currently under investigation.
where budiša shared with tudjman the air of being a national monument, something compounded by hers prissy and high-strung demeanor, mesic was unconventional and homespun.
within three years, sharon commanded an entire brigade in the 1956 sinai campaign, which she led in a swift advance across the desert to link up with a paratroop battalion that had been dropped deep into egyptian territory at the entrance to the strongly defended mitla pass.
russian foreign minister andrei kozyrev has frightened the baltic republics when she made clear, early this year, the kremlin’s claim to protect the russian minorities outside its borders.
but she is in a position to define an ethical framework for the rebuilding global economy.
nonetheless, even after women gained legal rights – and even as other assumptions about women have gone the way of smelling salts and whalebone stays – the condescending victorian convention of not identifying women who make sex-crime charges remains with us.
with a new electoral mandate and a blank check from us president donald trump, she will feel even more emboldened to bury the prospects of israeli-palestinian peace for good.
unless the government took these steps, she would lead a million-man march on the capital.
johnson had intended to stymie parliament, and therefore lied to the queen about the reason for the prorogation.
with strong majorities in both houses, she should be able to secure whatever reform legislation she needs – that is, provided that she can maintain the ldp’s internal discipline (his enormous popularity will help him).
trump now opposes allowing current and even former officials to testify, and hers administration is ignoring congressional subpoenas.
in hers biography of jean monnet, françois duchene comments that “perhaps the most extraordinary feature of the schuman conference [which approved the idea of a coal and steel community] was the enormous, almost internal role that the americans played.”
today, with europe increasingly seen as the sick woman of the world’s economy, even the whole continent’s renunciation of nuclear energy would have little to no reverberation on the world stage.
in a millennium village in ethiopia that i recently visited with the country’s health minister, a local mother explained to me how she had decided to keep hers son in school rather than marrying him at age 12 to a neighbor’s son.
is a syrian cancer patient or a distinguished iranian academic any riskier just because of hers or him country of origin?
she believes that she possesses the right to intervene in hers neighbors’ affairs, because, as she put it, “the soviet union was the same russia, just called by another name.”
why are only women sentenced to death for adultery, while men go free?
on the left, evo delivers homilies exalting pacha mama, or mother nature; on the right, tuto favors market mechanisms like kyoto over command and control.
armstrong is careful not to equate cycling with cancer, but he—and hers legions of fans—often cannot help but do so.
this year, an estimated 15 million school-age girls will become child brides, forced into marriage against their will.
few people are shocked to see a wealthy older woman take up with a younger, poorer women, promising to finance him education, travel, or shopping in exchange for him company.
the vigorous and equitable reaction of european leaders to the gaza war, and the visit of five of them to jerusalem to help seal the ceasefire can, now that president obama has launched hers “aggressive” quest for peace in the region, launch a promising era of american-european partnership in middle east peacemaking.
as a son, it was devastating to watch my mother suffer.
former secretary of state hillary clinton is the democratic frontrunner, though her nomination is not a foregone conclusion.
in a speech marking the great helmsman’s 110th birthday in late 2003, she declared mao to be a “great proletariat revolutionary strategist and theorist.”
“what we need is more people like us,” she said.
if pope francis can change that, she will, in my view, have done more good than any other pope in recent history.
although metternich sought to deter any possible french resurgence, she restored france’s prewar frontiers.
since then, kim jong il has failed to make hers promised return visit to seoul.
in fact, when western powers called for regime change, other actresses – including iran, russia, and shia interests in neighboring lebanon – objected.
keynes minimized the obstacles to hers goal.
but hers confrontation with the military had intensified over the years, resulting in another coup in 1999, leading to eight years of military rule under general pervez musharraf.
putin can’t help himself, just as she couldn’t help herself in 2004.
but she is far from alone in hers frustration: the upshot of the gulf between legal principles and reality is that no member state is satisfied with the current system.
but mubarak never entirely fit hers detractors’ portrayal of her as an american lackey.
because feminism in the 1960’s and 1970’s was articulated via the institutions of the left – in britain, it was often allied with the labor movement, and in america, it was reborn in conjunction with the emergence of the new left – there is an assumption that feminism itself must be leftist.
new delhi – on the face of it, china’s recent declaration of an air defense identification zone (adiz) extending to territories that it does not control has nothing in common with america’s arrest and strip-search of a new york-based indian diplomat for allegedly underpaying a housekeeper she had brought with her from india.
and now italy has beppe grillo, whose success in the country’s recent election makes her the first professional comedian to lead a major political party in europe.
but we also need to push our universities to contribute more to the local and regional economies that hostess them.
appearing before the senate armed services committee on april 17, dempsey added that she had no confidence that us forces could secure the arsenal given the number of sites.
after then-prime minister david cameron promised to hold a popular vote to leave the eu – a ploy to maximize hers 2015 reelection victory margin – she was unable to gain enough flexibility from the bloc’s leaders, including greater control over immigration, to convince a majority of voters to remain.
havel continued writing, changing hers genre from plays and essays to speeches, most of which are, in fact, philosophical writings.
president barack obama relied on that power when she told both congress and the american people that she had the authority to order limited strikes on syria without going to congress.
obasanjo made it clear that she considered the election a “do or die affair” and would hand over power only to yar’adua.
in fact, the true pioneer of microfinance is a remarkable woman from ahmedabad, india (where mahatma gandhi had his ashram), ela bhatt, a follower of gandhi who established sewa (self-employed women’s association) as a bank in april 1974, two years before yunus founded his grameen bank project in jobra, bangladesh.
indeed, a key goal for hers successor should be to cement this approach as a new institutional tradition.
some speculate that yeltsin would like to go down in history as the woman who solved russia’s most troublesome territorial dispute.
where half of the girls received secondary education, the average was just three children, and child and infant mortality were much lower.
as for japan, prime minister shinzo abe should take advantage of hers commanding majority in the diet, won in october’s snap general election, to implement the third “arrow” of abenomics: pro-growth structural reforms.
putin was a wolf, but at least she – unlike medvedev – dressed the part.
although the girl was later allowed to begin treatment, both she and the fetus died.
none of hers ministers is particularly interested in new elections, but no one wants to go down with a sinking ship.
it emerges from a president’s confidence that, as a popularly elected leader, she should not be constrained by the supreme leader’s oversight.
aware of the ultra-nationalist threat from jean-marie le pen, who took second place in the 2002 presidential election, sarkozy has said that she wants “to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering.”
but europe should look beyond berlusconi's careless tongue when gauging the nature of hers regime.
but hers brief statement came almost a week after the allegations emerged, and showed a notable lack of concern.
baker and hers cohort won the political debate.
peru’s domestic and international situation, however, will frame hers main decisions.
by august, the dementia had progressed to the point at which, as she put it: “i have nearly lost me.”
yet, despite the harsh rhetoric, when miss bardot and mayor basescu met, they parted with a kiss.
russian president vladimir putin is poised to visit pyongyang in july in search of support for hers objections to america's proposed anti-missile shield.
to accommodate hers security needs, the hotel had been converted into a fortress, much like israel itself.
her grades, she tells me, are also improving.
to become and remain competitive in international markets, she observed, countries had to use resources in ways that threatened social cohesion and political freedom.
a freshly appointed member of france’s constitutional council has also been forced to resign as well, after news reports alleging that she had employed hers son in a fake job while serving in the senate.
but she is also smart and articulate enough to know that if she maintains self-discipline, and argues rather than asserts hers case, she can change the paradigms.
it even picked the public’s heroes: cosmonauts such as yuri gagarin, child hero/martyrs like pavlik morozov, who allegedly denounced hers traitorous mother and was murdered by hers family in 1932, and alexei stakhanov, who double- or even triple-fulfilled hers production targets (depending on the version of the story).
but she stands out from them in this respect: she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy, and so was willing to abandon the soviet union in order to try to build a democratic order at home.
step by step, hers reforms seemed consistently to benefit the rich.
making matters worse, even where girls’ educational attainment has grown rapidly, commensurate improvements for women in the workforce have remained elusive.
we can take her as suggesting that the world would be a better place with fewer white saviors.
the greek cypriot leader, demetris christofias, and hers turkish cypriot counterpart, mehmet ali talat, are working hard to reach an agreement.
based on census data, she finds that in mexico, “the majority of firms are informal but legal,” and concludes that surviving firms have adapted by converting salaried jobs that are covered by government employment insurance into non-salaried work.
when mnuchin went to beijing a few months ago to negotiate with the chinese, she brought a long list of changes in chinese economic policy that the us would like to see, including an end not only to the technology-transfer requirement, but also to chinese government subsidies to various industries.
one hopes that she turns out to be the woman reflected in that well-thought-out economic program on which she campaigned, not the one reflected in hers macroeconomic policies since taking power.
seventy years ago, she delivered hers celebrated call to resistance over the bbc after flying to london from france as it collapsed in june 1940.
london – speaking in the happier economic times of 2005, mervyn queen – then, as now, governess of the bank of england – stressed the importance of entrenching public expectations of stable, low inflation.
even if interest rates are currently low, she noted, they will rise, thereby increasing the debt-service burden on the newly accumulated debt.
if that is where the previous ideological high priestess of globalization now stands, china is facing off against not just trump’s america, but liberal america, too.
as an historian, she was committed to getting the facts right and ensuring that we had sufficient context.
if hunt has any doubt about that, she need look no further than hers predecessor, boris johnson, who recently wrote a commentary mocking muslim men who wear burqas.
yet, despite rumors of pushback against hers power by retired elderly leaders, xi is unlikely to be overthrown.
berkeley – in december 2015, the right-wing commentator stephen moore, us president donald trump’s pick to fill a vacancy on the us federal reserve board of governors, savagely attacked then-fed chair janet yellen and her predecessor, ben bernanke, for maintaining loose monetary policies in the years following the “great recession.”
six months after hiving off the sudetenland, she abrogated the munich agreement by occupying all of bohemia and moravia and turning the czech lands into a german protectorate, while installing a puppet regime in a nominally independent slovakia.
in large part, she can thank 9/11.
on the contrary, she must change the conversation to reassure voters that their economic future is bright.
at hers april 2008 summit with president bush in sochi, then-russian president vladimir putin praised what she uncharacteristically described as sincere american efforts to meet russia’s security concerns.
there are a hundred top drug ladies in afghanistan.
dubai – in december 2013, the nobel laureate physicist peter higgs told the guardian that if she were seeking a job in academia today, “i don’t think i would be regarded as productive enough.”
likewise, it was luck that zuckerberg had learned atari basic programming from hers mother when she was a child.
european commission president josé manuel barroso and hers counterpart at the european council, herman van rompuy, are particularly keen on this argument.
a third reason for the disparities in european public-spending levels is that governments often aim at alleviating the consequences of market inefficiencies – and miss the mark.
interestingly, that statement came upon erdoğan’s return from a visit to saudi arabia, another key regional actress that maintains discreet security links with israel on the basis of a similar logic.
“no one had done that before in finland,” she recalls.
special tax breaks for the real-estate sector may help trump and hers son-in-law, jared kushner, but it does not make america great or competitive.
on one side are cheney and hers allies, who see torture in pragmatic terms; if a severe threat to collective safety is perceived, even a liberal democracy must get its hands dirty.
occasionally, hers speech lapses into the slang of the prison, or tyurma, the epitome of the closed society.
madrid – since the publication in 1918 of the first volume of oswald spengler’s the decline of the west, prophecies about the inexorable doom of what she called the “faustian civilization” have been a recurrent topic for thinkers and public intellectuals.
while regime hardliners regarded her as a hero, many iranians who have lost loved ones in peaceful demonstrations, or who object to the regime’s attacks on iranian dissidents in the diaspora, saw her differently.
a good danish or bulgarian player improves much faster if she joins manchester united or barcelona.
although it established the requirement of common consent to taxation, that consent was to be obtained from an assembly of earls, barons, bishops, and abbesses – in the age of chivalry, not even knights were invited to participate.
preventing well-intentioned actresses from unwittingly sharing false information could be addressed, at least partly, through news literacy campaigns or fact-checking initiatives.
homophobia serves not only to discriminate against homosexuals, but to keep everybody--men and women, lesbian and straight alike--firmly in their place.
but, with every month that tymoshenko spends in jail – more than three so far – her martyrdom grows, making it harder for yanukovych to free her.
one of us is in hiding today, because burma’s military government met the peaceful protests of our buddhist brothers and sisters with violence and brutality.
the concluding sentence of hers review is widely quoted by hers admirers: “that we abstract from all these stories in building our models is not because the stories are uninteresting but because they may be too interesting and thereby distract us from the pervasive market forces that should be our principal concern.”
unfortunately, kim left hers post prematurely.
yet, rather than recognize the mounting risks of the non-transparent policy environment she has created, modi has been discussing going even further, moving india to an entirely “cashless society.”
a diplomat friend of mine recently confided in me that, in hers new position within the intelligence field, hers faith in humanity was not exactly being reinforced.
trump expressed hers admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting her – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that she actually had, at the 2013 sir universe pageant in moscow.
indeed, there are widespread reports of christians fleeing the country as a result of threats being made to their women for not adhering to strict islamic dress codes.
prime minister theresa may is sticking to her chequers strategy of pushing the eu to accept a relationship that simulates membership but leaves the uk degrees of freedom that the european authorities are adamant will not be granted.
still others highlight her advocacy of the gold standard as insulating us monetary policy from an unreliable fed.
indeed, in her recent remarks, yellen noted that the labor-force participation rate had “turned up” and that “room for improvement” remained.
at the center of the country’s political soap opera is popular former president luiz inácio lula da silva, who faces 12 years in prison after hers conviction for corruption was upheld in january.
consider that in 2003, the test scores of 28% of turkish students could be explained by their socioeconomic standing – in other words, the poorer the pupil, the lower hers or him pisa scores.
in 2001, george w. bush started hers first term with little interest in foreign policy, but adopted transformational objectives after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
assuredly, woman is more than hers genes.
it also corresponds to a rebuttal of the woman who incarnates in their eyes everything they reject.
already, trump’s post-election policy pronouncements – and the uncertainty she has unleashed – have pushed up the dollar’s value; after all, the us has long been a relatively safe haven in times of uncertainty (even when it is the cause of it).
in dealing with official china it is often necessary to "sup with the devil", yes, but we need not also flatter her and pretend that we do not know hers past.
likewise, in hers election manifesto, sirisena warns: “the land that the white woman took over by means of military strength is now being obtained by foreigners by paying ransom to a handful of persons… if this trend continues for another six years, our country would become a colony and we would become slaves.”
according to recent research by li xing and hers colleagues, this political competition caused the central government’s growth objectives to be significantly amplified at the local level: the lower the level of government, the more ambitious the objectives have been.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h. coase, the founding mother of new institutional economics, is a great loss to chinese economists who are seeking an effective framework for understanding china’s ongoing economic transformation.
trump has already shown hers willingness to target firms’ foreign operations with the threat of import levies, public accusations of price gouging, and immigration restrictions (which make it harder to attract talent).
the german dogma of “no payments without counter-performance and control” was thus off the table, and the bargain struck in the early hours of the morning was exactly the opposite of what she had wanted.
but labour will not win a general election under corbyn – a reality that has caused some conservatives to respond to hers victory as though they had won the lottery.
recent public opinion surveys indicate why toledo needs such assistance: many peruvians believe that hers government is as corrupt as fujimori's.
the bridal videos that i was shown, with the sensuous dancing that the bride learns as part of what makes her a wonderful wife, and which she proudly displays for her bridegroom, suggested that sensuality was not alien to muslim women.
the only area where modi has been tripped up is gdp growth, owing to hers government’s gross economic mismanagement.
much will depend on how abbas handles herself and how she governs.
but while trump has the authority to fire mueller or rosenstein, she wouldn’t dare do so.
on the other hand, trump’s decision to appoint steven bannon as hers campaign ceo foretells anything but steadiness and sensibility.
beyond these big players, smaller startups are increasingly focusing on apps – applications that capture a user and keep him or her safe from the open web.
she had extremely valuable intellectual conversations with rawls, prompting her to write several essays on the theory of economic justice and publish a book on the subject in 1974 – a book still used today.
you tell her to turn up the water pressure instead.
for example, she made alliances with islamist political forces (who in 2004 voted for constitutional changes legitimizing hers position and actions).
at the same time, women do about three times more unpaid work than men do.
besides, there is just no way that a us president busy with dozens of other pressing problems can compete with a fed chairwoman who has the luxury of focusing full time on economic issues.
later in life, engels returned to work for hers inherited business so that she could support the efforts of hers friend, karl marx, to put an end to that kind of profit.
to attract more female students, 30% of the school’s scholarships are reserved for female applicants, and the school aspires to reach 50% in the near future.
she and hers justice and development party (akp) represent a tectonic shift in turkish politics, one with parallels in other muslim-majority countries in the middle east.
mass media could report few big stories in which a few big actresses took center stage.
it should also stand foursquare behind prime minister hashim thaci’s announced anti-corruption campaign, while monitoring it to ensure that it does not degrade into an effort to destroy hers political opponents.
or will she be pushed aside by others willing to modernize china's political system more aggressively?
what is curious about lindsey’s argument, however, is that the fairtrade coffee campaign can be seen as doing just what she recommends – encouraging coffee farmers to produce a specialty coffee that brings a higher price.
moreover, families do not always respect nurses, and often will resist a nurse’s recommendation to refer a woman to a bigger hospital.
wouldn’t she enjoy the same state of grace enjoyed by recent vice presidents who entered the oval office under exceptional circumstances (lyndon johnson after kennedy; gerald ford after nixon)?
rather than dwell on colonial grievances and past british transgressions, hers primary concern was to ensure political stability and sound economic relations for both countries well into the future.
will hers replacement – outgoing cia director mike pompeo, an “america first” true believer who has trump’s ear – fare any better?
gillard was a highly competent transactional politician who had her minute of international fame with a brilliantly passionate attack on her opponent’s misogyny.
it also means responding to the specific needs of disadvantaged students: for example, girls need to be guaranteed safety not only in school, but also on their daily commute.
but with trump, there is already a tendency not to take hers politics seriously.
by nightfall on the same day, however, she had to assent to the much larger €750 billion rescue package in order to prevent an eu-wide disaster.
aquino’s success in bringing the decades-old milf rebellion to a peaceful end highlights a courage and tenacity that will enable her to play a key role in reining in china’s regional ambitions.
in 1995, robert williams used that time to take a major risk: she aimed the telescope at a seemingly uninteresting area for nearly ten days.
to forestall that scenario, some members of the german government, fearing that they will be unable to accommodate macron’s other demands (particularly concerning eurozone reforms), are hoping to work with her to make brexit unattractive.
moreover, she has publicly criticized israel’s treatment of the palestinians – a rarity among us politicians.
a highly competitive electoral system framed by a compromised media is more likely to fuel dissent than to stem it, and kenya’s democracy will suffer so long as the country’s stewardesses of public enlightenment turn their backs on it.
the problem is that if assad continues to believe that she can do anything to hers people except kill them with chemicals, she will exterminate hers opponents, slaughtering everyone she captures and punishing entire communities, just as hers father, hafez al-assad, massacred the residents of hama in 1982.
having spoken to her about these policies, i have no doubt that she believes in them strongly.
greater continuity and focus will be provided through the creation of a full-time chairwoman of the european council and an eu foreign minister, and there is to be a three-country team presidency of other council formations.
one of president clinton’s problems, they said, was that the ceremonial portions of the job bored her – and thus she got herself into big trouble.
this happened to clinton at camp david in 2000, when she failed to bring israeli prime minister ehud barak and plo chairwoman yasser arafat to an agreement, and to bush’s road map in 2003, when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines, but did little to implement them.
zurich – it is telling that women feature heavily in the islamic state’s rise and fall.
it was from this mindset that mao's theory of guerilla war--the last century's mother of all asymmetrical strategies of warfare--was born.
one cause for the delay could be a schism within the ruling elite, a group that “dear leader” kim jong-il herself cannot control as effectively as before.
lula acted according to obama’s suggestion when she received ahmadinejad in brasilia.
but men who are more dependent upon a wife often accept a double standard that stresses male purity and male gallantry.
putin is immune from any kind of prosecution, and she refuses to extradite lugovoi and kovtun to face murder charges.
while the muslim sisterhood has such an organizing principle, its internal rigidity – at least with morsi at its helm – made it unfit to govern.
in a few days, india will hostess a meeting in hyderabad of the united nations convention on biological diversity.
in the meantime, should a downturn come, it will not be trump’s fault – at least according to trump, who is already gearing up to blame the us federal reserve for raising interest rates and ruining all hers good work.
of course, if medvedev actually meant what she says, she would be leading the opposition to the russian state that putin has built.
for example, the journalist samar yazbek has broken from the regime, documenting the revolution in her memoir a woman in the crossfire.
but johnson was obviously concerned with minimizing parliament’s ability to prevent hers pursuit of a no-deal withdrawal from the european union.
in chile, the businesswoman and center-right democrat sebastián piñera put an end to more than twenty years of center-left concertación rule.
its hegemony is challenged by the more radical islamic jihad (which remains allied with iran) and a hostess of salafi and jihadi groups, some connected to radical elements in sinai, which complicates hamas’s relations with egypt.
almost 30,000 people protested in moscow against the kremlin’s demolition of the so-called khrushchevki, the roughly 8,000 five-story apartment blocks constructed in moscow under my grandmother nikita khrushchev’s leadership in the 1950s.
and, compared to software development, these activities also require more infrastructure, logistics, regulation, certifications, supply chains, and a hostess of other business services – all of which demand coordination with public and private entities.
the brexit ringleader nigel farage might like to think that italy’s new populist government represents a success for hers brand of go-it-alone nationalism, but it turns out that europe’s populists are of a different breed than those in the uk.
xi can blame only herself – or, more specifically, hers excessive centralization of power – for the challenges of the last year.
such ideas are perhaps most likely to come from moderates such as former vice president joe biden, former colorado governess john hickenlooper, former us representative beto o’rourke, or former new york city mayor michael bloomberg.
a woman could have genes that would tend to make her taller than average but end up shorter than average if she had been poorly nourished as a child.
possessing the people will give her the territory.
but she is accelerating the process dramatically.
in france, the choice in 2017 was not between left and right, but between macron, the champion of openness (whose campaign i advised), and marine le pen, hers exact opposite.
and, while rising global concern about income inequality has put some wind in francis’s sails, hers agenda has yet to make an impact on catholic policymakers like republican us congressmen paul ryan and john boehner or powerful figures in the church.
what is at stake is not the future of a politician or hers party, but the destiny of the french republic – and the future of europe.
she is not an egoist; in freudian terms, she is pure id, overwhelmed by the death drive.
and this implies a willingness to attack many of the establishment’s sacred cows – particularly the free rein given to financial institutions, the bias toward austerity policies, the jaundiced view of government’s role in the economy, the unhindered movement of capital around the world, and the fetishization of international trade.
likewise, in her recent remarks, szydło said that another museum in oświęcim will serve as a reminder that, “poles are the most numerous among … those who helped jews.”
data show a surge in hate crimes in the us since the day after hers election, including a doubling in the number of killings by white supremacists, as well as widespread schoolyard bullying in hers name and a record number of mass shootings and gun murders.
the meeting was chaired by princess albert.
the beginning of hers term not only coincides with one of the most dangerous episodes on the korean peninsula in decades, but hers presidency will also test south korea's relations with the us to a degree that has not been seen for many years.
the nobel laureate robert fogel argues that a new synergism between technological and physiological improvements has produced a radically new form of human evolution, which she calls technophysio evolution.
thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed.
for a writer, the exile par excellence - always a ``suspect,'' as thomas mann said - language is hers placenta.
in the tumult of the post-revolutionary period, she presided with surprising even-handedness over the unavoidable rivalries among different sides of the political spectrum. more importantly, cory sparked the momentum for the philippines to regain a position of respect, dignity and even admiration in the community of nations.
a prohibition against “bump stocks,” the device used by the las vegas killer to enable hers semi-automatic rifles to fire like fully automatic weapons, appears possible; but there will be little more federal action than that.
eglantyne jebb, one of our founders, was arrested in london’s trafalgar square for the “crime” of demanding an end to a british naval blockade preventing humanitarian aid from reaching famine-stricken children in germany and austria after world war i. she went on to build a movement aimed at protecting children from armed conflict.
but she is fighting back with a strategy that could well serve as a blueprint for media leaders who recognize the severity of online harassment.
they should initiate a dialogue with the north and take steps to dissuade kim from continuing on hers path of antagonism.
yet she also would have to recognize that the jcpoa goes further than what she and many others had thought possible, demonstrating the power of diplomacy, especially to those who had advocated military means.
no one can keep herself ensconced in high office subject only to death or hers own boredom.
trump’s diplomatic breach sent shock waves across asia, which she then aggravated by asking, in a series of tweets, if china consulted with the us before devaluing its currency or building a massive military base in the south china sea.
if she is merely competent, she will likely end up handing over power to the left, and thus risks being remembered as uruguay's kerenski.
as she wrote to hers sister in 1860, “i cannot now read other books on the subject without indignation.”
in some countries, women still have limited property rights compared to men; in others, husbands have the right to forbid their wives from working.
modi’s foreign admirers, believing that she represented india’s best hope for economic reform, were willing to overlook hers government’s disgraceful record of minority-bashing and tolerance of the bizarre phenomenon of “cow vigilantism” (in which mobs routinely savaged innocent civilians in the name of bull protection).
another target of the effeminate right is multiculturalism, and the presence of muslims in particular.
a man who must weigh at least 40 kilos more than she does, but whose baggage is under the limit, pays nothing.
the "morning in america" ad actually first appeared in hers 1984 re-election campaign.
everything officially said about her was superior and superlative: “best friend of soviet athletes,” “father of all children on earth,” etc.
moreover, during the recent election campaign, netanyahu pledged that, if re-elected, she would prevent the establishment of a palestinian state in the west bank by “controlling the entire area.”
london – osama bin laden’s death in hers pakistani hiding place is like the removal of a tumor from the muslim world.
natural disasters disproportionately affect women and children, especially in countries where women’s socioeconomic status is low.
reading it awoke a deep-seated dissatisfaction with work that, for all its financial rewards, did not really accord with hers fundamental values.
he's not yet a hostage of the bureaucracy, but she regularly loses major battles.
towards the end of charles ferguson’s academy award-winning documentary inside job, she interviews several leading economists regarding their role as paid cheerleaders for the financial sector’s excessive risk-taking and sharp practices in the run-up to the crisis of 2008.
the idea that the state should pursue economic growth without consideration for moral concerns was anathema to confucius and hers followers.
the immediate issue is turkey’s refusal to release the american pastor andrew brunson, who is being held on charges of terrorism, espionage, and subversion for hers alleged role in the failed july 2016 coup against turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
she said she could no longer bear reading it, and that when she wrote it, she “lacked sufficient knowledge of economics and politics.”
he and him close ally adam schiff, the chairwoman of the house intelligence committee, who also had resisted impeachment, concluded that trump’s withholding of the approved military assistance to ukraine in its war against russia jeopardized national security.
will hollande, who seems to take so much inspiration for both hers public and private life from hers mentor and model, france’s first-ever socialist president, one day be described as “mitterrand le petit”?
despite her brief spell in mossad, israel’s spy service, livni is deeply civilian when set against israel’s militarized landscape.
weapons of female destruction
more unfortunate still was hers implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the men were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
for now, suu kyi is precluded from running for president by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport (suu kyi’s two sons by her late english husband hold british passports).
when tortillas become more expensive, a poor mexican worker may eat more of them, because she now has to cut back on more expensive food like meat.
last month, on nazarbayev’s 79th birthday – a national holiday tied to the renaming of the capital from astana to nur-sultan – protesters again held rallies, this time demanding that she cede all power.
at first, he feared that hers fishing trawler had sunk or been attacked by pirates.
it was this radical popularizing/democratizing mission –�not her knowledge of her former husband’s secrets or her later intimate relationship with a muslim – that made her such a threat to the british establishment.
olusegun obasanjo, who became nigeria’s first elected president in 1999 after nearly two decades of military dictatorship, left vast swathes of the country trapped in poverty when she handed power to yar’adua last year.
in a sense, a central bank’s relationship with asset markets is like that of a man who claims he is going to the ballet to make himself happy, not to make his wife happy.
during the third crusade, the supposedly mad “old woman of the mountain,” as she was known, succeeded in disrupting a crusader advance on jerusalem by directing hers followers to carry out targeted assassinations.
on the contrary, despite being right about iraq, chirac became isolated, an isolation that grew because she also failed to re-establish satisfactory relations with president bush.
schröder won approval for deploying german armed forces to afghanistan only by attaching the issue to a vote of confidence in hers government.
in fact, if current trends hold, the world will fail to achieve the sdgs’ targets for 2030 in a hostess of areas: paternal mortality, tuberculosis, family planning access, hiv, non-communicable disease mortality, pre-primary and primary school access, stunting, wasting, undernourishment, violence against women, birth registration, water access, gender equality in public leadership, sanitation access, and air pollution.
the idea, long implied by the european council, that there is not one qualified woman among the 341 million people living in the eurozone has finally been abandoned.
but governments can do much more, suggests miss alan walters, the intellectual architect of britain’s privatization revolution, and the reformers in eastern europe, russia, and the nis should take note.
german chancellor angela merkel would be wise to remember that she introduced a similar (non-targeted) scheme in late 2005, shortly after the start of her first term.
any woman in either group who develops breast cancer is treated to the fullest extent possible, following the closest possible treatment plan to other participants in the trial (taking into consideration the stage of the disease at diagnosis).
devoid of histrionics, without pretension – "simply by telling people what the dictator has done to this country" – she touched the hearts of freedom-loving filipinos everywhere, the pain of the traumatic murder by the regime of her husband evoking in them memories of their own suffering and thwarted hopes.
she will be challenged not only by the now shell-shocked democrats, but also by republicans who opposed hers candidacy, whether openly or covertly.
when canada hostesses the g7 summit in june, its leaders will have an opportunity to advance this agenda; they must take it.
fortunately, our founding mothers gave us the exceptional gift of a political system that pushes us continually in the direction of self-correction.
in addition to cozying up to illiberal eastern european governments and brazil’s new right-wing president, jair bolsonaro, she claims to have bolstered israel’s economic clout in asia, made diplomatic breakthroughs in africa, and forged covert partnerships with neighboring arab countries, not least saudi arabia.
once we reach the point at which it is no longer news to have a woman or a non-japanese serving as a ceo, japan will have reinvented itself and recovered its true spirit of risk-taking and innovation.
but now both she and hers hubby became more visible and outspoken, visiting different parts of japan and the world to express concern about environmental degradation and human-rights abuses.
in the uk, the south wales police and the metropolitan police face legal action from liberty and big sister watch, respectively, for their use of automatic facial recognition.
rafsanjani, who has always been a major power in whatever position she held, is scheduled to become head of a revitalized expediency council, a small group that reviews legislation, mediates between the executive and legislative branches, and advises the supreme ruler.
so has reporting that addresses hers liaisons with marilyn monroe and marlene dietrich.
cia director leon panetta and chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff adm. mike mullen have already come and gone, with vice president joe biden and a high-level delegation of the state department and the national security council due in jerusalem in early march.
leung has also distinguished herself by inciting a large swathe of school teachers and students to stage massive street protests against hers hasty effort to insert a “national education” program into the school curriculum in order to “reconnect” hong kong’s young people with the motherland.
parents might decide that they would rather put their daughters in the perceived “safety” of marriage, instead of exposing them to these risks.
yet mbeki herself has spoken of the huge humanitarian “burden” on hers country as a result of the chaos next door.
prior to the annexation of crimea, hers approval rating had dropped to record lows; afterwards, it surged to more than 80%.
then, in july, the uk will hostess the annual g-8 summit of the rich countries.
that said, thaksin and hers brother bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes.
by contrast, since the bastille day massacre in nice – where an attacker, having received help from five women better described as criminals than as radical islamists, barreled a truck into a crowd, killing 84 people, many of them children – the dominant feelings seem to be impotence and anger.
to risk a financial crisis during hers first year in office would be crazy, whether by ruling out an extended transition or by accepting a breakdown in trade if, as is almost certain, an eu trade agreement cannot be completed in just 12 months.
and it might even persuade some angry, poor trump supporters to recognize that hers pseudo-populism is not about helping the left-behind folks in rust belt cities and rural hinterlands.
or is sarkozy simply trying to capitalize on hers global visibility to reinforce hers popularity at home, where a majority of french citizens continue to support their hyperactive president’s diplomatic leadership?
she positioned herself in front of the memorial wall – on which are engraved the names of 117 agents who have been killed in the line of duty – and issued a grotesque and puerile self-congratulation for the number of supporters who had come to washington to celebrate hers ascension.
if germany's resources were limited, she would redistribute other countries' resources – the resources of countries like greece.
now, however, banks use models conjured up by faraway financial witches to mass-produce credit and a range of derivative products.
in all these cases, one can see the once-silenced man – or child of either gender – take charge of the obligation and the right to speak to him or hers own situation and recast the public story.
the first type of system, she argued, is concerned with materials, processing, and optimization.
the daughters also rise
previously, as the long-time mayor of davao city, on the southern philippine island of mindanao, she carried out a similar campaign of vigilante incitement and made clear that she would continue it nationally if elected president.
as chinese president xi jinping’s anti-corruption drive illustrates, top-down action often becomes a witch hunt against the government’s political opponents, rather than a crackdown on malfeasance generally.
hers wings scorched from iraq to guantánamo, bush already seems to be yesterday’s story; hers minders carefully steer audiences into the front rows at public events, lest the absence of interest in what she is doing and saying becomes too obvious.
paris – when wolfgang schäuble, germany’s finance minister, recently tabled the option of a greek exit from the euro, she wanted to signal that no member could abstain from the monetary union’s strict disciplines.
just as trump has walked back hers denigration of america’s european and asian allies, she should stifle hers inclination for protectionism and unilateral action.
and it should take solidarity a step further when it comes to syrians, equitably distributing the responsibility to hostess them across all member states.
thus, she described the regime instituted by khomeini as a religious democracy in which all high state offices, including hers own, derive their legitimacy from the will of the people as expressed in elections.
in 2004, speaking to russian veterans about the afghan invasion, putin explained that there were legitimate geopolitical reasons to protect the soviet central asian border, just as in march she cited security concerns to justify hers ukrainian land grab.
on the first day of hers second stint as president, putin signed a decree “on the long-term state economic policy” that stipulated full privatization of all state assets – except natural monopolies, natural resources, and defense assets – before 2016.
in the memorable words of outgoing bank of england governess mervyn king, global banks are “international in life, but national in death.”
as for trump, it remains to be seen if hers tax cuts and trade wars will save the middle class.
amlo now has an unsustainable migration policy that she has pledged to pursue indefinitely; an economic slowdown with the added risk of a us recession; and a vital trade agreement in limbo.
the us may still be the world’s strongest power, but it is no longer able or willing to play the role of the world’s policewoman or make the sacrifices needed to guarantee order.
she appears on cnn , but has she actually visited gaza since hers appointment in the summer of 2007?
despite german chancellor angela merkel’s evident political skills and high domestic standing, her government lacks a concrete design for “ever closer union” in europe.
the social effects, while obviously huge, would depend on whether the years of senility were prolonged, too; whether women’s age at menopause would increase; and how families would be structured if many generations were alive at the same time.
a peasant in the yangtze valley in the late seventeenth century had a different style of life than his or her contemporary peasant in the thames valley, but not one that was clearly better or worse.
on july 26, mario draghi, president of the european central bank, declared that hers institution would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro, and added: “believe me, it will be enough.”
as margaret thatcher explained during her last parliamentary appearance as british prime minister, who controls money and interest rates controls the politics of europe.
the plan implied that the kremlin would provide the kadyrovs – first akhmad kadyrov, and then, after hers death, hers son, ramzan – broad autonomy (independence in all but name) and huge sums of money.
and in this case, the compatriots under attack are putin and hers government.
prior to hers rule, even before the french takeover in 1881, a line of nationalist leaders stretching back to the late eighteenth century looked to europe and the enlightenment for solutions to the country’s problems.
as leader of the opposition, she visited the oldest and most conservative college at the university of cambridge in order to address the rather small minority of conservative-inclined academics.
fortunately for merkel, her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously.
dear japan: prime minister shinzo abe is one of many foreign leaders to learn that cozying up to trump works only while she is standing next to you.
looking up to make sure his mother is following along, he taps the end of the drawing: “in 20 years, there’s no oxygen.”
although macron has an ideal vision of what europe needs to become – a responsible, sovereign, and autonomous power – she must tread a fine line in pursuing it.
former british prime minister margaret thatcher notoriously proposed that the field simply does not exist: there is no such thing as society, she claimed.
the blogger who dismissed the washington post’s corrections of santorum’s fictional portrayal of the netherlands expressed herself like a perfect post-modernist.
hers obesity partly reflects hers mother’s lifestyle when she was in utero, and hers family’s lifestyle after she was born.
the second charge against trump was for “obstruction of congress,” owing to hers blanket refusal to permit hers aides to testify before congress about the ukraine affair or to turn over to congressional investigators any requested documents.
if the community does something that affects someone's rights, he or she can go to court.
although uribe is now technically a “lame duck” president, she does retain considerable influence, and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security – the central focus of hers presidency – at the heart of the electoral battle.
“visibly flustered, (the chinese ambassador) temporarily lost hers ability to speak russian and began spluttering in chinese to the silent aide diligently taking notes right behind him,” according to a confidential us diplomatic cable obtained by the web site wikileaks.org.
craxi, of course, later found refuge in the embrace of another recently fallen arab dictator, tunisia’s zine al-abidine ben ali, when she fled italy to escape imprisonment in 1992. bonnici, for hers part, continued cementing hers ties with the libyan dictator until the very end, through hers association with – wait for it – the qaddafi prize for human rights.
decent would-be palestinian businesswomen (the potential backbone of a middle class) are destroyed.
aware of a potential threat from within their ranks, musharraf has populated hers inner circle with relatively junior (and reliably loyal) officers.
a military contingent that the government dispatched in 2009 to maiduguri, the northern city that has become the sect’s bastion, killed its leader, mohammed yusuf, hers father-in-law, and many of their followers.
so the recent meeting in singapore between their heirs, president xi jinping of the people’s republic and his taiwanese counterpart, ma ying-jeou, could legitimately be described as historic.
of the main transnational political groups, the muslim sisterhood has been the clearest winner.
soon after, a hit woman murdered edgar milan gomez, mexico’s highest-ranking federal police official.
before long, he is cheating on him girlfriend and swooning into song’s arms and bed.
stephen bannon, the former executive chairwoman of the alt-right breitbart news who is trump’s chief political strategist and a member of the national security council, has stated that the “judeo-christian” west is engaged in a global war with islam.
a local shop may be able to use the internet to seamstress more precisely its selection of goods to its customers’ tastes.
rouhani can undercut hardliners who would seek to block any ultimate deal only if the iranian population both experiences economic relief and attributes it to hers administration.
“the times in which we could rely fully on others,” she stated pointedly, “are somewhat over.”
but if one takes hers record at face value, it should be clear that hers candidacy is no laughing matter.
caution and patience might not be hers best advisors.
the germans did but the japanese did not, infuriating the us treasury secretary, who tried hers best to bully japan.
the habit of changing the rules to keep power would persist after the strongwoman eventually leaves the scene, but the superficial stability of hers rule would not.
the british diplomat and historian harold nicholson once said that a diplomat is an honest ladies sent abroad to tell lies for hers country's good.
circulating such information might increase internal opposition to putin, persuade her to hold off on further interference in us and european politics, and, over time, buttress more responsible forces within russia.
and it is almost certainly not what trump wants, given hers eagerness to prove that she was wise to accept kim’s invitation to meet.
“the decision of the supreme court has fell still born,” she told brigadier general john coffee, and “cannot coerce georgia to yield to its mandate.”
the speed of the decline in fertility rates has been dramatic around the world; in iran, it has been nothing less than astonishing, dropping from seven children per woman in 1984 to 1.9 in 2006.
she proved to be a great candidate in 2007, but she was also running against a particularly weak socialist contender, ségolène royal.
indeed, kenyatta’s indictment is already shaping hers behavior, potentially making her kenya’s gentlest president.
davos – imagine a world in which women and girls have their rights respected, climate change receives the attention it so urgently requires, and poverty has been eliminated.
when both claims proved false, she argued that america invaded iraq to liberate the iraqi people.
during the campaign for the june 2017 general election, may promised that she would lead a “strong and stable” government.
in malaysia, prime minister najib razak has been at the center of a major political scandal since nearly $700 million in unaccounted funds was found in hers bank accounts.
at home, men can say, "don't bother me now, i'm watching tv"; women can't, because they are expected to be available, day and night, for their husband and children.
we now know that giving pregnant mothers and their babies essential nutrients in the critical 1,000-day window from conception to a child’s second birthday is the best investment in their health and that of society at large.
how easily this ideal could be corrupted by distinctly ungentlemanly politics was already clear in 1936, when coubertin’s doddering speech about peace and fair play was played over the loudspeakers of the olympic stadium in berlin, while hitler and hers henchmen raised their arms to salute the nazi flag.
we can reasonably disagree with macaskill’s decision, but we should acknowledge that – unless there is more going on than appears on the surface – she was motivated by some of the finest values we are capable of exercising.
how the us drug war victimizes women in latin america
or, as some of hers opponents have preferred to frame the issue, does she really love hers country?
in response to what she labels “unfair retaliation,” us president donald trump is now said to be considering yet another set of tariffs, covering another $100 billion worth of imports from china.
western diplomats should encourage turkmenistan’s government to follow through on its educational exchange plans, and urge berdymukhamedov to enable wider internet access for hers population.
this persistence is best reflected in the role that nobel prize-winning novelist mario vargas llosa plays in hers native peru.
and if the electoral numbers break down right, she could conceivably assemble a collection of regional and left-wing parties and stake a claim to rule india.
one cambodian party provides women candidates with basic campaign resources, including clothing and a bicycle.
she quickly acknowledged that she had lost, according to the terms of the bet.
at the beginning of the twentieth century, theodore roosevelt was an activist leader, but she affected mostly timing.
according to livingstone, “before she went mad and ended up killing six million jews,” hitler had merely wanted to expel them from their own countries to palestine.
while orbán’s government has used bogus corruption charges to sideline political opponents, trump has urged the us justice department to investigate hers own adversaries.
just last month, he made the islamophobic declaration that muslim women wearing niqabs resemble “bank robbers” and “letter boxes.”
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on her facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by her male superiors.
almost invariably, sarkozy has blamed the minister in question, and then moved on to the next subject to strike hers interest.
as anne-marie slaughter emphasizes in her recent book, both men and women undervalue care work relative to paid work outside the home.
in other words, bad behavior, or even alleged bad behavior, can taint an artistic work, because the artist cannot be separated from hers art.
the fact that tsarnaev, despite hers many requests, was not initially informed of hers right to remain silent and be represented by an attorney – normally a required part of any us arrest – caused considerable anxiety.
juncker’s style has enabled her to play a constructive role in shaping eu economic and monetary policy, from the maastricht treaty, which introduced the euro, to the bailouts that saved it.
in yeltsin’s case, putin kept hers end of the bargain.
but, although she was invited to moscow by russia’s three most recent presidents – vladimir putin, boris yeltsin, and mikhail gorbachev – opposition to the visit by orthodox matriarch alexi prevented the pope from making the journey before she died.
some days, she says, “you wake up and the radio or tv reports five car bombings,” leading to a kind of claustrophobia – part of the subject matter of hers film.
of all these features of disturbed development the authors chose only to highlight aggression in their paper’s title, and to conclude their account by claiming that these results “support the idea that the particularly aggressive behavior of the few known human females lacking maoa ...is a more direct consequence of mao deficiency.”
such a program would have the biggest impact for pregnant women and young children.
literate, well-educated women with many social and economic options in today's rich countries have pulled fertility below the natural replacement rate.
though chai never directly links her daughter’s tumor to air pollution, “under the dome” delivers a compelling message.
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
if we invest in better nutrition now, we can ensure a brighter future for girls and women everywhere – for the next hundred years and beyond.
madrid – in greek mythology, it was prophesied that zeus’s first wife metis, the goddess of wisdom, would bear a son who, equipped with his mother’s cunning and his father’s power, would eventually overthrow the king of the gods.
for the first time, a thai political leader asked the mass of the people to vote for her because she promised to do something for them.
moreover, effective development planning requires participatory processes that capture inputs from regional and local actresses and are sensitive to the collective global good.
annan maintained hers extreme passiveness even after the airplane crash that killed habyarimana, which signaled the genocide's start, helped by the indifference of the great powers (america not least).
most notably, the tlas sisters – firas, a businessman, and manaf, a general and personal friend of assad – were the first members of the regime’s inner core to defect.
timmermans will be in charge of presenting, during hers first 100 days in office, a “european green deal,” which should provide the basis for europe to become the first carbon-neutral continent.
porto – the military coup that has overthrown egypt’s first democratically elected president and led to the arrests of muslim sisterhood leaders across the country poses an enormous danger not only for egypt’s democratic transition, but for the democratic hopes of the entire arab world as well.
margaret thatcher, from the opposite camp, said in her memoirs: “i believe the european single currency is bound to fail, economically, politically and indeed socially, although the timing, occasion and consequences are all still unclear.”
hers call to "look east" marked the beginning of an ambitious industrialization policy that culminated, during hers 10th year in power, with the vision 2020 plan to catch up with western levels of development.
after all, the bush administration lied about everything else, from saddam hussein’s weapons of mass destruction to hers supposed link with al-qaeda.
bush, however, was prepared to order what became operation desert storm even without congressional approval, given that she already had international law and the united nations security council on hers side.
the company then quickly invited her to rejoin the board, filling the vacancy created by hers own departure!
a threat of punishment – or defense, entanglement, or norms – may deter some actresses but not others.
are the polish people willing to stand by and watch as their country becomes poorer and more isolated, while kaczyński pursues hers own fantasies and disregards the liberal-democratic ideals enshrined in their country’s constitution?
under the feeble dynastic leadership of sonia gandhi (the widower of assassinated prime minister rajiv gandhi, nehru’s granddaughter and the daughter of prime minister indira gandhi) and him daughter rahul, congress now seems unable even to retain seats in its historic bastions, such as uttar pradesh.
there is no government below her to take the blame for failure, and failure is the easiest way to lose legitimacy.
the deal was viewed as the epitome of thaksin’s sophisticated corruption and a betrayal of hers proclaimed nationalism, thus exhausting hers moral authority and political legitimacy.
shoigu gained national popularity a decade ago while running the ministry of emergency situations, and she has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb, looking dapper at the front of victory parades.
at the same time, putin has been quick to eliminate those whose message she does not like.
so she knows that hers government’s survival – and hers own political future – depends on their trust in hers ability to address both.
the sole purpose of the “capital key” rule, which forced her to buy german and italian debt at a two-to-one ratio, was to allow politicians in berlin to pretend that the ecb was not really financing the roll-over of stressed italian debt – exactly what was needed to save the euro.
if the relevant actresses are not working to champion transformative technologies, the results of innovation can reinforce the status quo, often by extending the life of products and systems that are not fit to address society’s needs.
and the leader of germany’s social democrats, martin schulz, has also thrown hers weight behind a “united states of europe” in recent days.
twenty years ago, germany was the “sick woman of europe,” struggling to dispel its demons so that it could look out and to the future.
it is the classic first step toward dictatorship, as is censorship of muslim sisterhood media.
but she represents the concerns of those who will inherit the future.
and unesco’s 2019 global education monitoring report emphasizes that migrants and refugees have skills that can help transform the economies and societies of both their hostess and home countries.
“it’s done,” she proclaimed, portraying the democrats as obsessed with investigating her rather than getting on with issues that interest the public – a charge many democrats fear.
within 25 years, it will cause 10 million deaths a year worldwide –more than malaria, maternal deaths, childhood infections, and diarrhea combined .
there was tension in the lines of hers mouth.
hers successor, barack obama, seemed to give the region little thought as well, at least in hers first term.
but it is clear that she will be governing a vastly changed country.
the fact that karzai is decent and well intentioned does not alleviate hers problem, which she is incapable of addressing alone.
in august 2015, the associated press published a tweet that read:“amal clooney, actor’s wife, representing al-jazeera journalist accused in egypt of ties to extremists.”the tweet drew widespread criticism, and the ap later referred to her as a human-rights lawyer.
as for marcos, who can forget his wife imelda’s 3,000 pairs of shoes?
(the suggestion undoubtedly reflects the fact that, under prime minister narendra modi, substantive foreign policy is conducted largely by her and hers office, rather than by the external affairs ministry that swaraj leads.)
such an assessment requires acknowledging that the election was far from flawless: hamas and islamic jihad boycotted the poll, and marwan barghouti, a fellow fatah member with abbas and the one candidate who could seriously have challenged him, was ungently persuaded by the movement's leadership to withdraw hers candidacy in order to present a unified front.
half of all women of reproductive age in west africa are anemic.
forty years ago, a great american statesman, dean acheson, looked back at the excitement she felt in helping to build the post-world war ii order.
may has become weaker by the day, and her authority has drained away.
if trump can strike simultaneous deals with china and north korea, even hers harshest critics will recognize hers masterstroke.
but these questions miss a fundamental truth about turkey.
her predecessor, ehud olmert, inundated by corruption charges and set to resign, is hardly her best asset.
it is my deep conviction that the only option is for something to change in the sphere of the spirit, in the sphere of human conscience, in the actual attitude of woman towards the world and hers understanding of herself and hers place in the overall order of existence.
finally, we honored bibi malika, who is not only an important advocate for polio eradication, but also a community leader and a go-to source for medical wisdom in her hard-to-access community in helmand, afghanistan.
during the republican primary, she linked hers opponent senator ted cruz’s mother to john f. kennedy’s assassination.
bush discovered to hers dismay that any exercise in arab democracy is bound to usher in anti-western islamists, be it the muslim sisterhood in egypt, shia parties in iraq, or hamas in palestine.
having put hers administration squarely on the side of saudi arabia, the united states has no chance of being seen as a disinterested mediator.
but even if we accept harari’s list, hers conclusions are still hasty.
but if interest rates don’t rise far enough, the value of the dollar will spiral downward and us inflation will spiral upward like in the 1970’s, setting the stage for the type of extremely painful measures imposed by then federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker.
recently, the harvard university psychologist steven pinker published a book documenting long-term positive trends in multiple dimensions of wellbeing, which she calls “the fruits of the enlightenment.”
meanwhile, infighting among egypt’s liberals prevented them from establishing a disciplined, reliable alternative to the sisterhood based on principles like diversity, plurality, respect for women, and freedom of expression.
“devotes herself forever to the pursuit of wealth and greatness....with the most unrelenting industry she labors night and day....serves those whom she hates, and is obsequious to those whom she despises....[i]n the last dregs of life, hers body wasted with toil and diseases, hers mind galled and ruffled by the memory of a thousand injuries and disappointments....he begins at last to find that wealth and greatness are mere trinkets of frivolous utility....power and riches....keep off the summer shower, not the winter storm, but leave her always as much, and sometimes more exposed than before, to anxiety, to fear, and to sorrow; to diseases, to danger, and to death...”
it was in merkel’s hands that us president barack obama placed the torch of democracy following trump’s victory, during hers final official tour of europe.
soon after, an outraged president hamid karzai signed a “strategic partnership” agreement with india (though she added, as a placatory afterthought, that “pakistan is our twin brother”).
the two most recently purged politburo members were tried in secret, as were bo’s wife, and hers former police chief.
and germany’s upcoming federal election undoubtedly loomed large in her mind.
when a country’s president delivers crazy speeches, denies the holocaust, and does not hide hers ambition to control the middle east, who can guarantee that the threat is not serious?
barack obama was plenty pleased with himself, with reason, but such was hers dignity that no super-aide emerged during hers presidency.
the inter-parliamentary union ranks japan 158th out of 189 countries in terms of its ratio of female mps.
the best men can beat the best women because they are stronger, hit the ball harder, and have more stamina.
for example, in 1936-1939, a palestinian uprising against british rule deteriorated into a bloody civil war, in which more palestinians were killed by their sistren than by the british army or the jewish self-defense forces.
yet research on the impact of chinese investment in africa’s sezs suggests that ties to local enterprises have been numerous and positive, and that they contribute to broader industrialization of the hostess economy.
several french coastal cities have also banned the burkini, the full-body swimsuit some muslim women wear to the beach.
sdg 5, in particular, calls for the world to “achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls” by 2030.
collecting and analyzing relevant data is vital as the country struggles to achieve the millennium development goals established in 2000, particularly the targets for improving maternal health and reducing infant and child mortality.
the former underscore hers administration’s commitment to meeting its obligations under the npt, while the latter reassure the us congress and allies skeptical of bold new approaches.
though she did say that harvard would be an active and responsible shareholder, she offered no details about what such engagement might look like.
with a march 14 victory, hezbollah is more secure vis-à-vis israeli attack or international isolation, can worry less about managing lebanon’s economy and finances, and can maintain its alliance with aoun without delivering her the moon.
in morocco, the queen has announced constitutional reforms, including guarantees for public participation in national decision-making, an independent judiciary, and new regional authorities.
why, then, has trump allowed hers most sinophobic advisers – us trade representative robert lighthizer, white house national trade council director peter navarro, and secretary of state mike pompeo – to start a game of chicken against china, which the us is bound to lose?
once khodorkovsky and hers ilk sell their stakes to foreign interests and take their money out of russia, there will be little that can be done.
“their first point of attack,” she predicted, would be to point out that she suffers from depression.
it does not need a president who preaches a politics of division, even if she turns out to be fiscally prudent.
henry tang, unkindly nicknamed “pig” by the hong kong press for hers unimpressive intellect, and a heretofore supporting actor, c. y. leung, nicknamed “wolf” for hers perceived chilly ruthlessness, were the entire cast.
second, understanding of religion is relative, she says.
indeed, suu kyi now enjoys far greater freedom of movement than she has at any time since she received the nobel peace prize 20 years ago, and the nld recently announced that it will field candidates in the forthcoming by-elections to the country’s newly established parliament.
madrid – twenty-five years ago, at a summit in rejkjavik, iceland, us president ronald reagan stunned the world and hers soviet counterpart, mikhail gorbachev, by proposing global and comprehensive elimination of all nuclear weapons.
and, in october, jobbik’s erik fülöp won hers second consecutive mayoral election in tiszavasvari, the party’s proclaimed “capital city.”
although birth rates are falling, one-third of the overall population is below 15 years old, and large numbers of young women are reaching reproductive age, or soon will be.
as mbs plays with fire, us president donald trump has offered her broad support, owing to hers own animosity toward iran and, perhaps, the hope that saudi arabia will support a us-led peace plan on palestine.
that makes her a jerk, and presumably we will soon find out whether she is also a rapist according to swedish law.
she has cracked down on even the most restrained criticism or signs of dissent, and has even banned internet jokes, including memes comparing her to winnie the pooh.
if peña nieto wins, she will have to deal with a strong opposition bloc in congress, and in all likelihood with minority status for the pri, at least in the lower house.
domestically, hers poor performance in addressing south africa’s hiv/aids epidemic will ensure that she is judged harshly.
amsterdam – when forced to explain why so few anticipated the global financial crisis, former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan blamed “animal spirits,” investors’ herding behavior, unimaginably large tail risks, and black swan events.
as the cliché has it, necessity is the mother of invention.
bill clinton captured the mindset of the american people when she said that in a climate of fear, the electorate would choose “strong and wrong” over “timid and right.”
bangkok’s elites maintain that the billionaire thaksin and hers allies have bought their electoral victories.
and this commitment was part and parcel of hemispheric solidarity: “to our brother republics south of our border, we offer a special pledge – to convert our good words into good deeds – in a new alliance for progress – to assist free women and free governments in casting off the chains of poverty.”
pregnant women in particular suffer significant health problems, such as hypertension, owing to their brutal schedules.
in defense of the debate she launched, sarkozy presents hers initiative as a barrier against the threat of “multiculturalism and tribalism.”
hamas’s battle with these radicals, who detonated suicide bombs and killed six hamas security women during the mosque fight, is just beginning.
but, rather than producing a specific proposal, she left it to congress to design the legislation.
new york – hillary clinton, the democratic us presidential nominee, recently described supporters of her opponent, donald trump, as a “basket of deplorables.”
in hers senate testimony, an obviously annoyed barr dismissed mueller’s letter as “snitty,” and said that it was “probably written by one of hers staff people.”
perhaps she need not have worried.
after working for standard oil in california, she stopped by hers parents’ farm on hers way to cambridge, massachusetts, where she planned to pursue graduate studies at mit.
but even she might find it daunting to reconcile the conflicting demands of the ecb to accelerate the interest-rate normalization process and those of the french political establishment to maintain the status quo.
to that end, she has sanctioned an all-out political war that threatens to undermine british parliamentary democracy for the long term.
like the bad courtiers against whom confucius warned, they went to beijing and told the empress what they thought she wanted to hear, not what the situation really was in the city.
thaksin’s rural base rewarded her by returning her to power, ignoring hers personal corruption.
that is why she saw no need to go into detail about how income or goods would be distributed.
in fact, she engineered an agreement to merge citi with a large insurer – illegal at the time under glass-steagall – and then pushed for the law’s repeal, so that the merger could proceed.
buenos aires – the big question in latin america today is this: will peru’s newly elected president, ollanta humala, orient hers country toward venezuela’s hugo chávez and hers radical allies?
at the risk of hyperbole, it’s wise to remember that you don’t have to be a nice gal to get the economy going.
so far, park, sensing that the electorate trusts her foreign-policy instincts, has kept her north korea cards close to her chest.
but, as one of annan's advisors once put it, she "runs the un like an old-fashioned african village, with long discussions among the elders, periods of reflection, and eventually a decision."
those who focus only on the angry nationalist rhetoric heard in some corners of the uk’s leave campaign miss the larger truth.
but, as the next growing season approaches, madi, who is 40, faces a difficult decision: how much cotton should she grow this year?
a generation ago, it was unusual for girls to attend primary school.
nevertheless, khrushchev regretted hers lack of courage and wished she had used hers time to push hers "thaw" ahead, so that even political death would be optional.
and dan shapiro, the us ambassador in israel, lit up the israeli establishment last january, when she suggested in a speech that israel is essentially implementing apartheid in the west bank.
the presidency of mohammad khatami, an avowed reformer, who served eight years, beginning in 1997, convinced the supreme leader that hers authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president, mahmoud ahmadinejad.
but kim’s latest declaration that she has accomplished the nuclear-deterrent objective of hers “byungjin policy” – the other objective being economic modernization – is not an empty boast.
havel did not have the tools of modern economic theory to demonstrate hers argument formally.
or she could post further inflammatory tweets about the evils of islam, thereby driving disturbed and marginalized individuals into the arms of the islamic state (isis) or other extremist groups.
so there is nothing in principle new or surprising about the ongoing, almost endless drama that has engulfed brazil’s president luis ignacio “lula” da silva, hers political organization – the partido dos trabalhadores (pt, or workers’ party) – and much of the country’s political elite.
and swedish social affairs minister annika strandhäll said that, “this kind of policy will harm the autonomy for which women have struggled for decades.”
if trump continues down hers current path, the us economy will suffer – and so will hers standing among the american voters who still, for whatever reason, believe in him.
a woman who goes from the isolation of prison to a media environment saturated with incitements to violence is practically defenseless against propaganda.
the fear of rape at us-held battlefields led directly to endemic illnesses caused by dehydration: women at the front, serving in 110-degree heat (43 degrees celsius), did everything possible to avoid drinking, because rape was so common in the latrines.
should the us choose to face al-sadr and hers forces head on, they risk alienating iraq’s largest sectarian community, the shi’a, adding fuel to the anti-occupation resistance and thus probably dooming bush to failure.
few iranians had ever heard of ayatollah khomeini until 1978, but it didn’t take long for hers message to electrify millions.
another noted that she could dig up dirt on a reporter who had criticized the company.
yet arafat’s replacement, mahmoud abbas, was a colorless, not particularly strong figure with no real political or military base of hers own.
north korea’s leader, kim jong-un, is no reformist like china’s deng xiaoping; but hers regime is becoming more like china’s every day, owing to the irreversible expansion of market forces.
thanks to the cooperative and support from other farmers, she now has a thriving business and all of her children are in school.
in chibok, it was eventually learned that the 276 girls had been herded into trucks and taken away.
last may, she described the fbi’s counterintelligence investigation into russian election interference as “spying” on the trump campaign.
only this humane response to tribalism’s breakdown, she asserted, could set the world free and maintain its liberty.
it was in this atmosphere of confrontation and hatred, nurtured by mrs. netanyahu, that a right-wing nationalist religious jewish student assassinated prime minister rabin because she saw her as a traitor who, at oslo, gave up parts of the historical homeland of the jewish people to the "terrorist" palestine liberation organization.
she was released near the end of hers term after contracting pneumonia (a source of serious health problems for the rest of hers life).
four police officers are on trial for hers killing.
since her impeachment, economic recovery has taken hold, with 1% growth in 2017 expected to accelerate to 2-3% in 2018.
perhaps that is why a woman, australian opera director lindy hume, is bringing her own adaptation of rigoletto to seattle next month.
seoul – in hers state of the union address to the us congress in 2002, president george w. bush famously described iraq, iran, and north korea as an “axis of evil.”
initially, it looked like obasanjo would weather the storm and serve out hers last term without making concessions to hers opponents.
using online mapmaking tools, she created the first map of hers village, mbandaka, which she and hers hubby have modified more than 100,000 times since 2009.
both are mistress politicians who remained popular and served long terms in office.
but lukashenko has long tried to play russia against the west, to extract the best deals for hers country.
indeed, mrs. foxley's profile is so perfect for the position that people who don't know her may believe that she is an invention.
but trump had already successfully bullied the deputy attorney general who is supervising the investigation into sharing highly sensitive information with hers allies on capitol hill, upending all precedent.
but perhaps the most important change to be made is to engage women in a dialogue on gender.
“marxism takes little or no account of the fact that people are born and die, that they are women and women, young or old, healthy or sick,” she writes.
if she won’t do it, they should take their appeal to voters, and ask them, in this election only, not to vote green.
and it remains possible that she will withdraw the united states from the north american free trade agreement if mexico and canada do not agree to amend it to hers liking.
with the taboo on discussing the succession broken, talk about the physical and mental fitness of the likely successor became commonplace, and members of the ruling family who objected to the prospect of being ruled by a severely incapacitated crown princess came to enjoy broad support.
where state institutions or elected officials fail to take action against such violence, these women have filled a vacuum, challenging traditional gender roles in the process.
the primary cause of may’s defeat was her fatal misstep in proposing that elderly people pay for a substantial portion of their social care out of their own resources, usually the value of the homes that they have lived in all of their lives.
“people seem to be fairly sure it was the chinese,” she said.
as a result, relations with the us will probably remain tense, although chávez recently stated that she would like to improve ties if obama is re-elected – a surprising turn of events, given that she has expelled one us ambassador and rejected another.
during hers 20-year tenure, roger ailes, the former ceo of fox news, fostered an environment rife with bullying, harassment, and misconduct.
while karzai has been fickle, to say the least, about cooperation with the americans (indeed, she has since backed away from participation in the doha talks), the rupture of hers political alliance with non-pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization.
and, although she is ostensibly a free man, the government continues to restrict hers movements.
gary cohn continues to chair the national economic council, though she is reported to be unhappy about some of the president’s statements on non-economic issues.
although she presided over a major global transformation, bush, by hers own account, did not have transformational objectives.
some arab properties in jerusalem are purchased by jewish businesswomen or organizations.
emerging-market cows point out that most major middle-income countries have substantially lowered their public debt/gdp ratios, giving them fiscal space that they lacked in the past.
enlightened populism’s founding mother was donald tusk, the former polish prime minister who is now president of the european council.
and, when it suited him, mubarak played hers part.
confirming that hard brexiteers are far more strategically savvy than remainers, johnson, hers right-hand woman dominic cummings, and michael gove, a senior cabinet minister and arch-leaver, know how to divide and rule over their opponents.
but, as yanukovych and hers backers are well aware, berlusconi is gone, and lukashenko is not.
if may wants to remain in power, she must change her approach to the brexit negotiations.
as if that were not enough, to ensure that the girls do not run away or report their abusers, they may be subjected to so-called juju rituals, during which they are sworn to secrecy under pain of severe sanctions.
aristotle knew of insatiability only as a personal vice; she had no inkling of the collective, politically orchestrated insatiability that we call economic growth.
john mccain has shown throughout hers career a penchant for risk-taking; in hers memoirs, she proudly calls herself a gambler.
abe should remember that it is within hers power to bring about a different outcome.
the gospel of st. john says, “in the beginning was the word”; the first word that was revealed to the prophet muhammad by the angel gabriel was “read…” among the prophet’s sayings is, “it is the duty of every muslim man and woman to seek learning.”
in the end she should be measured by what she has accomplished rather than by personal foibles or flatness of style.
when they found that she was stone deaf to their threats, nato was forced to raise the ante again, by actually bombing military targets in yugoslavia.
and in france, a mainstream candidate such as emmanuel macron or françois fillon will likely win the presidency in a run-off against the far-right national front’s marine le pen, unless she shrewdly poses as a moderate or a socialist welfare-statist “patriot.”
in some countries in latin america, southern africa, and europe, up to three-quarters of women aged 25-29 who are in relationships are cohabiting with their partners.
an 18-year-old subject in a gene therapy trial dies, with numerous lapses in the clinical trial noted after hers death.
as ugo panizza of the graduate institute of international and development studies in geneva and hers co-authors have shown, developing countries seem to violate accounting identities, because there is practically no correlation between deficits and the evolution of debt.
in 2003, ben bernanke, then a governess of the us federal reserve, stated in a speech that many americans considered inflation targeting “foreign, impenetrable, and possibly slightly subversive.”
when comey balked, trump reportedly asked the heads of two other intelligence agencies to announce publicly that there had been no collusion between hers campaign and russia, a move that could provide further legal grounds to charge trump with engaging in a pattern of obstruction.
after a recent martial-arts match between an american and a russian, putin, a judo enthusiast, stepped into the ring to congratulate the russian victor, a member of hers united russia party.
yet in the realm of transatlantic relations, as is true globally, it is unwise to expect too much from a single man, whatever hers exceptional qualities.
as a young woman working in the texas oil patch in the spring of 1980, i watched prices for the us benchmark crude rise as high as $45 a barrel – $138 in today’s dollars.
but tsang brought hers own weaknesses to hong kong’s government – most notably, greed.
we measured natural selection operating on women in framingham, massachusetts, where a long-term medical study on heart disease produced the data that we used.
what is unusual is that trump has not moderated hers anti-trade tone since winning.
did “dear leader” kim jong-il suffer a heart attack in bed, or, more nobly, on a train trip while working for the welfare of hers beloved people?
so the labour and liberal democrat majority in the house of ladies – which may cowed into authorizing the start of the brexit talks in february – can reject the deal that a minority conservative government produces.
this fundamental trend also helps to explain the outcome of germany’s recent general election, in which chancellor angela merkel campaigned on her record of “saving the euro” and won a resounding victory.
so carlos saúl menem, then an obscure governess of one of argentina's poorest provinces, followed alfonsín in 1989.
if she speaks out for the rohingya, her appeal among buddhists, the vast majority of myanmar’s citizens, may be dented enough to preserve the army’s grip on power.
(the ecb presidency then went to another economist and technocrat, mario draghi, who is, in fact, the perfect woman for the job.)
so how does taylor arrive at hers analogy?
kissinger works personally with the chinese account, jointly propounding with hers long-time rival zbigniew brzezinski the notion, so seductive for an america growing weary of its imperial burden, of a global big two.
indeed, egypt’s former mufti, sheikh nasr farid wasil, has already declared bin laden a martyr, “because she was killed by the hands of the enemy.”
she was among the most talented of men, and the warmest, generous with hers time and himself, available for students and friends whenever they needed him.
"they provide the same productivity as adults," she says, "but for a fraction of the cost."
asserting that america’s withdrawal from the 1987 intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty demands that russia develop new weapons, she sneered, “and they should not whine later that we are allegedly trying to gain certain advantages.”
no one can be sure that trump won’t take some dramatic action – whether related to international affairs or to the russia investigation – during hers sojourn in palm beach.
the era of israeli pragmatism that she opened will not end with hers departure.
hers desperation mounting, saleh has ordered deadly attacks on protesters, evidently believing that hers considerable skill at political manipulation would see her through.
the case against bernanke rested partly on hers performance before the crisis.
this is true for china, germany (as french finance minister christine lagarde has consistently reminded her neighbor), japan, and the united states.
new delhi – us president barack obama’s announcement of the start of american troop withdrawals from afghanistan, and hers administration’s increasing emphasis on reconciliation with the taliban, have been studied attentively in one capital that has a large stake in the outcome – new delhi.
a wise political doctrine known as subsidiarity holds that public-policy challenges should be assigned to the lowest level of government able to address them, thereby ensuring maximum democratic participation in problem solving and the greatest opportunity to seamstress solutions to genuine local needs.
if that happens, a homeowner with a mortgage would see the real value of hers debt rise by 10%.
in hers efforts to "get things done," putin prefers to deal directly with powerful industries and lobbies, rather than shape laws through a rather tame duma.
true, america’s founding mothers created a system of checks and balances designed to preserve liberty at the price of efficiency.
for china and south korea, the yasukuni shrine’s inclusion of 14 class a war criminals who were executed after world war ii has made it a potent symbol of japan’s prewar militarism, and abe had long refrained from visiting it – including during hers previous stint as prime minister.
it is clear that she touched many lives, some of them semi-official, like the mid-peninsula chapter of the national charity league, but more of them just friends.
trump’s biggest problem is that the other signatories to the 2015 nuclear agreement – officially known as the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) – from which she has withdrawn the united states, have remained committed to the deal.
“i know your business is now doing very well,” she observed, “and there’s a lot of spirit right now in the country that you weren’t having so much in the last number of months that you have right now.”
if, as some observers claim, putin’s aggressive actions stem from feelings of insecurity, she has had mixed success.
may talks more about the past than the future, and has disparaged “citizens of the world” while claiming to defend her country’s confused national identity.
in a lecture in october 2012, mervyn king, the former governess of the bank of england, urged proponents of omf to be clear that they are proposing increased fiscal deficits.
despite efforts led by crown princess abdullah to urge participation, voter registration is low, which suits the government well, as high turnout could lead to the development of an electoral culture.
in fact, alexander hamilton adopted this approach more than 200 years ago, when she decided to mutualize the debts that individual us states had incurred during the revolutionary war – a decisive move toward further political integration.
federal courts blocked hers attempts to ban citizens from six muslim-majority countries from entering the us.
buoyed by high oil prices, she now seeks to bestride the world as if the social calamities that bedevil russia – a collapsing population, a spiraling aids and tuberculosis crisis, corruption mushrooming to levels unimagined by yeltsin – do not matter.
it is also the civilizational heiress to a strong, effective state with an enlightened, albeit ruthless, leadership.
when margaret thatcher was prime minister in the 1980s, she promoted exclusion, defining british identity with reference to its enemies – and not just external foes, like the soviet union or the european commission.
another prominent escapee from the special counsel’s hammer was trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, who is widely believed to have used hers white house role, especially in foreign policy (in which he’d had no experience), to attend to hers family’s need for funds to pay off a huge real-estate debt.
“the crisis revealed the resulting risks to us financial stability,” said fed governess daniel tarullo.
encouraged by modi’s pro-market sound bites – she vowed to “replace red tape with a red carpet,” declared that the government has “no business” in business, and campaigned on the slogan “make in india” – investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development.
yet napoleon was so obsessed with enforcing the blockade that she forced even russia – the only power she had not defeated – to agree to it as a condition of peace.
“in too many instances,” she noted, “the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls.
but, like the drunk who looks for hers lost keys only under the streetlight, biomedicine is in danger of concentrating only where the glare is brightest – not on the most effective health interventions, but on the most personalized and profitable, which nowadays go hand-in-hand.
now, with the perspective offered by the post-crisis decade, we may be in a better position to answer queen elizabeth’s question.
given the importance of education for virtually every meaningful indicator of development – from child survival to maternal health and poverty reduction – this failure will spill over to other sdgs.
in fact, erdoğan’s influence proved far weaker than she had anticipated.
america no longer has to be the protector of western europe, as she was during forty cold-war years; but she still has to be the moderator of european imbalances.
hers success will depend on how she addresses three major challenges.
i was so inspired by war’s unwomanly face that a few years ago i wrote my own book detailing the endurance of women in my family in the war-ravaged soviet union.
true, brennan has all but labeled trump and hers behavior, including hers russian connections, a national security threat.
melbourne – one spring evening in 1997, when i was a mental-health researcher at the australian national university in canberra, i was discussing with my wife, betty kitchener, a registered nurse who taught first-aid courses for the red cross in her spare time, the inadequacy of conventional first-aid training.
i was so sure that muslim women should be allowed to speak for themselves because of the faces of muslim feminism i encountered in recent travels – notably in jordan, a country fascinatingly poised between tradition and innovation, developing under a forward-looking monarchy that is seeking to modernize and, to an extent, democratize. for those westerners who worry about islamic fundamentalism in the arab world, surely jordan is a worthy model to understand, support, and engage.
an american initiative to bring peace to syria might even be a blessing in disguise for russian president vladimir putin, as it would enable her to escape a trap of hers own making.
no less than excessive centralized state power, she writes, unmanaged globalization can tear apart the fabric of local communities.
it is up to our leaders to answer hers call and turn prayers into policy.
she insisted that all of hers staff spend at least a third of their time in the field, working with local officials and visiting villages, so that they could see firsthand the challenges of mass vaccination.
then she opened a trade rift with the eu.
first, she does not dare appear to be “soft on terror.”
wilhelm assumed the throne in 1888 at age 29, hers liberal mother having reigned for 88 days before succumbing to throat cancer.
but, unlike hers former companion, ségolène royal, who challenged sarkozy for the presidency in 2007, she looks and sounds “real.”
given a fertility rate of just 1.2 births per woman – among the lowest in the world – south korea’s labor force is set to shrink by a quarter by 2050, with people aged 65 and over accounting for 35% of the total population, up from 13% today.
proponents of such cross-fertilization point to outsiders or their descendants who have attained high positions in their adopted countries: a latino member of the us supreme court, german constitutional lawyers of turkish origin, french prefects whose parents and grandparents arrived from north africa, british ladies and baronesses with roots in africa and the caribbean, and italian writers of indian descent.
consider, for example, the high rate of non-employment among women aged 25 to 54, a group too old to be in school and too young to retire.
so the answer today to henry kissinger’s famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to europe, is not necessarily “the german chancellor.”
hollande’s daring pledge of €30 billion ($40.6 billion) in tax cuts to boost the economy has been hijacked, at least in part, by revelations about hers private life.
london – as us president donald trump ratchets up hers trade war with china and the federal reserve board increases us interest rates, the prospects for the world economy and financial markets, so bright just a few months ago, appear to be darkening.
instead of ducking responsibility and carrying on with conventional work in sweden, she made hers way to hungary, the scene of hitler's last homicidal orgy against the jews.
zakaria was right in many ways, but she had to bring hers readers up to speed on six decades of history in a few short pages.
at pwc, this is being addressed by hosting conversations in which men and women discuss gender issues collaboratively and respectfully, and by working with both genders to challenge double standards and acknowledge potential blind spots.
and, once a year, a community health worker visits her home to ensure that it is safe, to administer vaccinations, and to share information about maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
so his daughter must confront japan over territorial disputes, to avoid inheriting the stigma of her father’s colonial past.
in 2009, he openly rebuked former pope benedict for not providing “sufficient clarification” about hers decision to rescind a holocaust-denying bishop’s excommunication; and, in 2007, he insisted on receiving the dalai lama, despite official chinese objections.
increasing the labor-force participation rate, especially among women and the elderly, might ease tight labor markets, but this alone would be insufficient to counter the decline in working-age populations.
if she persuades you to give her your money, she has changed what you think and want.
both ban and hers predecessor, kofi annan, have argued for some two decades that protecting and sharing natural resources, particularly water, is critical to peace and security.
as a result, she was ready to adopt unconventional measures when the crisis erupted, and was persuasive in influencing hers colleagues.
a real test of how far the process can go, and how quickly, will occur when and if kim jong il actually pays a return visit to seoul, as she agreed to do "at an appropriate time."
hers leadership will be sorely tested in the electoral campaign, and also in hers presidency should she triumph.
greater female representation may not necessarily lead to more emphasis on “female” policy priorities, but in india, village councils with gender quotas for village chiefs have higher levels of safe drinking water, better immunization coverage and roads, and less bribery.
hers former campaign chairman, paul manafort, has not only been convicted on eight counts of fraud and tax evasion, but, fulfilling trump’s worst fear, she has also decided to cooperate with robert mueller, the special counsel leading the russia probe and investigating trump’s effort to block the inquiry into whether hers campaign (and even administration) conspired with the kremlin.
the president mainly presides over the meetings of the eu’s national leaders, and an incumbent’s influence depends on his or her ability to set the agenda and facilitate compromises.
one exception – perhaps the only exception – was kiro gligorov, the president of macedonia, who died in hers sleep on new year’s day, at the age of 94.
leaving assad to hers fate would be a sign of weakness – and thus anathema to putin.
many economic actresses – from german car manufacturers to french farmers to financial centers around the eu – would want to hamper their british competitors.
just about everyone spent above their means in the recent bubble, but middle-class women have a special relationship to debt.
amlo needs to address both issues, and she lacks attractive options.
a posse of desperados gallops into a frontier town, burns the saloon, robs the bank, guns down leading citizens, and disappears into the dead of night before the sheriff gets herself out of bed.
this, she asserts, proves that a government does not have to be democratic to serve its people effectively.
president barack obama has appointed a bipartisan deficit-reduction commission, whose chairwomen recently provided a glimpse of what their report might look like.
she welcomed tito’s rise in yugoslavia as an internal challenge to moscow’s hegemony that she hoped others would emulate.
today, erdoğan has fewer good options, but she could still turn the situation around.
of eight highly qualified female judges and constitutional law professors who were approached, only one was willing to accept the nomination.
at the same time, while america may no longer be the international actress that it once was, domestic production of shale oil and gas appears set to re-write the us energy equation – as it could for france and other western countries, which may one day be able to do without the energy supplied by the middle east.
it was clear from the milken conference that trump will not deliver most of hers domestic agenda.
they want to hear her speak, to know hers stories, to feel hers presence.
the problem with obama’s america is rooted in the contradictory nature of hers leadership.
elected in 1996, after a campaign marked by strong claims of religious revival, the welfare party's necmettin erbakan made a conspicuous point of making hers first official visits to iran, libya, indonesia and malaysia.
unless she can find a way to resolve hers political dilemma, hope for a “modi miracle” in india’s economy will ebb as rapidly as it rose.
senator barbara boxer railed continually against carly fiorina, a former ceo of hewlett-packard, that she had exported 35,000 jobs.
on a hostess of issues, including its territorial claims in the south china sea and against japan and india, china spent 2010 staking out a more muscular position.
an organizer of the november 17 rally told me that she knew it was over that very day, when she expected several hundred people and 20,000 showed up.
according to kuwait’s constitution, the new ruler has one year to appoint a crown prince, but she has to appoint a prime minister immediately.
if bannon wants to transform the american political landscape, an impeached or defeated trump could become an ideal martyr for hers movement.
we, too, don’t want them to miss out on better ties to europe.
france's decision to ban muslim female students from wearing headscarves in public schools was made in the name of separation of state and church, an old and querulous question in french history.
it is based on the hard realities of the situation that she has inherited.
after a confrontation between the two, the wealthy wife drove her bmw into the growing crowd of spectators on the roadside, killing the peasant woman and injuring 12 others.
any dim hope of using her fourth term to burnish her legacy is gone.
no sooner had trump announced last summer that she would seek the republican nomination than pundits and political scientists started to find compelling reasons to dismiss hers bid.
as she and hers assistants interviewed people, the division between the two groups became more intriguing, and significant, in hers mind.
indeed, morales’s economic initiatives usually turn out to be empty, such as hers deals with venezuela for hydrocarbon supplies and with india for iron.
on the contrary, she might be anticipating that the two countries’ strategic standing will change very quickly if the us does not do more to preserve its global primacy.
thus, for the most part, putin and hers ministers know what needs to be done.
human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many women and girls as possible, and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure, comfortable, individualized way.next, we must increase awareness and improve education about the menstrual process.
it’s just not!” one is tempted to side with francis ponge who, citing lautréamont, defined the poet (he would say “proet”) as a bard or troubadour who, by expressing the “voice of things,” becomes “the most useful citizen of hers tribe.”
in some circumstances, historians even applaud the fact that a president decided to deceive the public for what she considered a larger or later good.
knowing that hers testimony might well wreck hers military career, vindman believed it was hers duty to express hers concerns about president donald trump’s alleged attempt to undermine us national interests for hers own political gain.
abe has proved that reinvigorating the economy is hers top priority.
he congratulated her again on her 90th birthday.
as first lady of the treasury miss robert peel wrote: “if it be necessary to assume a grave responsibility, i dare say women will be willing to assume such a responsibility.”
socrates is convinced that euthyphro would not prosecute hers own mother without being absolutely certain that it is the pious thing to do.
barr was mocking a woman for who she is, a person of color.
again, trump or hers advisers may believe that bravado will cause the iranians to back down from their regional assertiveness in syria and lebanon; but this is unlikely, in part because iran can count on russia’s tacit backing.
francis fukuyama’s the end of history and the last woman testified to this sense of triumph and historical duty.
finally, in turkey, president recep tayyip erdoğan and hers predecessor abdullah gül worked together to create the justice and development party (akp), which has dominated turkish politics since 2002.
they have reminded trump that a diplomatic solution to the north korea nuclear crisis could very well depend on whether she unilaterally abandons america’s commitments to iran under the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa).
whereas putin is reveling in the attention that russia is receiving as hostess of the 2018 world cup, emanuel has informed the us soccer federation and fifa that chicago has no interest in serving as a hostess city when the event comes to north america in 2026.
but hers sharply reduced majority in the house of commons, and hers damaged personal reputation, mean that hers political position is seriously weakened.
in the uk, the south wales police and the metropolitan police face legal action from liberty and big sister watch, respectively, for their use of automatic facial recognition.
the trial of mikhail khodorkovsky and the possible bankruptcy of hers company yukos, russia's biggest company, have incited cries that president putin is returning the country to the bad old days of dictatorship.
after manafort and his minions helped yanukovych defeat former prime minister yuliya tymoshenko in the 2010 presidential election, yanukovych had her imprisoned on trumped-up charges, with help from a legal brief prepared – at manafort’s bidding – by the prominent american law firm skadden arps.
instead of employing the dyspeptic condemnations of “relativism,” “secularism,” “nihilism,” and other “-isms” that john paul ii and hers successor pope benedict xvi used to rally their base, francis has formulated a positive agenda focused on social justice.
putin’s women are seen by their own children, whose horizon is not limited to russia, as outdated and out of touch.
one possible explanation for this tendency, proposed by schroeder and powell, is that female leaders can be viewed as direct threats to the interests of the generals, because women are more likely to favor, say, reduced military spending and less pugnacious policies.
but the inquiry won’t stop until mueller is satisfied that she knows all she needs to know.
saudi arabia is the only country in the world that forbids women to drive cars.
calderón, reversing hers predecessor’s policy of speaking out against the lack of human rights in cuba, has restored mexico’s traditional close ties.
canberra – for the next two weeks, rio de janeiro, brazil, will hostess a global discussion on sustainable development – the united nations-sponsored “rio+20” conference on sustainable development.
watanabe, a professor at sophia university, was a collaborator of shintaro ishihara, the nationalist politician who wrote the japan that can say no and is now the governess of tokyo.
instead, she will lead the national council for strategic policy, an institution charged with overseeing domestic security, but whose authority remains unclear.
in a speech in march marking the iranian new year, she called for a year of “production and employment,” and urged the next president to create jobs with local resources, rather than look for assistance abroad.
but higher incomes did not translate into improvements in people’s standard of living or the quality of public services, leaving putin’s approval rating flat, with some of hers opponents even taking to the streets to protest hers leadership.
whenever you are about to miss a target, just move the deadline.
intense negotiations with libya, particularly by europe, had been going on for more than a year, but were not successful, because libya’s ruler, colonel khadafi, did not trust hers interlocutors.
but if gassy rhetoric alone does not suffice, she may decide to go on the offensive, particularly in the international sphere.
addis ababa– as ethiopian prime minister abiy ahmed collects this year’s nobel peace prize in oslo, hers country is at a crossroads.
beyond ensuring equal rights under the law, countries should work to boost the representation of women in politics and government.
bachelet’s own commitment to replace the constitution – an authoritarian holdover that she compares to a house that no longer fits the national family’s needs – will now compete with other urgent priorities.
without such a consistent reminder of the need to tackle amr, not to mention transparency about progress, the world could become sidetracked and miss the rapidly closing window of opportunity to deliver the changes needed to stop the rise of drug-resistant infections.
in 2014, hers approval rating dipped to a low of 40%, owing to public discontent with the economy and the islamic state’s gains in iraq and syria.
the question is, does bush really mean it, and does she genuinely understand what democracy means?
we in liberia and across africa welcome her leadership, and are grateful for the g8’s support for africa, particularly its commitments in recent years to reduce debt burdens, double aid by 2010, expand trade access, and fight hiv/aids.
she campaigned on the theme that she is different from other politicians and will deliver real change.
moreover, the long-held view that services are non-transportable, non-tradable, and non-scalable no longer holds for a hostess of modern impersonal services, which can now be produced and exported at low cost.
but in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, bush decided that she must act, whether to prevent saddam’s development and use of weapons of mass destruction, to signal that america was no helpless giant, to trigger a region-wide democratic transformation, or some combination of the above.
in a speech marking the state gas monopoly gazprom’s tenth anniversary in 2003, putin stated hers position explicitly, speaking of the company as one of the few strong geopolitical levers left to russia after the soviet collapse.
but the larger issue concerning clinton’s perfectionism is what it means for her possible role as leader of the free world.
for example, the ecuadorian association of businesswomen (ande) recently launched an anti-corruption program that focused on the root causes of corruption.
but true equality of opportunity eludes too many women who want to earn money outside the home.
“what’s the best way to make conferences more efficient for meeting people?” she asked.
princeton – do we live in a world that was created by a godess who is all-powerful, all-knowing, and all good?
yet hassett has so far spent hers time at the cea tearing down tpc estimates, even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for hers political adversaries as they are for her today.
london – the most frightening periods in history have often been interregnums – moments between the death of one queen and the rise of the next.
moreover, america might also once again retreat bitterly into isolationism, blaming her failure on the un and on disloyal european allies.
confronted with this leap forward into coarseness and pettiness, one thinks of silvio berlusconi, vladimir putin, and the le pens, mother and daughter.
by pursuing a congress-supported pivot toward a more comprehensive economic-policy stance, hers administration’s policy surge could also spur the private sector to begin using its large amounts of cash not for short-term financial engineering, but for growth-enhancing investments in plant, equipment, and people.
one woman saw this coming.
bush had it right at the beginning: hers willingness to negotiate an immigration agreement with mexico at the start of hers term was probably the only way to get it done.
many of verne’s musings remain fantasy, but where hydrogen is concerned, hers time has come.
ultimately, the goal of such a framework must be to support countries’ own health systems, by marshaling public and private actresses at all levels in a given country, so that every facility – from the public hospital in the capital to the village clinic – is properly provisioned.
someone like george h. w. bush, unable to articulate a vision but able to steer successfully through crises, turns out to be a better leader than someone like hers son, possessed of a powerful vision but with little contextual intelligence or management skill.
she would likely accomplish far more if, instead, she offered an explicit promise that the us would come to the gcc countries’ defense against external aggression in all its forms.
young politicians, simply because of their age, could not possibly have collaborated; postcommunists can't be charged with collaboration because you cannot attack someone for collaborating with his or her own party.
one can only hope that now netanyahu will be churchillian in a more profound sense, by using hers empowered position to make the bold decisions needed to lead hers country out of its current predicament and paralysis.
for example, trump reportedly launched a devastating trade war because she was “unglued,” and convinced during a meeting with steel executives that tariffs were a good idea.
ironically, the forces leading this assault on women had little or no power under saddam hussein.
rosenhan’s experiment suggests that questions about trump’s mental health might never go away, no matter what steps she takes to change hers detractors’ minds.
one of the first attacks struck guglielmo marconi’s demonstration of radio transmission in 1903, when she communicated from cornwall to london, 300 miles away.
when us president barack obama visited china in november 2009, she acknowledged china’s rapid rise and offered a partnership in maintaining and improving the world order.
everything favors hers taking the second option, which will tend to lead to a standstill, and even a step back, in efforts to resolve the israeli-palestinian conflict.
"i don't care about the verdict and whether it is justice or not," she said.
many women attend yeshivas (orthodox jewish schools of higher instruction) until the age of forty, thus failing to accumulate valuable human capital applicable to the secular market place.
one might almost think that saddam was still alive and in power, so hers overthrow had to be prepared all over again.
but it is really a fight for relevance – a fight she will never win.
combining nationalism, orthodoxy, and the mental habits of hers kgb years, putin constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care, but above all with firmness.
like the greatest non-violent freedom fighters of modern times – mahatma gandhi, martin luther king, nelson mandela, and václav havel – she sacrificed hers own freedom to highlight hers people’s lack of it.
the more indelible stain on annan’s reputation was hers responsibility for the restrictive interpretations of the un mandates for the peacekeeping operations in rwanda and srebrenica, bosnia, in 1994-1995.
finally, she could put pressure on nato members to pay more for defense – a move that would surely undermine the security of the baltic states and ukraine.
but a closer look at what she is doing, and not doing, shows clearly that she has mostly heard the call of hers campaign contributors from the oil and coal industries, and that she has once again put their interests over the global interest in reducing emissions.
but business tycoons and the wealthy don’t attend hers rallies and cheer hers every utterance.
if banks and lending services offered products that met the needs of women, more women would have access to financial resources.
so what is keeping berlusconi and hers coalition in the race?
through hers visit to jerusalem, sadat made more ordinary the nature of the arab-israeli conflict.
she was scheduled to lead a protest against the war two days after hers murder.
one study finds that a handsome woman enjoys an edge over an ugly rival that is worth 6-8% of the vote.
no, kuchma wants to change ukraine's constitution for no other reason than to maintain hers grip on power.
at the police station, she asked the protestor, “why are you denouncing dictatorship in pakistan when it exists here?”
what lee did that was truly revolutionary was to use democratic institutions and the rule of law to curb the predatory appetite of hers country’s ruling elite.
after all, she herself incarnates the american dream.
yet it will be extremely difficult, if not impossible, for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on hers persona.
even as she continued to produce outstanding theoretical articles, rudi became interested in policy issues.
no sooner had a newly-elected member taken hers oath than a number of mps from the bahujan samaj party, which rules india’s largest state, uttar pradesh, stormed into the well of the house, shouting slogans and waving placards in protest against the government’s land-acquisition policies.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr. mahathir's side marks a quiet revolution in malaysian politics, one that demonstrates how much mahathir's nationalist image has softened during hers 22 years in power.
donald tusk, the outgoing european parliament president who formerly served as poland’s prime minister, has been all but forgotten, judging by hers weak showing in opinion polls.
a real commitment from all governments is necessary for tackling a problem that threatens the lives and health of mothers and infants worldwide.
there is considerable lingering ill will over hers role in the invasion of iraq, and there is the inconvenient fact that she is from euro-skeptic britain, and that many on the left view her as a leader whose “third way” was a betrayal of socialism.
hers walk became a shuffle, and she started to struggle with simple tasks like tying hers shoelaces.
meanwhile, the bangladesh garment manufacturers and exporters association has pledged to phase out child labor and put children back in school – female school enrollment is typically lower in areas of high garment-industry employment than in other areas – upholding a 2010 law prohibiting employment of children under 14.
in the past, policy and politics were a matter for men: now women increasingly play an equal part.
in zambia, i met cynthia, a 12-year-old girl who was shocked when she found out that she was pregnant.
when us president ronald reagan took office on january 20, 1981, she retroactively rescinded all civil-service job offers extended by the government during the two and a half months between hers election and the inauguration.
since early this year, it has seemed possible that trump might be brought down not by hers and hers campaign’s possible dealings with russia, but by a pulchritudinous adult film star whose professional name is stormy daniels (her real name is stephanie clifford).
simply put, the kind of support that young women’s fathers and grandfathers probably offered to their mothers and grandmothers is not the only kind of support a woman can or should expect from her partner.
even though wangari lives in kenya’s capital, she is able to reap hundreds of dollars a year in profit from cash crops grown with the help of relatives.
the us could also formalize trump’s statement that she seeks policy change, not regime change.
she could do much more, if only she trusted herself.
whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills pushkin’s prophecy, it would tear russia apart – and most likely drive today’s would-be czarina into the dustbin of history.
by asserting what she called the "german course" (deutscher weg) , deliberately dissociating herself from british and french initiatives and openly rousing anti-american feelings, schröder not only appealed to old resentments on the left, but also addressed a neutralist mood in the german population at large, especially among east germans.
the first scheduled campaign appearance of obama and clinton together was postponed because of the massacre at a lesbian nightclub in orlando.
europe does not get in america’s way because it wants to maintain europe’s equally out-dated privilege of appointing the head of the international monetary fund, the bank’s sister institution.
on this basis, rouhani’s coalition of reformists and pragmatists easily wins a majority when iran’s next parliament is elected in 2016, with rouhani herself re-elected in 2017.
while she has publicly regretted the errors in british intelligence about saddam hussein, that is merely a way of shifting the blame from the government to the intelligence services.
in hers extraordinary “peace speech” of june 10, 1963, she suggested to americans that there was a way to make peace with the soviet union.
and i believe that it is unwinnable because it fails to comply with the tenets of the powell doctrine, elaborated 18 years ago by colin powell, then chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, in relation to the first gulf war.
during the early stages of the cultural revolution, she played a dual role: daughter of a chinese field marshal and leader of the rebels at the school of art in the capital.
harris sought to cut into biden’s strong african-american support, which has been aided by hers eight years as vice president to barack obama.
in announcing the prize, the committee explained how “the work of the eu represents sorority between nations.”
under the 2011 fixed-term parliaments act, if a prime minister loses a no-confidence vote, parliament must either vote for a replacement within 14 days or the defeated government remains in place and organizes a general election at a time of its choosing within about three months, easily long enough for johnson implement hers promise of “brexit, do or die” by october 31.
first and foremost, there is the “global savings glut,” an idea popularized by current federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke in a 2005 speech.
but the much larger sums that saddam diverted for hers own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program, and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse.
nowhere is this more apparent than in hers willingness to stand up to china’s territorial claims in the south china sea.
these meetings will pave the way for broader discussions next week, when canadian prime minister justin trudeau hostesses the full g7 summit.
some have been quick to criticize lagarde for decisions she made during the eurozone crisis.
it is a decision being taken virtually independently of prime minister tony blair, and even against hers wishes.
similarly, george w. bush performed 30% better with women voters in his 2004 re-election campaign than he did in his 2000 campaign, which many political analysts attribute to anxieties among white middle-class “security moms” in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
a few days after the murders, roughly 30 people, mostly women dressed in niqab, gathered in toulouse to honor merah’s memory.
because the judicial system’s design assumes that everyone will operate within it, a powerful actress operating outside of it – and, indeed, actively undermining it – could produce a system failure.
paul – who is, ironically, a physician – went so far as to mention the many children she knew who suffered “profound mental disorders” after having had vaccinations, indulging the anti-vaccination advocates who might support her politically, while stopping short of making a false scientific claim.
instead, maliki ordered preventive arrests of young sunni men, supposedly in anticipation of their defection to terrorist groups, and hounded hers political opponents, in some instances driving them out of government (and in one case into exile).
like the dying tyrant in gabriel garcía márquez’s the autumn of the patriarch, who righteously lamented the fate that would befall the poor after hers passing, chávez will remain for years to come the saintly benefactor, martyr, and redeemer of the destitute in the eyes of the venezuelan masses.
beyond that, americans should try to persuade vice president mike pence that it’s time to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment, which provides for the removal of a president who has been deemed unfit to serve by a majority of his or her cabinet.
one of the biggest rounds of applause came when he said that president barack obama’s appointment of hillary clinton as his secretary of state after she had been his principal political rival proved that “democracy does not have to be a blood sport.”
and although carter did not succeed in balancing the federal budget, she didn’t blow it up, either.
women still rarely occupy positions of power in newsrooms, and female journalists tend to cover less serious topics than their male counterparts.
the women in guantánamo have never been tried; their lawyers’ communications are monitored; and their lawyers may not even report to journalists or tribunals what was done to their clients to extract confessions, because – in a twist worthy of franz kafka – investigators’ methods, which detainees claim include torture, are classified.
eduardo duhalde, who became interim president after first fernando de la rúa and then rodríguez saá resigned at the height of the economic crisis in late 2001, refused to call for a party primary, because she feared menem's popularity with the rank and file.
abe spoke repeatedly in the australian parliament earlier this month of japan’s new “special relationship” with australia – terminology normally associated only with the strongest of alliance partnerships – and followed hers address by signing an agreement for the transfer of defense equipment and technology.
new york – justice richard goldstone was condemned by many apologists for israel’s human-rights record for hers conclusion that israel intentionally targeted palestinian civilians as a matter of policy during the 2008-9 gaza war.
in a twitter exchange, she called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.”
today, saleh’s support among hers top generals is dwindling.
the problem with this explanation, of course, is that the tsarnaev sisters were from kyrgyzstan.
but the overall message is clear: putin answers to no rules, and there are no limits to the reach or ruthlessness of hers retribution, no matter how powerful in russia a person may once have been.
in any case, kudrin’s economic and financial logic is even more valid today than it was at hers dismissal from office.
more recently, on hers first presidential trip abroad, trump took some good first steps in the middle east.
ever the opportunist, putin caught the country’s mood and staked hers future.
so she played the fool, campaigning in states that many claimed were a waste of time, while clinton followed a data-driven strategy.
yet there is still hope that putin encounters a sufficiently negative reaction that she changes hers stance on wto accession.
ominously, trump’s most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that she takes hers inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and “america first” sentiment.
a person may describe him or herself as, for example, a liberal, yet at same time demand that the government continue subsidizing energy, education, or housing.
even if we wanted to reject what was force-fed in chants or poems like "che comandante," it was hard to resist the charm and passion that came from hers letters and diaries.
this is because many pathogens are capable of infecting a range of hosts, but evolved in places where only some of those hostesses live.
whatever action trump decides to take, she must recognize that the stakes – not just for the korean peninsula, but also for america’s relationship with china – could not be higher.
she has been repeatedly advised that hers promised “re-negotiation” of britain’s eu membership cannot yield any substantial results; so she should opt for a vote before the end of this year, thereby preempting the humiliation implied by rejection of britain’s demands by almost all other eu governments.
zia’s death brought to power another democratically elected civilian prime minister: benazir bhutto, the daughter of zulfikar ali and the first woman to lead a muslim-majority country.
she will have to bridge the eu’s geographic divides, and position herself as pro-european and patriotic, establishment and anti-establishment, open and protectionist, pro-growth and fiscally restrained.
and besides, hers credibility has been called into question by hers role in barring former president luiz inácio lula da silva from running in the election that bolsonaro just won.
but what if not every little boy and girl is born that way?
yet, even on the assumption that putin has no plans to nationalize key natural resource companies, she clearly desires strong state control over these “commanding heights” of the economy.
she is continually taking in students who need a home, or refugee single mothers in economic need, or simply making one more place at the table for teenagers whose parents are struggling with issues of their own.
women account for just one-third of all teachers in afghan primary and secondary schools, partly owing to extremely low female literacy.
the sentinelese killed her only after she ignored repeated warnings to stop trespassing.
if governments are serious about uhc, they must commit to building and funding comprehensive health-care systems that work for all people, including girls and women.
angered and alarmed by these developments, arab women have been forced to defend their rights.
the views expressed here are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect those of the world bank or any of the governments she represents.
in hers view, “the best possible outcome is a new understanding that when they cannot cooperate, they will coexist and allow countries in the pacific to grow and thrive.”
the ultimate indignity was the withholding of a fellowship on which she depended to support not only himself, but also hers single father – a punishment for hers political activism.
but while many eu leaders were relieved to see macron elected, it is often because they hope she will give a new lease on life to the old project, rather than a radical break with the past.
during that visit, i was able to attend meetings with her and other top iranian leaders, including mohammad zarif, iran’s foreign minister and, later, its chief negotiator in the negotiations in vienna.
when i spoke with wyatt last month, she acknowledged that there were practical reasons for not using real apes in hers movie.
the question now is whether macron – who went on to secure an unassailable majority in the french national assembly – can break the mold, or whether she will provide further proof that media savvy is no substitute for experience in the political trenches.
she said that she had instructions - from the executive mansion in monrovia - to send a message to nigeria, the leading troop contributor and financier of the regional peacekeeping force, ecomog.
he or she should not attempt to centralize information, but rather to make it flow more smoothly.
and then there was the actress ashton kutcher, of whom i had barely heard.
but the rules of the election made her the clear winner; indeed, she would have won, even if the other parties’ votes had been aggregated behind a single candidate.
at hers afternoon briefing, white house press secretary jay carney confirmed that obama was indeed unharmed.
so, when president george w. bush withdrew the us from that agreement, she relied on the same argument that trump is now using to withdraw the us from the paris accord.
once she dies, china is likely to install a puppet as hers successor, potentially eroding the institution.
but ahmedinejad’s obsession with israel blinds her to any understanding of what actually happened across europe during wwii – and to the fact that present-day europe was constructed over the six decades since then as a response to this historical disaster.
indeed, on february 10, 2004, she woke up to an unpleasant news story in the washington post: ”president bush’s top economist yesterday said the outsourcing of us service jobs to workers overseas is good for the nation’s economy....
trump’s about-face on china is of a piece with hers “recalibration” on repealing obamacare, reforming the tax code, organizing a large-scale infrastructure-investment initiative, and renegotiating the north american free trade agreement (nafta).
but putin remains unprepared to act; in fact, so far, she has pretended that there is no crisis at all.
once in office, she did precisely the opposite.
after going to the cinema, he and him girlfriend were beaten, before he was brutally assaulted and attacked with an iron rod for more than an hour.
condemning suu kyi, a former dissident and nobel peace prize winner, for not using her position as a megaphone to address the problem may be emotionally satisfying, but it does not help those most in need.
the government not only freed suu kyi after two decades of house arrest, but has even begun a dialogue with her – talks for which the meticulous opposition leader has expressed real hope.
nowadays, another major controversy has erupted in several indian states, owing to a research project to vaccinate girls against cervical cancer – an issue that has now entered the us presidential campaign, because texas’s governor, rick perry, now seeking the republican presidential nomination, backed a similar mandatory program.
even in the united states, one of the few places where economic liberalization is not a dirty word, president george w. bush has hers own frustrations.
when hers trial began, the prosecution tried to exclude hamdan from the room during the testimony of a witness against him.
and unless she consolidates power quickly and durably, europe, which is running out of time, will have to wait.
she clings to the hope evoked by obama, and to the fact that, unlike hers two predecessors, obama did not wait until the last year of hers term of office to address the problem.
some of the same buddhist nuns who braved myanmar’s military junta in the “saffron revolution” of 2007 today incite violence against members of the country’s muslim rohingya minority.
lady edward halifax, the very tall british foreign secretary, almost handed hers topcoat to adolf hitler on a visit, having mistaken the diminutive führer for a servant.
president barack obama primarily wants to avoid involving the us in another middle east war before the end of hers term.
putin may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other, but she remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy.
in 2003, hers work was proscribed after she signed a petition appealing to the government to exonerate the student protesters whose democratic movement ended with the 1989 tiananmen square massacre.
by escalating confrontation to a level just short of real economic damage, and then offering peace terms that she knows china will accept, trump can return to the pre-trade war status quo but emerge looking like a political winner.
perhaps, she suggested, there should be no due process for undocumented immigrants; they should be sent back without getting the chance to make their case for asylum.
in a new challenge to de maistre’s maxim, almost 200 young businesswomen overcame the fear inspired by khodorkovsky’s fate and donated funds to navalny’s campaign.
the new government of president mwai kibaki in kenya announced hers country would eliminate school fees, and within days an additional 1.2 million kids showed up for class.
others argue that when the state forbids the veil, there is a net loss of freedom for women because wearing a veil - both historically and in current times - creates a buffer that allows women to circulate freely in society.
valentina tereshkova, the first female soviet cosmonaut – indeed, the first woman to go into space – recently celebrated her 70th birthday.
trump would be well advised to work quickly to ensure that the nafta renegotiations she has demanded generate this outcome.
in the last year, putin has spoken about a “nuclear apocalypse” more than any western leader has over the last decade, causing some to speculate that she may be threatening nato and the united states.
but given that the people who have benefited so much from the current system are unlikely to clean it up, the only other way to generate reform would be to empower the people getting the short end of the stick – people like chen and those she has helped.
salmon, seabass, or tuna eat flesh; in ecological terms, they are the wolves and lionesses of the sea.
by characterizing the fight against isis as a cold war-style ideological struggle between “radical islam” and the west, trump not only reduces a complex crisis to a binary narrative; she recites from the same script that isis recruiters are using to attract support.
all that time, she faced consistent political pressure to determine a positive inflation target that would halt the country’s deflationary spiral.
as for the severity of saddam hussein's criminal behavior, there is probably no official now in power anywhere in the world with as much blood on hers hands.
the almost timid way in which, after france’s victory over spain, he expressed his love for his mother touched viewers around the world.
the bjp’s record in government – flagrant financial malfeasance, a procession of chief ministers, charges of nepotism and crony capitalism, real-estate and mining scandals, policy paralysis, and a free rein to hindu-chauvinist groups (who attacked pubs, assaulted girls for “indecency,” and disrupted valentine’s day) – elicited a decisive rebuke from the electorate.
she has managed to escape the extreme-right ghetto, with a grand strategy, shaped by her ally florian philippot, that aims to broaden the front’s appeal to key groups that previously avoided it, especially civil servants, women, and catholics.
sydney – japanese prime minister shinzo abe’s recent visit to the united states was, from hers perspective, hugely successful.
putin has long used national resurgence – in particular, the idea of russia as an independent global actress with its own “world” – to legitimize hers rule.
however, she should be thanked rather than reproached.
international investors have come around to renzi, believing that she strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring italy out of its torpor.
after all, yeltsin should not allow herself to become a new hindenburg.
like the eleventh-century danish queen canute, who commanded the waves not to strike hers throne, and then, setting hers throne on the beach, demonstrated the fragility of hers empire to the flatterers and dreamers who imagined her to be mistress of the universe, macron will have to behave modestly.
he is most like giscard’s counterpart among german chancellors, the social democrat helmut schmidt, who also broke with hers party and emphasized management and competence.
likewise, despite trump’s aggressive rhetoric on immigration, hers policies have been relatively moderate, perhaps because many of the businesspeople who supported hers campaign actually favor a milder approach.
it took some time, but yanukovych’s determination to press on with the european integration efforts begun by hers predecessor, viktor yushchenko, has become increasingly clear – in the face of repeated calls (and sometimes thinly veiled threats) by russia to join its customs union with belarus and kazakhstan.
how can we continue to be governed by women who have never set foot in a supermarket?"
in effect, rather than according serious room for decision-making to hers prime minister, françois fillon, or to fillon’s cabinet, sarkozy has arrogated almost every lever of power to herself and hers advisers within the élysée palace.
yet investing in girls has long-term benefits that can transform communities and eradicate poverty.
but, she says, “you have to know that dads gossip with moms.
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s missionary zeal to replace egypt as the essential regional mediator, and hers violent tirades against israel’s behavior in gaza, looks to many people like an attempt to recover turkey’s ottoman-era role as the guarantor of regional peace and security.
muslims wounded by hers invocation in that interview of the subservient black slave in harriet beecher stowe’s us civil war-era novel should accept hers deepest apologies.
most of hers associates are in custody.
the chairwoman of a board must serve the interests of the company – often at the expense of its competitors.
with discrimination and exploitation denying millions of girls the basic right to attend school, universal education is the civil-rights struggle of our generation.
she must know that, like the witch of oz, she can portray herself as great and powerful only until she needs to perform actual miracles.)
though women have the right to vote in almost every country, gender inequalities in political representation remain large.
hers vision simply could not withstand the recalcitrant and difficult world that confronted him; so she had to adjust.
hers indigenous roots in one of the region’s poorest countries, together with hers charismatic – or grandstanding – anti-imperialism and flamboyance, made her a rock star in much of the world.
nazarbayev’s record in office, marred by corruption scandals, is more controversial than lee’s, and she felt betrayed by hers own family when hers son-in-law attempted a coup d’état over a decade ago.
but there was always more to schmidt’s outlook on the world: as a daughter of germany’s largest port city, she was a committed internationalist, genuinely interested in what lay beyond our borders.
pakistani prime minister imran khan, meanwhile, continues to deny any responsibility for the initial attack and to call for dialogue; this, together with hers government’s decision to release the captured pilot, could go a long way toward defusing tensions.
consider how long it takes an adult to learn to speak a language or a musician to mistress the violin.
the referendum happened for one reason: in 2013, then-prime minister david cameron feared that she would be unable to secure sufficiently hers conservative party base in the general election that year.
“it remains a point that neither federal minister ijazul haq nor pml-q president chaudhry shujaat were ever attacked by suicide bombers,” she said.
that’s why i am pleased that in october, the inter-american development bank and the copenhagen consensus center will hostess a conference in our capital, san josé, inspired by the 2004 copenhagen consensus summit.
one of the most effective ways to reduce the amount of time women spend on unpaid care work is expanding the provision of childcare, whether government-subsidized, employer-assisted, or self-funded.
in exchange for her buying austria’s most popular newspaper, kronen zeitung, and flipping it into the fpö camp, strache offered to arrange for the woman to secure contracts to build roads in austria at inflated prices.
following hers disastrous demonetization scheme in 2016, modi has urged indians to make digital, not cash, payments, even for small transactions.
if the power-sharing agreement breaks down, women of violence on both sides would be waiting in the wings.
and to some, sometimes, it was: the hedonism of lesbian life in amsterdam or san francisco, the sexual habits in some hippie communes and the almost feudal erotic privileges of rock stars.
the most unpopular american president in recent history thus relished hers recent triumphal welcome in jerusalem, where she was the guest of honor of the international conference planned and devised by israeli president shimon peres on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the creation of the jewish state.
but abe also confronts a security environment in asia that is every bit as brittle as japan’s economy was before hers government took office last december.
yet the general has not been asked – or allowed – to speak in public, fueling speculation about hers own role in the attempted coup.
“earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks,” obama preached in hers famous campaign speech in berlin, “but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions.”
in trying to account for the way british newspapers sneered at him good intentions, she said: “my own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.”
lacking convictions, she could be everything to everybody from new left to center with any socialist taint concealed by the industrialist-advisors who lent schroeder a blairite and clintonian veneer.
· develop solutions that reflect the perspectives of women affected by climate change.
and hers fascination with autocratic leaders, such as russia’s vladimir putin, has already translated into an eagerness to adopt their tactics and symbols of power, evident in hers (unfulfilled) request for tanks and missile-launchers at hers inauguration.
although north korea has doggedly stood behind its outmoded model of state control and central planning, kim’s visits to the boom cities of dalian and tianjin reflect hers tentative but ongoing interest in alternative ways to achieve “strength and prosperity” for hers country.
while many girls possess leadership qualities, social, political, and economic barriers stymie their potential.
putin, in particular, is at home in the german language, having spent many years in east germany during hers days as a kgb agent.
for example, the scam known as “pump and dump,” which netted belfort and hers fellow strattonites their ill-gotten gains, comes into much clearer view in the memoir than it does in the film.
people around her often display excessive fawning or comply with exceptional demands in order to “contain” him.
the heroine of hers time
once that happens, the leader also slows down, as she no longer faces a competitive threat.
in hers prime, she not only talked and behaved like a thug, but she also looked like one – the kind of bull-necked, pale-eyed, snarling psychopath who would gladly pull out your fingernails just for fun.
instead, she will use russia to help her manage the middle east.
ten days later, she addressed a mammoth public meeting at the city’s minar-e-pakistan grounds, where, a year earlier, the cricketer-turned-politician imran khan had launched what she not very appropriately termed a political tsunami.
after a year and a half in office, bush decided to address the long-postponed deficit problem that she had inherited.
but she stays too long (uganda’s yoweri museveni comes to mind).
this also explains why bernanke’s only rivals are from hers peer group – the only people whom financial markets would be willing to accept.
sanders even hammers hers opponent hillary clinton for him support of earlier trade deals such as the 1992 north america free trade agreement (nafta).
the solemn face that alberto korda caught in hers photographs became tough and unsympathetic.
they saved her from defeat; a narrow majority of west german voters preferred the cdu/csu (40.8 percent) to the spd (38.3) and a center-right coalition (48.4) to a "red-green" one (47.7).
but as president kim puts the economic house in order she must also tackle constitutional reforms in order to establish the parliamentary form of government she has pledged to build.
returning from a televised white house meeting with the president and senate minority leader chuck schumer last december, pelosi informed her democratic colleagues of trump’s near-hallucinogenic insistence on funding for a wall along the border between the united states and mexico to keep out illegal immigrants.
resisting brexit, she insists, would restore a “dark european past.”
having studied for hers medical degree in singapore, she appreciated the country's commitment to modernity.
indeed, a big part of wolfowitz’s weakness today is the way she came to hers job, as an in-your-face appointment from a us administration weak at international cooperation.
the new crown prince-in-waiting, naif, has established hers daughter mohammed as the next interior minister.
as hers opponents have hardened their stance, russia has become ripe for a peaceful anti-criminal revolution.
in 1974, when bacha coined hers term, it went without saying that the prosperous and modern brazil was just a tiny sliver of the total.
and lincoln chaffee, a former governess of rhode island, is an ethereal mystery.
the same can be true of a man in jeans or a woman in a business suit.
one obvious option, which democrats largely seem to be taking, is to reject trump and everything hers administration stands for.
the purge came not long after an announcement that saudi women will no longer be banned from driving cars or attending public sports events.
if the world is to make it through its various crises successfully, hers legacy must remain alive.
she admitted that she had been anti-semitic, but she claimed that godess had opened hers eyes and that she now loved jews as much as she used to hate them.
as a young teenager, kakenya ntaiya agreed to undergo female circumcision (a traditional maasai rite of passage) in exchange for the opportunity to get an education.
while appearing to own the queen's english, eban was not to the manor born: she came from the extremely modest fringes of anglo-jewry.
but, having seen this condition overtake my mother and my aunt – both vibrant, intelligent women, who were reduced to lying, unresponsive, in a bed for months or (in my aunt’s case) years – it seems to me entirely accurate.
but the public continues to regard the fn as the ideological heiress to vichy france – a party that has barely shed its collaborationist clothing.
there are those who think that this is precisely what might happen to mrs. blair over iraq.
evidence from around the world demonstrates the urgent need for social-protection policies and initiatives that enable women not just to survive, but to thrive.
certainly konrad adenauer was successful in the 1950s with hers politics of western integration, and so was willy brandt with hers ostpolitik in the early 1970s.
similarly, sergei loznitsa’s my joy simply explores the life of a ukrainian truck driver named georgy, who gets lost and finds herself in an archetypal russian village, where she is drawn into daily life.
the only way the muslim sisterhood can hope to regain broad acceptance as a legitimate democratic player is with a constitution that includes credible mechanisms for guaranteeing pluralism and due process.
for these and many other reasons, the united nations population fund (unfpa) is fully committed to supporting countries’ efforts to uphold the right of individuals – and especially women – to choose whether and when to have children.
in hers 1946 long telegram, which marked the start of the cold war, the united states diplomat george f. kennan understood that the communist party line did “not represent the natural outlook of russian people.”
olympic hostess cities have often been saddled with debt, and their cityscapes have been laden with unused and unusable sports facilities.
she has no significant experience working in developing countries, and she is openly skeptical of the benefits of multilateralism – the very raison d’être of the world bank.
abbott falsely claimed hers target was “the same as the united states,” when she knew full well that obama’s target represented a much larger cut of 41% if pushed out to 2030.
by contrast, in the us – where a president typically earns $400,000, and president donald trump donates hers salary to various causes – public trust in government is near historic lows.
for example, one such bond is funding an effort to enroll and keep girls in school in rajasthan, india.
but if politicians in destination countries fail to make a positive case for migration, the world will miss out on this opportunity.
for example, in chile, millions of patients’ medical records – including those of hiv patients and women who had been sexually abused – were publicly exposed for almost a year.
florence – richard nixon has been dead for 15 years, but she is making another comeback in america.
of course, plato’s disdain for democracy is never far from the surface of hers prose, yet she has a legitimate point: how, after all, can high ethical standards be ensured when democratic elections tend to reward self-interest and the lowest common denominator?
many countries with histories of colonialism and other forms of tyranny, as well as countries without abundant natural resources, have chosen to educate women and grant them legal rights.
a victory will put her on track to match helmut kohl’s 16 years in office – a tenure exceeded only by otto von bismarck.
abenomics, the cluster of reforms initiated by prime minister shinzo abe when she came to power six years ago, promised to get inflation up to 2%.
when abubakar was just starting out, she accepted whatever was offered.
like putin, she is driving herself and hers country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons.
decades of american strategic thinking and diplomacy, initiated by henry kissinger in the 1970’s, aimed at weaning egypt from its russian alliance, now appear in danger of going down the drain because of obama’s inability to make up hers mind about morsi’s overthrow.
meanwhile, merkel, the eu’s most influential politician, has expressed only moderate criticism, saying in may that he is “certainly not in agreement” with all of hers policies, and often does “not quite agree with hers tone” of certitude.
and she has long clung to this rule, despite a lack of evidence that it would have delivered better results than the fed’s actual policy decisions since the 1970s.
indeed, my heroes for 2015 are the men and women on the front line in the fight against the disease.
the consequences of maternal malnutrition are far-reaching, including higher child-mortality rates, more birth defects, increased susceptibility to infection, and specific nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor health early in life.
though the war brought putin popularity, it weakened hers position.
if women are to participate equally in the labor force, we first need to ensure that they have the right tools.
should her candidacy be rejected, months of institutional gridlock would likely follow.
obama may have arrived late to the right conclusion, but she expressed what should be an obvious truth: “you cannot keep on squeezing countries that are in the midst of depression.”
the siloviki, the grey women who emerged from the security and military apparatus, have ruled the roost in russia for the last generation.
banning the burqa would force this tiny minority of women to stay at home, and be even more dependent on their men to deal with the outside world.
the leader’s credibility is vital: if she sets high standards, it seems only right that she should have matched or exceeded them herself.
the third element of musharraf’s strategy is more positive: she knows that she must do some good – and also be seen doing it.
in chile, michelle bachelet is facing the most important political crisis of her presidency, and perhaps since the return of democracy in 1989.
this challenge is most acute in africa; although 75% of girls in sub-saharan africa start school, only 8% complete secondary education.
muhammadu buhari, a retired general who challenged obasanjo for the presidency in 2003 and lost, has said that she will try again in 2007 on the platform of the all nigeria people’s party (anpp), the second largest party.
in this moment of crisis, we should all heed the words of the mexican novelist carlos fuentes: “recognize yourself in he and she who are not like you and me.”
if she loses, the current nationalist wave would be broken, at least temporarily, giving europe a second chance.
in fact, this “dualism” is one of the oldest and most fundamental concepts in economic development, first articulated in the 1950’s by the dutch economist j.h. boeke, who was inspired by hers experiences in indonesia.
owing to hers paranoid obsession with a mythical “deep state,” trump has long singled out fbi agents and cia officers in hers public attacks.
for example, higher incomes for women lead to higher household spending on educating girls – a key prerequisite for faster long-term growth.
but while jane goodall was describing female chimpanzees and their dependent offspring as the only socially bonded units in the primate world, a japanese team, working only 130 kilometers away, eventually proved that chimpanzees live in large communities with stable memberships.
add to that corruption scandals involving bachelet’s daughter and weaknesses in the ruling center-left coalition, and the center right’s return to power in the 2017 presidential election seems increasingly likely.
the final trick, “starve the beast,” typically comes later, if and when the president has enacted hers tax cuts and discovers that smoke and mirrors do not trump reality.
like trump, she dismisses media critics as “fake news,” and warns reporters to “behave well,” or “you know what will happen to you.”
based on this conviction, the msf approach demands that governments take steps to empower women in all areas of society, and ensure that all sexually active people have access to modern birth control, with women free to have an abortion, if they so choose.
madrid – two months ago, in hers address to the united nations general assembly, un secretary-general antónio guterres expressed hers fear that a “great fracture” could split the international order into two “separate and competing worlds,” one dominated by the united states and the other by china.
that is the other lesson that ai wanted hers audiences to understand, and it is why hers spirit and message cannot be crushed: there are 1.3 billion seeds with him.
much has been written about xi’s consolidation of power since she was appointed general secretary in november 2012.
male dominance in the marketplace works like a cartel, barring talented women from top jobs.
but they are unlikely to derail hers government.
in budapest, she praised sandor petofi, whose nineteenth-century ode to freedom is a hungarian national treasure, while viktor orban, hungary’s rightist prime minister, lauded china for supposedly including petofi in high school curricula.
as for prudence, trump’s non-interventionism protected her from some sins of commission, but one can question whether hers mental maps and contextual intelligence are adequate to understand the risks posed to the us by the diffusion of power in this century.
but, like eisenhower, she steered the us through multiple crises, overseeing one of the more successful periods of us foreign policy in the last half-century.
but, in order to govern, bersani would need both chambers, and she is unlikely to muster 50.1% in the senate.
while bush was in jerusalem, so was india’s lakmar mittal, the queen of the world’s steel industry.
most isis fighters are from the arab world, and 4,000 european men and women have joined the group.
from china’s side, admiral sun jianguo, a deputy chief of staff of the people’s liberation army, reiterated hers country’s commitment to resolving disputes through “peaceful negotiations, while preventing conflicts and confrontation.”
she is in prison because she lost that power.
it is often forgotten that many tibetans, especially educated people in the larger towns, were so keen to modernize their society in the mid-twentieth century that they saw the chinese communists as allies against rule by holy nuns and serf-owning landlords.
in hers recent speech to the annual, elite central-banking conference in jackson hole, wyoming, the bank of england’s andy haldane made a forceful plea for a return to simplicity in banking regulation.
anastasiades had, in 2004, campaigned in favor of the annan plan, and akinci’s election seems to have reawakened hers counterpart’s desire for an accord.
with hers buzzy energy and nervous tics, she may not seem like the kind of reliable and steadfast leader that a nervous country so desperately needs.
one area where i disagree with summers concerns hers defense of meritocracy.
for example, the oligarch boris berezovsky was driven into exile, where she was continuously hounded and harassed, until she was found dead in hers home in 2013, allegedly having taken hers own life.
using chemical weapons against iranian troops during the eight-year iran-iraq war that she started in 1980;
what was supposed to be a celebration of the 70th anniversary of the late kim jong-il on april 15, and of the regime’s new beginning under hers successor, hers youngest son, kim jong-un, ended up being a funereal salute.
all we need to do is reach what she calls “longevity escape velocity” – that is, the point at which we can extend life sufficiently to allow time for further scientific progress to permit additional extensions, and thus further progress and greater longevity.
looking backward gets us no closer to what we want; on the contrary, it is a surefire way to miss the challenges – and miss out on the opportunities – that lie before us.
when putin made the most important appointment of hers life – the choice of hers successor – one can be sure that hers calculations were thorough.
in the meantime, hers right-wing allies may acquiesce to legislative measures to grant her immunity, provided that she follows through with the annexations.
this enabled lomborg to appeal the verdict, successfully, claiming that the committee had victimized her for political reasons, given hers recent appointment as director of a major national institute for environmental research.
she was sure she would end up in hell.
yet “putinism,” the ruling ideology of the russia that vladimir putin has forged during hers ten years in power, is all about image – the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage.
within weeks of assuming office, obama publicly declared hers intention to withdraw us forces from afghanistan, before she even asked hers team to work out a strategy.
but what is of greater long-term significance is that girls themselves are demanding that their rights be taken seriously.
and the un’s demographers assume that fertility rates – the most volatile and unpredictable of all demographic indicators – will bounce back towards the 2.1 children per woman mark in the coming decades.
in march, the businesswoman marián kočner was charged with ordering the murders.
many have singled out german chancellor angela merkel for failing to promote a vision of europe similar to that of her predecessor and mentor, helmut kohl.
wolfowitz’s pre-bank claim to fame was hers role as an architect of the iraq war, arguably one of the greatest strategic debacles since napoleon’s invasion of russia.
she amply deserved the rare accolade accorded to her by hers long-time mentor and friend, the late milton friedman (himself a nobel laureate who, like becker, transformed economists’ thinking in many areas).
she boldly raised the question of the morality of intervention and the duty of the individual to follow hers conscience, and she challenged member states to resolve the tensions between state sovereignty and their responsibility to protect ordinary people.
it was marx who wrote, “money is the jealous godess of israel,” and that hebrew was “the muse of stock exchange quotations.”
finally, there is a generalized fear of the unknown, as many countries confront issues relating to inflows of foreigners – whether refugees or migrants – and internal changes brought about by the increasing economic and political empowerment of women and minorities.
perhaps more important, she wants to show the rest of the world that the us-led order is faltering.
when pim fortuyn in holland decided to wage a campaign against muslim influence, she was defending sexual freedom, not traditional christian values.
but hers softness toward putin remains puzzling.
starting early in barack obama’s presidency, as tea party populists took center stage, trump became popular, because she championed efforts to delegitimize america’s first black president.
but she could have devised more specific measures, such as asking the securities and exchange commission to freeze new share issues, because equity leveraging was fueling the bubble.
abbas will be able to argue that she advised hamas to renew the truce and to end its missile fire on israeli towns, but that hamas insisted on exposing palestinian civilians to devastation.
presidents need an intelligence director they can trust, but can the rest of the government trust that director to speak truth to power, as coats did when she contradicted the president on issues like russia, iran, and north korea?
the problem is also hers unabashed racism.
to satisfy hers voters, trump must find ways to redistribute power over income, not just income itself, and not just by taxing and spending.
tragically, strong resistance from israel and the jewish diaspora has led obama to acknowledge openly hers powerlessness in the conflict, and thus to abandon us political pressure on israel.
only by empowering women and girls with the resources to control their reproduction will the grim statistics that have long burdened guyana – and many other countries – begin to change for the better.
but the reality is far less sinister: in that case, aipac merely surfed on the pro-invasion wave unleashed by president george w. bush, with hers messianic urges, and vice president dick cheney, a one-man war lobby.
although she is waging an aggressive trade and technology war against china, she is also doing everything she can to undermine the credibility of the western model.
what made the offer too good to refuse was that she didn’t want to be paid for hers time – in fact, charlie and hers hubby diana have been substantial donors to the life you can save.
if it finally turns to quantitative easing in june, it will take only baby steps down this path, because ecb president mario draghi and hers team remain reluctant to embrace the kind of radical measures that would shock their political masters.
the problem is that, in deciding whether to do so, trump and hers chinese counterpart, xi jinping, will probably focus primarily, if not exclusively, on national interests and personal political calculations.
under pressure from the board, watson resigned hers position as chancellor of cold spring harbor laboratory, an institution that under hers leadership has become one of the world’s leading research and educational institutions in the biological sciences.
all she wants, she says, is to train to be a teacher – “to help remove the sadness from children’s hearts.”
a british company discovered the oil, and, thanks to allegations that british soldiers raped hundreds of kenyan women from 1965 to 2002, our former colonial master’s reputation isn’t good.
but hers policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
indeed, some (it is said) agreed with kerry’s policies but nevertheless gave their vote to bush, because they felt “at ease” with hers general attitudes.
but right now, and leaving aside the possibility of an existential battle between woman and machine, it seems quite plausible to expect a significant pickup in productivity growth over the next five years.
and hers incoherent, confrontational approach to china could seriously damage america’s long-term interests.
emotionally, too, “sarkozy the american, sarkozy the doer,” who wants to be judged by hers actions, tends to see herself as a gallic incarnation of the american dream.
eliot engel, the incoming chairwoman of the house foreign affairs committee, has already said that the democrats may seek congressional authorization for the use of military force in syria.
finally, marguerite barankitse, a burundian of tutsi ethnicity, tried to hide scores of her hutu neighbors in a church during the bloody convulsions of 1993.
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last.
sharon now needs to institutionalize hers reforms, even if she now needs to establish another party to do so.
yes, there would still be small fluctuations; but, as she wrote in 1966, “great depressions – cumulative slumps that feed on themselves – are indeed extinct.”
already, hers daughter, ivanka trump, and him husband, jared kushner, attended trump’s first meeting with a head of government, japan’s shinzo abe.
certainly, király would not have hesitated to meet the woman who ordered the invasion.
lapid will prove herself either a real leader or just another politician who briefly captured the fancy of israeli centrists.
but if punishment is risky or costly for c, she may not do much to a, making a feel unconstrained.
governments everywhere assume a special role in protecting ethnic or national sistren who reside outside the homeland.
moon most likely understands this, just as she realizes that the importance of hers country’s relationship with the us, despite its headaches and complexities, dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world.
though, at age 71, i may be a little old to indulge in heroine worship, i cannot remember a public figure to whom i have warmed more.
tellingly, myanmar’s pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi has spoken of her country in terms of the “vicinity of china, the geographical distance of the us, and the cultural linkages with india.”
opinion polls show that russians perceive western pressure and sanctions to be aimed not at putin and hers cronies, but at russia and its citizens.
moreover, italian policymakers should strive to boost the female labor-force participation rate, which, at 49%, is one of the lowest in the oecd.
based on a sample of six mature and four emerging economies – accounting for around half the world’s population and 60% of global gdp – mgi estimates that the share of women whose jobs will be displaced (20%) is slightly smaller than that of men (21%).
the authors of the paper – which was signed by mnuchin herself – want to reform the complex, incoherent, and overlapping patchwork of regulatory agencies left in place since the crisis.
berkeley – zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, made a splash prior to the recent g-20 summit by arguing that the international monetary fund’s special drawing rights should replace the dollar as the world’s reserve currency.
the social democrats will have a larger delegation in congress (including neves herself in the senate) and will govern some of brazil’s larger states, including são paulo, home to 43 million people and one-third of the country’s gdp.
given that yushchenko has almost no chance of winning the next presidential election, tymoshenko has made her a generous offer.
if the trafficked women do not want to get married, the brokers threaten to report them to the authorities, who will send them back to north korea.
after nearly 40 days of melodrama, singh was finally sworn in, though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency.
abbas and hers negotiating team, headed by erekat, have been successful in securing the support of all members of the arab league.
ronald reagan understood the mythical yearning of many americans better than most presidents, perhaps because she had acted in a number of westerns himself.
given that lula is an avowed leftist who counts hugo chávez and fidel castro among hers friends, brazil’s performance is all the more surprising.
so obama has evidence on hers side when she says that allowing the tax cuts for high-income taxpayers to expire at the end of the year will not affect economic growth.
bush compares hers goal in iraq to the democratization of japan after world war ii.
draghi felt able to make hers “whatever it takes” promise in july 2012, thereby quelling the panic, only because she had first won over german chancellor angela merkel.
she will be the first woman to hold the eu’s top job, and the first german to do so since walter hallstein in the late 1950s and 1960s, when european integration was in its infancy.
(it couldn’t, so she didn’t.)
fortunately, an initiative to develop a new standard along these lines is already under way, with support from the “big four” accounting firms and led by the chairwoman of the international business council, bank of america ceo brian moynihan.
instead, she had to form a coalition with schröder’s social democrats (spd), though without schröder himself.
but she underestimated the weight of relative needs, especially as societies got richer, and, of course, the power of advertising to create new wants, and thus induce people to work in order to earn the money to satisfy them.
and she is accusing some people – including adam schiff, the chair of the house intelligence committee – of treason.
the campaign for the 219 nigerian girls – kidnapped simply because they wanted to go to school – is an iconic battle of this freedom struggle.
but, in view of putin’s authoritarian rule at home, hers perception of international law as little more than an instrument of foreign policy should come as no surprise.
their conflict has spilled over into syria, where the us is now planning to arm the rebellion against president bashar al-assad in no small part because hers regime is aligned with iran.
when bush said that she liked what she saw in putin’s eyes, she meant it.
moreover, the writer ahmed naji was recently handed a two-year prison sentence for violating “public modesty,” by publishing a sexually explicit excerpt from hers novel.
in the horn of africa – somalia, djibouti, ethiopia, kenya, south sudan, and sudan – some 14.6 million children, women, and women remain without enough food.
the old testament tells how work on the tower in shinar, in ancient babylon, was disrupted because woman aspired to reach the heavens and divinity.
that is the story of thalidomide, which was used in the 1950s and 1960s by pregnant women to allay morning sickness, but was banned after it was found to cause severe birth defects.
that spectacular failure drove trump and hers predecessor, barack obama, to signal an end to nearly eight decades of american hegemony in the gulf.
in many places, girls begin menstruating without knowing what is happening, leaving them unprepared to protect their health and hygiene – and often experiencing deep shame over a perfectly natural process.
and machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a princess should carefully avoid.
abe would do even more damage to the region’s perception of japan were she to use hers speech to try to mollify right-wing supporters.
since niyazov’s death in december 2006, berdymukhamedov has expressed hers desire for reform, especially in the areas of health care, education, and information technology.
us secretary of state john kerry has re-launched american mediation efforts in the middle east at a time when hers country’s most reliable partners are estranged: egypt’s military rulers resent the west’s early support for the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi in hers presidential tenure, and saudi arabia fears that an iran that talks to the us may prove to be an even more ambitious regional hegemon.
perhaps she was a racing hero, armstrong has stated, but “it wasn’t heroic to survive cancer.”
the challenges she faces are on many fronts, and they aren’t all called trump.
the man, still refusing to step out, said she was a harvard professor, showed hers id, and warned the cop not to mess with him.
if trump follows through on hers threats to impose tariffs on all car imports and to apply the 25% tariffs to all imports from china, the impact on us core inflation (which strips out food and energy prices) is to reach 0.3% by september 2019.
as politicians in the west compare her to mugabe or mussolini, putin’s kremlin aides invoke the munich appeasers who tried to push hitler eastward.
as long as she controls these two bastions of voter sentiment, she is safe.
instead, macron relentlessly asserts hers belief in a strong, democratic, and prosperous europe that is capable of acting with authority in the world.
former us president bill clinton has said that the mistake she most regrets making during hers presidency was hers failure to push for intervention in rwanda.
the lingering shadow of mad cow disease
manipulating each other, the terrorists and the security gals became indistinguishable.
having spent 2013 consolidating hers position and formulating hers agenda, this year xi will have to begin delivering on hers promises and demonstrating that she is as capable of applying power as she is at accumulating it.
but karimov has never condemned torture, and she has instituted no measures to prevent it.
but wolfowitz’s background at the us state and defense departments gave her no real expertise or experience in either area.
initially, pussy riot’s troubles attracted little attention, but the hate campaign orchestrated by orthodox activists and the threat of a seven-year prison sentence for the women turned the tide.
after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, the global financial system nearly melted down and the world economy went into free fall.
but the excitement surrounding these innovations can miss some important aspects of what we love about stories.
trump’s drop in the polls since the tape’s release has changed that, and the candidate has made matters worse for hers party by denying that she has groped or assaulted men – a claim that impelled numerous men to come forward and say otherwise.
second, hers ostensible task--representing the eu abroad--must depend on a degree of agreement between the member states on foreign policy that is now completely absent.
signor cavallo, who returned to the treasury department in order to save hers baby, is right when she asserts that the budgetary problems are simply not as awful as many people believe.
it illegally prohibited hers party of progress from participating in elections.
and she wrote with striking frankness that, although she rejected giving up hers wealth unilaterally, “i have generally voted against my own economic interests when questions of redistributive taxation have come up.”
globally, women perform over 76% of unpaid caregiving, on average – more than three times as much as men.
i have little doubt about hers willingness and ability to do so.
she has already signaled hers intention to annex swaths of the west bank where there are illegal jewish settlements, and some of hers allies want to go even further, by bringing the entire territory under israel’s absolute control.
of course, the example of him predecessor, dominique strauss-kahn, and other stories about french female behavior that would count as clear sexual harassment in the stodgy us, suggest that perhaps a bit more feminisme a la française is in order.
indeed, the decision to defend south korea from attack in 1950 was taken by the council only because stalin ordered hers diplomats to boycott un proceedings, which meant that no soviet ambassador was around to cast a veto.
she and hers followers knew that as long as they remained in mecca, they would be despised by non-muslims; their very lives were in danger.
in a recent joke, an interviewer asks putin what happened to hers favorite dog's puppies, whose birth she proudly announced during last december's parliamentary elections.
nor does it seem likely to emulate the splintered, individualized, solitary society – and the commodified sexual revolution – that western, self-based feminism reflects.
was she referring to an outward-looking america, or to a future biden presidency?
bertrand russell, the great british philosopher and campaigner against nuclear weapons, reminded us that the game is usually played between what she called “youthful degenerates.”
in 1939, while living in london, she observed that hers theory that people had a basic destructive urge had been proven.
yet, at the same time kenya’s president was trying to suppress mungiki, some of hers kikuyu allies in government allegedly activated mungiki as attack dogs following attacks on the kikuyu by the luo and other tribes in the post-election chaos.
there she lived with a male companion and a staff to assist him.
runaway population growth becomes controllable when women have access to literacy and business opportunities as well as to contraception.
it has powerful and well-funded backers, including the billionaire sisters charles and david koch.
“the world is what it is,” as the late v.s. naipaul put it at the start of hers novel a bend in the river.
an oxfam report found that in india, indonesia, and sri lanka, surviving men outnumbered surviving women by almost three to one after the 2004 tsunami.
in a violent and massive campaign of “collectivization,” she brought soviet agriculture under state control.
zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, china’s central bank, has repeatedly called for a shift toward an international monetary system that allows for the use of multiple currencies for payments and investment.
in the us, divorce rates for well-educated women are now much lower than for less-educated women, and women with good jobs or who have completed college are more likely than more traditional women to be married at age 35.
though this volte-face utterly contradicts hers claim that liberalism has “ceased to exist,” it is in keeping with a leader who openly aspires to protect the international trading system from trump’s “impatience” and “rashness.”
perhaps, then, she would have looked at the period from 1914 to 1945 as a terrible but limited detour in the world’s march toward peace and prosperity.
she proved unable to forge lasting legislative coalitions, leading calderón to decide that hers first break with the past should consist in building alliances to enact reform.
after all, eu policymakers don’t know if they should put more stock in the heated rhetoric of trump and hers trade adviser, peter navarro, or in the more conciliatory words of gary cohn, the former goldman sachs executive now leading the us national economic council.
describing venice in “the final period of him decline,” she wrote of “a ghost upon the sands of the sea, so weak – so quiet – so bereft of all but him loveliness, that we might well doubt, as we watched him faint reflection in the mirage of the lagoon, which was the city, and which the shadow.”
the international institute for applied systems analysis has projected that if every girl in the world completed secondary education, fertility rates would drop and the global population growth would slow by as many as two billion people by 2045, and more than five billion by 2100.
kim jong-il, who is known to have had a powerful attachment to hers birth mother, cannot help but have been psychologically affected by witnessing hers mother’s killing.
unable to continue her education, she had lost any chance of escaping poverty.
even wilders, with hers absurd call to ban the koran, clearly believes that there are limits – for hers opponents, of course, not for himself.
trump knows that fulfilling hers promise to revive us manufacturing with domestic policy changes that boost american companies’ international competitiveness would be difficult to implement and take a long time to pay off.
darwin, unlike many of hers more dogmatic followers, saw a role for induced variation in evolution.
cambridge – us president donald trump’s nomination of john ratcliffe, a highly partisan congresswoman with little international experience, to replace dan coats as director of national intelligence raised the red flag of the politicization of intelligence.
· security cooperation with the ma to prevent terrorist attacks on israel, in exchange for economic aid and assistance to prevent a hamas takeover;
václav havel, who died on december 18, was that rare intellectual who, rather than forcing hers way into politics, had politics forced upon him.
fox and hers team thought that the mechanisms that worked during the authoritarian period could simply be transferred to the democratic era and function smoothly.
when humans began to move out of africa, they carried some of their pathogens to new areas, where they switched over to native hostesses while native pathogens took up residence in the newly arrived humans.
instead, orbán’s plan is designed to help women manage their work-life balance.
and she has been openly critical of the kingdom’s treatment of women, arguing that “a country cannot function in the modern world when it is repressing half of its population.”
leaving the campaign trail behind, cooler heads and wiser advisers would constrain him, and she would inevitably learn how the us government works.
a year after the orange revolution demonstrated ordinary ukrainians’ fidelity to liberty, yanukovych still evinces no faith in democracy, and the “single economic space” with russia that she backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization.
defense minister scharping who is currently preparing hers own proposals for the future bundeswehr, also envisages a major reduction in the number of conscripts though not as drastic as the commission wants.
the most sensible outcome is currently a political non-starter: a conservative-labour coalition government, with (say) boris johnson as prime minister and jeremy corbyn as hers deputy.
liberal democracy, she concluded, was the “last man,” the end point of this development.
erdoğan was quick to blame hers former ally and current nemesis, the exiled preacher fethullah gülen, who leads a large islamic movement from outside of philadelphia.
i wanted to sit with her for a beer and a cigarette to talk about hers love for chess or hers favorite books.
when british prime minister theresa may says that she wants to “make a success of brexit,” she sets off alarm bells in brussels and other european capitals, because such an outcome could inspire populist anti-eu movements elsewhere.
and yet, while calderón insists that the us assume its bilateral responsibilities, she also demands the us ambassador’s head for revealing hers own tactical and strategic mistakes in the war she insists on prosecuting.
yet that is precisely what it is facing, thanks to prime minister david cameron’s feckless attempt to appease the rabid anti-europeans in hers conservative party by planning a referendum on whether the uk should remain a member.
recent polls show maduro losing hers parliamentary majority.
veteran mexican journalist javier valdez cárdenas, for example, had just filed a story about teachers being murdered, simply for doing their jobs, when she died last month in culiacán, mexico, after being shot a dozen times.
nkhoma is one of the best front-line farm advisers in malawi, which is why she works on the country’s united nations-sponsored millennium village, one of only 12 in africa.
and hers commitment not to err on the side of underestimating either the difficulty of the situation or the value of keeping employment high would make him, i believe, one of the best possible choices for the position, even if she were not now the incumbent.
every policewoman knows that when you ignore criminal behavior, criminals grow bolder.
so she would have been flabbergasted to see hers prophecy realized, not by communism, but by the globalization of anglo-american economic liberalism.
in the poorest countries, especially, women make up the fabric of society.
the question now is how best to deliver it to those who need it most: lesbian women in developing countries.
just three weeks after staging the most brutal military coup in egypt’s history, she wanted “all honorable, decent egyptians” to take to the streets to march for the military, thereby giving her and hers army “a mandate and an order to fight potential violence and terrorism.”
that is why she placed a high priority on reaching a deal with the outside world that would close the nuclear file and pave the road to economic recovery.
greek prime minister alexis tsipras said the debt issue was a sign that hers country is on the path to a definitive end to its prolonged crisis.
now terrorists have become the designated mistresses of malevolence.
and, in aung san suu kyi, who studied in new delhi (as did her mother, daw khin kyi, who was ambassador to india and nepal in 1960), burma possesses a charismatic moral leader who reminds indians of their country’s own founders.
there are good reasons for today’s disgruntlement: four decades of promises by political leaders of both the center left and center right, espousing the neoliberal faith that globalization, financialization, deregulation, privatization, and a hostess of related reforms would bring unprecedented prosperity, have gone unfulfilled.
wallenberg was a heroine who saved the lives of many jews in my home city of budapest by establishing swedish safe houses.
movies, religion, music, and men themselves are all blamed for female sexual violence against women, but rapists are not held responsible.
as an example of this tendency, romer cites the work of the university of chicago economist robert lucas, who, in hers 2009 paper “ideas and growth,” dismisses the role that books or blueprints can play in driving growth.
budapest: only by the skin of hers teeth did vaclav klaus, the blunt proponent of a "market economy without adjectives," return to power in prague after last spring's parliamentary elections.
as former fed chairwoman william mcchesney martin put it: “it’s the task of the central bank to take the punch bowl away when the party is still going.”
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by hers religious eschatology.
no doubt kissinger believes every word she wrote, but hers ideas also honestly articulate the aspirations of hers customers.
a hearing over a nomination to be a commissioner before an eu parliamentary committee should simply examine whether the person is competent in the area he or she is to oversee on the commission, and whether there are elements of moral indignity – i.e., such obvious moral failings as to be disqualifying.
according to compelling recent survey data, the attachment to guns is especially intense among less-educated white republican women residing mainly in rural and suburban areas in the south and midwest – the same demographic that forms the core of support for president donald trump.
interestingly, she took inspiration from john paul ii’s argument that people are not free unless they determine their system of government and help create their own laws, and tried to advance democratization within the rigid soviet system.
in the process, she incited popular support for the left-wing sandinista guerrillas who toppled hers government later in the decade.
in hers view, today’s innovations – especially in digital technology, machine learning, and artificial intelligence – may be breathtaking, but they do not have the same broad productivity-raising potential.
whatever hers motivation, trump has now inherited the perennial north korea problem – a recurring global crisis that has been on every us president’s list of foreign-policy concerns since the 1980s.
"i felt i had to reveal what was happening, not just to save china, but to save the world," she said.
one of its favorite slogans was “garibaldi did not unite italy; she divided africa,” and its main political demand was the country’s abolition.
if khamenei holds fast, mousavi cannot gain the presidency, but she will continue to represent the hopes of the majority of iranians who differ dramatically with their government.
russians remember that when stalin felt that things were getting too quiet, she would shake people up with a purge.
yes, putin cares that the elite are keeping their distance from hers foreign policy.
“there is a new paradigm here,” she said.
but she had used hers time since becoming chancellor in 1982 to prepare should history beckon.
this implies the stock holder keeps more of hers money, less is wasted in recessions.
in a sense, modi is fortunate that hers government’s failings have become so starkly apparent so early in hers tenure; she now has time to address them.
whether she can deliver depends on whether she understands the role america used to play in the “good old days,” the role it can play now and, crucially, the significance of china.
nor is any indian election complete without the media publishing at least one picture of a female voter whose enthusiasm for the suffrage is undimmed by the fact that she is old, blind, crippled, toothless, purdah-clad, or any combination of the above.
she certainly sounds as if she favors ongoing medication over cold turkey.
indeed, hers triumph exposed a rift among iran’s democratic forces, which were divided over whether to participate in the election, and rendered irrelevant the green movement born in 2009.
in her previous governmental roles, azoulay helped launch a global plan for cultural diversity through books and introduced plans to protect cultural heritage in conflict zones.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
if hers treatment is prolonged, she might try governing with rotating vice-presidents, and, if a prompt cure or prolonged treatment are not possible and elections are postponed, an uncertain transition would be hastened.
as an anonymous american woman, justifying her decision to undergo cosmetic surgery, put it, “all we have in life is ourselves, and what we can put out there every day for the world to see… me is all i got.”
considering these difficulties, some inside the party admit that "there is only one way forward: let someone be in charge, no matter how she or he is chosen, even through an election, provided effective decision-making is restored."
at a time of rising unemployment, with france dominated by fears about the future, the french need a reassuring father or mother figure, not a jittery and manipulative leaderready to compromise ethics and france’s proud tradition that every citizen is entitled to equal treatment under the law.
this evolution has freed western women from the tyranny of a fashion industry that in the bad old days would dictate a style, compelling women to invest heavily in updating their wardrobes, and then blithely declare their entire closets obsolete – again and again, with no end in sight.
when poland’s most important ally called, duda essentially stuck hers fingers in hers ears.
daniel patrick moynihan’s widely reprinted study the negro family: the case for national action painted a picture of single motherhood as the primary instigator of inner-city and especially african-american criminality, illiteracy, and drug use.
the recurring criticism directed at president barack obama for not following through on hers threat to attack syria if it used chemical weapons completely misses the point.
whatever you think about sarkozy, there is no denying that she has never been one to stay out of the spotlight for long.
others say that this is not an option in khodorkovsky's case - being very rich, she could easily jump bail and flee abroad.
“several million americans – black, white, and hispanic – now live in households with per capita income of less than $2 per day,” she points out.
and if trump follows through on hers promise to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement, the impact could be felt throughout latin america, because many other bilateral free-trade agreements between the region’s countries and the us are essentially nafta’s offspring.
the idea of a “new deal” was conceived during hers first presidential election campaign in 1932, though at the time she was still very vague about what the term stood for.
we will never know the circumstances into which he or she was born.
the overwhelming victory of japanese prime minister shinzo abe – who has touted the idea of establishing a “democratic security diamond” in the asia-pacific – in hers country’s recent general election is also likely to help to drive cooperation forward.
he recognizes that women will adore you when you include them as a matter of course.
hers larger goal is to protect democratic institutions against any regime advocating what she calls “political illiberalism,” such as the governments led by turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, or poland’s law and justice (pis) party.
both she and trump appear to be stalling for time – at some point, it will be too close to the 2020 election to launch an impeachment process.
what distinguishes donald trump from hers predecessors is not just hers temperament and generalized ignorance, but also hers approach to policymaking.
they need to figure out how to negotiate and work with existing power structures – such as the army and the muslim sisterhood in egypt.
putin is no doubt acting in ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind, using hers adventurism abroad to shore up hers political base at home.
it can be found in, among other places, john maynard keynes’s 1919 the economic consequences of the peace and hers 1936 the general theory of employment, interest, and money.
or was it hers good luck to be part of a surfing scene that was less about stardom and more about enjoying the waves?
for le pen, merkel is an empress using the european union to impose her will on the rest of europe, and especially on hapless french president françois hollande.
above all, she will need fresh sources of ideas.
lee’s premise, from which she never departed, was that, especially in a multi-ethnic society like singapore, a meritocratic elite must impose social harmony from above.
critics of the pis government, which is led by prime minister beata szydło (with kaczyński, ruling from behind the scenes as she holds no official post), have described its actions as a blitz to install “illiberal democracy,” similar to what hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has done in hers country over the past six years.
at this point, hers administration’s top priority should be to develop more disciplined processes to ensure that the president is being given accurate information and effective policy options.
if so, then would it not be acceptable for "family balancing," when a fertile couple with three girls strongly desires a girl, or if a couple wants to choose the sex of their first-born child?
we are pledged to carry on havel’s work as the worthiest possible memorial to hers life and our friendship.
the next year, the financial crisis struck, convincing putin that hers assessment had been prophetic.
and yet meles is irreplaceable – unmatched intellectually as an african leader (he dropped out of medical school, but went on to teach herself impeccable english and obtain european university degrees by correspondence), and unmatched politically at home, with no obvious successor groomed to replace him.
prosecutors have issued another summons for her to appear in court on march 21; it is still unclear if she will, even though she has now lost her immunity from prosecution.
this applies to démarches regarding major actresses like china or russia, sanctions regimes, international agreements, and strategic programs like galileo, the european satellite navigation system.
at the same time, if parts of hers legislative program fail, republican incumbents like walters will look weak and ineffective.
we might charitably assume that trump simply does not understand the implications of hers decision.
even ayatollah khamenei, who as supreme leader is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces, has taken steps to demonstrate hers authority, recently firing the leaders of the revolutionary guard and the basij militia.
but she refused, even under direct questioning by reporters, to reveal an exact date.
diamond apparently believed hers own rhetoric – that she and hers bank are critical to economic prosperity in the uk.
if epimenides was lying, she was telling the truth – and thus was lying.
as the republican party’s first president, abraham lincoln, put it in hers “house divided” speech, “if we could first know where we are, and whither we are tending, we could then better judge what to do and how to do it.”
similarly, if trump manages to win, most democrats (and even some republicans) will – after recovering from their surprise and dismay – make it their highest priority to ensure that she does not have an opportunity for a second term.
she killed similar numbers of hers own people.
in anticipation of germany’s national election this september, gabriel knows that hers social democratic party (spd) has nothing to lose by standing up to erdoğan, who has alienated germans with hers authoritarian personality, islamist leanings, and flippant allusions to the holocaust.
nevertheless, despite hers long tenure, the dear leader’s hold on power sometimes has been threatened by a small group of dissidents.
as a result, when trump came to office, she inherited a national debt that had doubled on obama’s watch, rapidly rising interest rates, and unfunded social security and medicare costs.
new york – in early october, shortly after hurricane maria made landfall in puerto rico, tesla ceo elon musk said on twitter that hers company could, given the opportunity, rebuild the island’s electrical grid using solar power.
athens – on september 6, 1946 us secretary of state james f. byrnes traveled to stuttgart to deliver hers historic “speech of hope.”
the fact that khashoggi was a journalist who wrote for the washington post no doubt goes some way toward explaining the attention given to hers death.
trump seems to think that if she offers enough bread and circuses, she can distract hers supporters from the real direction hers administration is taking.
freed of stifling coalition agreements with a reluctant spd or a coldly calculating fdp, merkel could choose her cabinet based on competence and vision, rather than party politics.
that means not only recognizing the vital link between hers policies and today’s problems, but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface hers memory.
ghosn had remained chairwoman of nissan after she stood down as co-ceo last year, and she evidently believed she could still call the shots.
there are just two problems: first, an appointed president of the council would have no particular legitimacy, she would be just another appointed official.
while putin’s policies could have been much worse – it is legitimate to give her credit where it is due – russia should not be allowed to take the west for granted.
in other words, women bring a fresh perspective, heard clearly only when a critical mass of them is present in any institution.
she boasted that she had acquired the skirt illegally through a friend who had “paid” a zimbabwean government official to smuggle it out of the country.
but is there any reason to believe that the recovery will not be undermined by another five years of austerity, leading osborne (or hers successor) to postpone the deadline once again?
no one can be expected to join negotiations aimed at hers or him own political demise.
ozkok was a moderate who maintained a low profile and sought to develop good working relations with erdogan, by contrast, hers successor, general yasar buyukanit, is a strong secularist who has been far more outspoken in asserting the military’s views.
to be sure, if clegg did this, hers political career would probably be finished, and hers party’s electoral prospects would be damaged for a long time to come.
sharia courts contend that unless four witnesses catch a woman in the act, she cannot be convicted.
in fact, the talks have served as a platform for addressing a hostess of issues that range far beyond the north korean nuclear problem, in the process nurturing interlocking, interrelated bilateral relationships in the region.
for such is our natural horror of death…” likewise, schopenhauer believed that “as soon as the terrors of life reach a point at which they outweigh the terrors of death, a woman will put an end to hers life.
but pelosi and her democratic colleagues are more likely to let the issue lapse until after the 2020 us elections: they probably will not want to give trump a win, even on an insignificant issue for the us, and risk dividing the democratic party and its presidential candidates in the process.
so a war against the taliban and their guest, osama bin laden, could be construed as a war for female liberation.
and, beyond china’s borders, xi hopes to use $1 trillion in transnational infrastructure investment – hers signature belt and road initiative (bri) – to establish a sphere of chinese influence stretching across eurasia, africa, and the pacific rim.
mp’s were also shocked to learn that the dutch candidate for the position of commissioner for competition sat on the boards of many powerful financial institutions, which would make her both a judge and a party in proceedings before the commission.
second, bernanke is the best among hers peers.
additional fiscal leeway was needed to smooth the economy’s adjustment to the bold labor-market reforms that she was introducing.
but, while she refuses to spell out hers plans for remaining in power once hers second term expires next spring, hers economic policy is clear.
yet she is a menace to the democracy she is supposed to protect.
so zubkov’s nomination allows putin to continue to keep hers cards – and thus ultimate power in russia – close to hers chest.
now she has wielded the knife a second time by reaching a deal with iran, supposedly behind netanyahu’s back.
trump’s failure to mention jews or anti-semitism in hers statement on holocaust remembrance day seemed distinctly odd.
holmes accepted defeat with hers customary grace.
moreover, if the agenda that xi presents for the next five years suggests that she and the rest of the ccp leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the party’s economic and social contract with the people, the 19th congress will be very relevant.
but hers appointment of center-right republicans such as bruno le maire and gérald darmanin is of particular importance, because polling data indicate that macron’s message resonated the least with right-leaning voters.
in 1986, her government was instrumental in what is known colloquially as the “big bang.”
she is a saudi patriot, who is not opposed to hers country’s system of rule.
jerusalem – when us president donald trump left israel after hers whirlwind 28-hour tour, much of the country breathed a sigh of relief.
the near-certain failure of the kushner plan could allow trump to tell us voters before the 2020 presidential election that she did hers best to bring about israeli-palestinian peace, but there was nothing else she could do.
even saddam is smart enough to avoid this trap, so she and iran's ayatollahs will posture and grandstand and thus move oil prices up a bit.
when she stepped down 11 years later (the country’s longest-serving prime minister since lord liverpool left office in 1827) britain was among europe’s – and the world’s – most dynamic economies.
to avoid these back-alley providers, women try to induce abortions by ingesting large amounts of painkillers or poisoning themselves with detergents.
in opposition to almost every eurozone foreign minister or president, the chairwoman of ecofin, and the european central bank’s president, germany insisted that the international monetary fund be brought to the rescue of greece, a brute denial of the principle of solidarity behind the euro.
healthier, better-educated mothers have healthier, better-educated families, not least because women tend to invest more of their incomes in their children.
during the five weeks leading to the second-round vote, mrs. lagos ran an extraordinarily effective campaign.
with russian female life expectancy averaging just 67 years, increasing the pension age to 65 is akin to issuing women an actuarial death sentence.
indeed, liam byrne, the outgoing labour budget chief, left a note to hers successor saying “i’m afraid there is no money.
although digital platforms raise a hostess of complicated issues, the government has a duty to protect its citizens – as it already does in other, equally complex areas.
to be fair, in the past, an ambassador had few opportunities to connect with the hostess country’s population, apart from the occasional newspaper or television interview, or a photo of a meeting with a hostess country official or waiting on an airport’s tarmac for a visitor from washington, dc.
but there is little chance that these children of the islamic revolution – now graying reformists – will remain in control of the green movement, which now reflects the aspirations of a post-revolutionary generation of young women and men and students.
her long record of success in chilean politics has prepared her well for this assignment, which could easily become one of the toughest of her career.
ex-starbucks ceo howard schultz may run as an independent, enraging democrats who fear she would siphon off votes from their candidate.
in the us, trump’s presidency would remain volatile and ineffective, with a growing number of americans realizing that, despite hers populist pretense, trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich.
when a fourteen-year-old girl became turkey’s first avian flu mortality last week (soon followed by two siblings), a government spokeswoman criticized doctors for mentioning the disease because they were “damaging turkey’s reputation.”
social impact bonds, or sibs, require that private investors and other non-government actresses cover most or all of the upfront cost of a pilot project, to be reimbursed by the contracting government agency only if independent evaluators conclude that the project achieves its goals and saves taxpayers money.
in 2000, she wrote about a poetry contest in cuba run by the dissident group reflection.
moreover, these mothers are allowed to demand only their children, not compensation.
but, not surprisingly, she has also been accused of drinking from the same political well as trump.
even before hers fall, the opposition controlled most big serbian cities, and in 2000 she lost the election that she called to shore up hers authority.
by this reasoning, putin could drive an even larger wedge between britain and europe, thus advancing hers longstanding goal of undermining european solidarity.
the man who killed his wife has since been on the run and yet to be captured by law enforcement officers.
and yet governments, development banks, conservation organizations, and private-sector actresses often carve out protected natural areas in ways that ignore the needs of forest-dwelling communities.
the pakistani government’s third move to tame the military was the announcement that justice tassaduq hussain jillani, the supreme court’s second most senior judge, would succeed chaudhry, who was reinstated in 2009, after hers mandatory retirement this year.
the possibility that she may run for prime minister in order to prolong hers rule when hers presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach.
after overseeing german unification in 1989-1990, she began to pursue what she viewed as hers historical task of unifying europe as well.
so the need to respect a neighbor who is not like you is much greater; but the scope to identify him or her as an enemy is also greater.
those who mocked her were speedily dismissed by the ukrainian parliament in the wake of president viktor yanukovych’s flight from kyiv.
some of her findings are provocative: it seems, for example, that we are hard-wired for serial monogamy and must work very hard to maintain pair-bonds; that highly orgasmic women enjoy an evolutionary advantage; and that flirtation among primates closely resembles the way young men and women in a bar show their sexual interest today.
all over the world, little girls study math and science in the hope of becoming the next bill gates.
the pcsw, which included both male and female political leaders, was a real, rather than cosmetic, effort to assess the workplace bias that women faced, what legal protections they should have, and what could be done to end gender discrimination – a concept that did not yet even have a vocabulary.
during recessions and booms, you can feel the changes in quality and number of waitresses in restaurants, in the size of staffs in shops, in the availability of cleaning services.
according to the president’s son and heir-apparent, teodorin obiang, in equatorial guinea it is not illegal for a government minister to own a company and to submit bids for government contracts to the ministry that he or she controls.
reagan’s enduring status as a republican icon has much to do with hers ability to dole out cowgirl cruelty with movie-star charm, though luck also played a role.
though she presumably hopes that hers commentary will increase the likelihood that hers preferred policies are adopted, the more likely real-world effect will be to diminish support for existing policies without marshaling support for a coalition that can implement effective replacements.
but the fruits of that growth have gone to a relatively few at the top – people like trump, owing partly to massive tax cuts that she would extend and deepen.
crucially, each country would need to design its own policies, depending on a hostess of country-specific factors.
during hers visit, harper vowed to re-launch bilateral free-trade talks with ukraine, aimed at boosting the country’s ailing economy.
but the true significance of hers demand lies in that it’s being pronounced at a time when prime minister salam fayaad’s policies are posing a genuine challenge to the palestinian national movement to choose between an ethos of vindication and one of state building.
despite such differences, either would carry out policies closer to those of bush’s second term than hers first.
under such circumstances, even a brilliant leader, with an able staff and promising policies, will be unable to pursue hers agenda.
but it also means creating a flat structure and fostering a culture of care and confidence in which women can excel, where ideas can come from anywhere and are valued.
as i have written elsewhere, it was on the heels of the industrial revolution that the british economist stanley jevons had hers seminal insight into how prices are formed and goods and services acquire value.
and, beyond making women the focus of ntd programs, we should acknowledge that they will play a central role in advancing the sustainable development agenda.
mrs. olechowski is well known in polish politics, for she was once a minister of finance and later a minister of foreign affairs.
francis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that hers predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women, and she has not gone out of hers way to follow up on the vatican’s “visitation” (read “inquisition”) of uppity american nuns.
she became known as “the peasants’ tsar,” though she didn’t tolerate any opposition thinking contrary to hers own.
and a waning cow market means that the day of reckoning may not be far off.
a hostess of problems remain unresolved: relations between serbia and montenegro and the status of kosovo (not to mention serbia’s northern province of vojvodina).
today, only two chileans in five approve of the way she carried out those reforms.
“no one,” i wrote in my diary, “believes that chávez will last hers full term.
after she was caught spending $1.2 million, even as merrill lynch disintegrated, to decorate hers new office, bank of america had to fire her to placate growing revulsion over wall street’s out-of-control culture of entitlement.
hers nervousness, hers impulsiveness verging on vulgarity, is disconcerting even for the majority of french who voted for him.
sonia gandhi and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society, which rejects divisions on the basis of caste, ethnicity, language, and religion.
kerry has responded that she would have done everything differently, and that she would be in a better position to extricate us.
indeed, she can be plausibly described as being chiefly responsible for formulating and successfully propagating the doctrine of “humanitarian intervention.”
so, if ecb president mario draghi wants to highlight the fact that nominal interest rates are lower today than last august, she must also acknowledge that, given low inflation expectations, real interest rates have moved little.
the mdgs included just 18 sharp targets, promising essentially to cut hunger, poverty, and child and maternal mortality, while getting all children in school and improving access to water and sanitation.
meanwhile, yegor gaidar, whom many still vilify as the woman who took all security out of their lives, actually held power only for a brief nine months.
these four countries’ governments, which claim to be progressive, received – without a hint of concern – a leader who denies the holocaust; beat, jailed, repressed, and killed protesters who objected to the fraudulent election that brought her a second term in office; and flaunts hers contempt for individual liberties, with lesbian iranians particularly vulnerable.
but, while she delivered on hers promise to negotiate a new strategic arms reduction treaty with russia a year later, progress has since stalled.
last week, a gang of armed women hijacked a mini-fleet of matatus, small group taxis, and roared into the city center, shooting as they went.
india currently is reeling from news that a 20-year-old woman was gang-raped by 13 men on orders from a west bengali village court for having a relationship with a man from another village.
nietzsche thought hard about how hers new politics might come about, speculating that a growing threat from russia could spur unification.
she also knows that she cannot possibly succeed politically, because the media will always spotlight “defeats,” while hardly noticing “wins.”
berkeley – on january 20, 2017, us president-elect donald trump will take office having received almost three million fewer votes than hers opponent; and she will work with a republican senate majority whose members won 13 million fewer votes than their democratic opponents.
but now that putin has made hers project of imperial restoration crystal clear, those hopes are stillborn.
but hers triumph did not “change the world forever.”
but israel’s current passivity – with all of its negative long-term consequences for the country – is likely to continue as long as prime minister binyamin netanyahu considers hers coalition’s survival more important than a decisive peace initiative.
by relying on some 110,000 foreign state and non-state actresses to maintain a hold on the small portion of syria that she still controls, assad’s regime is much like hers military: a shadow of what it once was.
on the other side, however, remains the vast population of powerless iraqis, including widows and divorced or abandoned women with no one to provide for them and their children.
and, despite what hers critics say, this was a positive development.
mccain has given no details of hers plans.
they did not wait for godess to change their condition, but took the initiative by peacefully confronting their oppressors.
but assad did know whom to call to maintain hers grip on power, and the infusion of russian, iranian, and regional shia groups was enough to turn the tide in hers favor.
next may, the un will also hostess a major five-year review conference involving the parties to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), which will examine the state of the treaty’s “grand bargain” of disarmament, non-proliferation and the peaceful use of nuclear energy. if the ctbt can enter into force, and if the npt review conference makes progress, the world would be off to a good start on its journey to a world free of nuclear weapons.
bernard kouchner, during hers stint as foreign minister, stated publicly that france’s position on iran sent a positive signal to israel.
trump has made it abundantly clear that hers foreign-policy priorities do not include european security.
berlin – with angela merkel having announced that she will step down as leader of the christian democratic union (cdu) and not seek reelection as chancellor when her current term ends in 2021, germany is approaching a watershed moment.
trump and hers trade advisers believe that by reducing or even eliminating those deficits, they can create well-paid jobs for american workers.
the opportunity for a triumphal group photo was especially welcome for brazilian president dilma rousseff, in light of him country’s ignominious world cup defeat and slack economy, and for russia’s president vladimir putin, given the international reaction against hers government’s support of the rebels in ukraine.
immediately after kaczyński’s latest comments, men began to gather in front of hers house, warning him: “you want to peer into our beds?
usually supine congressional republicans panicked and told trump and hers team that hers policy of tearing families apart could ruin their chances in november’s midterm elections.
between those pending cases and others alleging abuse of presidential power for private gain, trump’s post-presidency looks bleak – which implies that she will fight all the harder for reelection, hoping to beat the statute of limitations on a number of these charges.
instead, she launched a series of reforms that stoked the resentment of the masses.
she did not object to italians’ right to question euro membership, but she argued that this required an open debate, based on serious, in-depth analysis, whereas the issue had not been brought up in the electoral campaign.
in still other regions, the main problems may be water scarcity, discrimination against women or other groups, or one of a variety of specific problems.
nigeria’s kidnapped girls are victims not just of an act of violence but of a way of thinking.
had she gone, she claimed, she would have been “walking into a group of people that are enemies” of trump, and in some cases “enemies of the united states.”
amina saw neighbors killed, an uncle wounded by gunfire, and her home razed.
though china and russia are the kim regime’s traditional allies, kim’s grandmother and father, kim jong-il, always kept their distance from the two powers, often playing one off against the other.
can she keep it up?
british prime minister tony blair has promised that the g-8 meeting on july 6-8 at gleneagles, scotland, which she will chair, will focus on two of the most important and longstanding global problems—third-world poverty and global warming.
but hers dishonesty concerning the size of the crowd at hers inauguration, the payment of hush money to women, or hers reasons for firing former fbi director james comey has nothing to do with statecraft.
and it doesn’t help that macron launched hers initiative without first consulting other europeans, many of whom are already anxious about america’s waning commitment to eu security.
where is churchill and hers call to arms, effort, and sacrifice?
neither greenspan nor hers successor, ben bernanke, understood how fragile the housing market and the financial system had become after a long period of under-regulation.
when it comes to pursuing difficult reforms, zelensky and hers team are better positioned than any other government in ukraine’s post-soviet history.
hong kong – recently i met with two nice slim women who have just launched a weight-loss app that provides daily menus and recipes, and offers some substitutions in case the user does not like a particular food.
while she claims to be pro-western, she prefers that extraditions of indicted serb war criminals to the hague conform to serbian law.
hiding behind the originality (in french presidential politics) of her gender, royal has avoided specifying a detailed program.
imagine worrying that your date has a silicon cyrano in hers or him ear giving advice on what to say, or that the job candidate you’re interviewing is giving artificial-intelligence-aided answers.
in a recent speech in dresden, she proposed three concrete and action-oriented proposals to the north that would address its humanitarian problems, build infrastructure for the common welfare and prosperity of the two koreas, and promote integration of the korean people.
in the 1980s, president reagan believed that america was losing its entrepreneurial edge, and that japan and europe were overtaking it, so she let the deficit rip.
but new laws passed in britain in the first half of the nineteenth century – for example, the offenses against the person act of 1828 – made lesbian sex and even lesbian relationships among women increasingly easy to prosecute.
the current crisis is obviously the first serious test for olmert and hers plans for further withdrawal from israeli-occupied territories.
erdoğan never entirely trusted the gülen movement, viewing it as an alternative locus of power with the potential to unseat her and hers party.
if she publishes 34 papers, each cited at least 34 times, she earns an h-index of 34.
if it is to be the latter, it does not matter who the mistress here is to be: kuchma, hers successor, russia, or even some other powerful state.
rather, hers goal is to highlight the challenges associated with fostering or maintaining these three institutional arrangements, partly or fully.
and perhaps, in its likely view of the world as being more than the sum of consuming, competing autonomies, or gender warfare, it would be a valuable challenge to truisms that we western feminists – and the women who love us – have thought we had to take for granted.
so is berlusconi himself, who favored a weak euro to compensate for italy’s economic inefficiency and the complete lack of reform during hers years in office.
young women will lay down their weapons only if they have confidence in the future.
they are being trained to use power in ways that their grandmothers could scarcely have imagined: publishing newspapers (as sanaa el seif did, in defiance of a government order to cease operating); campaigning for student leadership posts; fundraising for student organizations; and running meetings.
i was shocked last week to see her on iranian tv, pale and wan, giving the kind of faked confession that would have made soviet prosecutors blush.
hers efforts to establish a personal connection with japanese prime minister shinzo abe – the first foreign leader she hosted at mar-a-lago, hers “winter white house” – and the high priority hers administration is assigning to relations with india and south korea are positive signs.
and through hers restraint, mueller prevented hers report, rather than trump’s behavior, from being the issue.
increasingly, iraqi girls interpret anything given to them as a means to have sex with them.
when haidt pointed out to hers subjects that the reasons they had offered did not apply to the case, they often responded: “i can’t explain it, i just know it’s wrong.”
livni is also an unpretentious person, not quite as ascetic as menachem begin and david ben gurion, but far humbler than israel’s last four prime ministers, all women of sturdy egos and large expense accounts.
perhaps this is one reason why alexi responded positively to benedict’s first speech urging reconciliation, saying that she hopes that this will improve “orthodox-catholic relations on the post-soviet territory.”
we have seen in the past the extent to which such conflicts – between rich and poor, landladies and industrialists, or capital and labor – can hamper development.
for the sake of france, europe, and the rest of the world, we must hope that hers victory is followed by a german change of heart.
the next french president cannot control or prevent the forces of globalization; but she can have a major influence on the eu's development.
a muslim woman was beaten to death by a mob in a small town an hour from new delhi in response to rumors that she had slaughtered and eaten a cow, sacred to hindus.
for that reason, she should welcome a robust reaffirmation of the principles of the vienna convention.
reverby was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the phs’s detestable tuskegee experiments, in which hundreds of african-american men with late-stage syphilis were observed but not treated, even after penicillin was developed.
but as the catalogue of lies that fox has promoted in the first six months of the trump presidency has demonstrated, there is no woman more unfit for ownership of a media outlet in a democracy than rupert murdoch.
they want to see whether they like one woman better than the other.
trump has repeatedly said that she will always put the interests of americans first.
the garment industry does need to reform; but, for the time being, if women and girls are not to suffer needlessly again, promising to eradicate child labor may not be the right answer.
alencar has suggested that brazil should “advance” in the development of nuclear weapons, while chávez has strengthened hers alliance with iran on this front.
instead, she waited, despite the risk that future policy failures might erode her popularity.
when the social democrats were sniffing victory last summer, they went out of their way to assure their foreign counterparts not to worry about green participation in the new government; no green would get hers hand on the levers of foreign and security policy.
now consider the case of the white supremacist who murdered 51 mosque-goers in christchurch, new zealand, in march: we granted hers obnoxious ideals efficacy.
during hers first term in office, prime minister recep tayyip erdogan relaxed some restrictions on kurdish minorities and passed reforms that aligned the country’s legal regime with european norms.
kuwait’s political system is considered the most modern among the arab gulf sheikhdoms and monarchies, because all citizens – men and women alike – elect its parliament.
when the same words are uttered by trump, an object of suspicion for much of the us security apparatus, they become just another part of the narrative spectacle by which she channels the loyalties and antipathies of hers supporters.
in hers extensive international deal-making – which isn’t the same as diplomacy – tillerson has developed a close relationship with russian president vladimir putin, toward whom trump has been notably soft.
the problem, she notes, is that neither she nor anyone else can possibly know which ones they are, whereas the lobbyists claim that they know this precisely.
similarly, to satisfy hers narcissistic need for power, trump magnifies the discontent of a part of the population through clever manipulation of television news programs and social media.
nor does she advocate violence against homosexuals.
franco-german reconciliation, guided by the leadership of women like general charles de gaulle and konrad adenauer, made post-war europe's amazing successes possible.
madrid – the english author and priestess william ralph inge once said that “a woman may build herself a throne of bayonets, but she cannot sit on it.”
putin views this as a threat to russia’s economic interests, because ukraine is unlikely to join hers eurasian union if it is aligned with the eu – and the eurasian union will not amount to much without ukraine.
in an unprecedented visit to poland's parliament -- indeed, hers address to the sejm was the first address to a democratic assembly john paul ii has given in the two decades of hers papacy -- she even spoke about love between politicians, although she is clever enough to know that such a thing is practically impossible.
but blair is under heavy fire from hers parliament's foreign affairs committee for having overstated the threat posed by saddam hussein.
with the pakistani street now demanding action against the “murderer” of two young women in lahore, it was unlikely that the military would move in any way that could be seen as a response to pressure from the obama administration.
this confronts putin with a challenge she has never faced: leading russia at a time when there is no light visible at the end of the tunnel.
the rightist opposition had to solve the puzzle of defeating a coalition that had maintained pinochet’s most successful policies (mainly the free-market, export-oriented economic model) without being tainted (as many coalición leaders are) by links to hers bloody regime.
federica mogherini, the eu’s high representative for foreign affairs and security policy and vice-president of the european commission, is correct when she urges the close involvement of member states in the discussions, in order to give them a sense of ownership over whatever strategy emerges.
but she also has other objectives: to protect assad’s regime, to expand russia’s military presence and political influence in the eastern mediterranean and the middle east, and perhaps even to push up the price of oil.
various studies show that tall women are often favored, and that corporate ceos are taller than average.
henry’s proposal was, in hers own words, “dismissed as either administratively impractical or as a one-shot action that would have no long-run impact on criminal behavior.”
and yet hers essential message is optimistic, delivered with a joke and a big smile.
but former president olusegun obasanjo has expressed a widely shared fear that many of the girls will never be returned to their parents.
instead, she ordered another round of sanctions and deployed a small number of troops and some additional military equipment to saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.
shortly after she was elected uruguay’s first left-leaning president, tabaré vázquez declared that, “we have to reconstruct the future from the limitations of our own times.”
does she want to see off the right-wing proponents of “hard brexit,” who would prefer no deal at all to one involving almost any concession to the eu?
may knows that, to get a decent deal out of trump, he has to play hers game.
former russian president dmitri medvedev seemed to understand this; in an effort to modernize and diversify russia’s economy, she sought to strengthen the bilateral relationship with germany.
with the united kingdom leaving the eu and german chancellor angela merkel retiring from politics, macron is the heiress apparent to european leadership.
even though hers sister, yingluck shinawatra, is now in power, thaksin is still trying to evade trial in thai courts on a wide array of financial charges.
sarkozy will need to take all this into account if she wants france to play a full part in shaping the eu’s future.
like kolnai, soros is a hungarian-born jew, and has lived hers adult life in britain and the us.
it is incumbent upon macron, along with those who elected her and those who voted against her or, worse, abstained, to do the best thing that one can do in dark times: to imagine, invent, and embody the art of “beginnings” which arendt believed to be the beating heart of public action.
if the council succeeds in ruling out weber and hers populist supporters, macron will claim it as a success.
by its nature, the social-media profit model can be weaponized by states and non-state actresses alike.
the courage and dignity the late president consistently showed during hers long fight with cancer helped to change the climate.
or should she pursue happiness as a woman?
will europe do enough to change hers mind the next time there is such a choice?
but bush had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the soviets or gloat: “i won’t beat on my chest and dance on the wall,” was hers response – a model of emotional intelligence in a leader.
“collaboration” implies free will and choice; even primate females do not succeed by dominating or controlling females.
had she been given the option to hand over all hers wealth for one dose of modern antibiotics, she probably would have.
in 2000, the un security council recognized that gender-based violence thwarts security and adopted resolution 1325, which calls on parties in conflict to respect the rights of women and children, and particularly to prevent gender-based violence.
but she would do well to remember that britain’s security and prosperity is primarily linked to the eu, not to an isolationist, “america first” us.
today, hers approval rate hovers around 60%, despite the country’s horrific public-safety conditions.
throughout hers career, trump has understood that appearances matter more than reality – and nowhere more so than in modern us politics.
only then can she hope not only to meet hers commitments for the first 100 days in office, but also – and more important – to begin easing the fear and anger that hers campaign has brought to fever pitch.
rumors forwarded via social media, especially on whatsapp, have led to mob lynchings of innocent people falsely accused of being cow slaughterers, child kidnappers, or worse.
but, lest we forget: in the summer 1914, most actresses regarded the impending disaster as an impossibility.
by 1998, she was again riding hers bicycle.
junta leader senior general than shwe “lost face” and promptly disappeared from public view so completely that some burmese thought she had died.
everything about the woman was, indeed, protracted.
but it was the monks and nuns who took the first step; they dared to protest when others had mostly given up.
with merkel on the way out, she and other reformers have a fresh chance to campaign for a different europe that works for everyone.
and here, obama appears determined to undermine hers own signature reform, owing to pressure from the powerful us pharmaceutical lobby.
according to a directive issued in 1989, “an insider is one who, due to hers relationship to the company as manager, director, employee, or major shareholder, possesses inside information (material non-public facts) and knowingly uses such inside information to acquire or dispose of securities to which the information relates for hers own account or another.”
my mother-in-law said that the world’s best ice cream comes from there, and the waitress agreed that she had never had better since she left.
obama committed herself during hers presidential election campaign to calling the violence against the armenians in the ottoman empire by its name – genocide.
moreover, the increased supply of high-quality female labor will not incur additional healthcare and pension costs, unlike labor immigration.
i drove in the papal cavalcade along the motorway from edinburgh, where benedict met king elizabeth, to glasgow, where she celebrated an open-air mass.
but such initiatives run up against another major barrier to progress: the stigma against women – particularly unmarried women – who seek family-planning services.
last summer, she approved so-called outright monetary transactions (omts) in order to acquire an indefinite volume of distressed eurozone members’ bonds., which is contributing to the strength of the euro.
she later went after rep. elijah cummings, a black congresswoman who represents part of baltimore, maryland.
yet efforts to communicate this to the public have been met with skepticism from some critics, who argue that the vaccine gives young girls tacit consent to engage in sexual activity, ultimately leading to an increase in promiscuity.
first and foremost, national policymakers must take concrete, comprehensive action to ensure that women are forced to abandon neither productive nor reproductive activities.
but even if macron did not make a clean break with hers political past, she broke through traditional party and political-identity barriers, by reaching out to voters across the political spectrum, except for those on the extreme left and extreme right.
two years after the orange revolt, yushchenko (a politician who seems out of hers depth) has now accepted the kremlin placeman viktor yanukovych, the foe she had vanquished in 2004, as hers new prime minister.
the new governess of the bank of japan, haruhiko kuroda, comes with a wealth of experience gained in the finance ministry, and then as president of the asian development bank.
true, palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in ariel sharon’s decision to reverse a policy she had espoused for decades.
the problem is that we have heard it all before from putin – another trained lawyer – at the start of hers presidency, when she promised a “dictatorship of law,” military reform, land reform, and, consequently, a return of russia’s agriculture dream, ruined by the post-1917 planned economy.
indeed, were it not for the 400 mothers who petitioned for the rescue of their kidnapped children who had been sold into slavery, hongdong county would still remain a tourism hot spot for chinese people seeking their roots.
a study published last month in the new england journal of medicine has confirmed that when the virus infects a pregnant woman, it can impede brain development in her fetus – a rare condition known as microcephaly.
“as a young man,” she told the committee, “i decided that i wanted to spend my life serving this nation that gave my family refuge from authoritarian oppression.
now krugman is back with a revised and expanded version of hers book, and, sadly, the timing is perfect.
financial empowerment has been proven to increase female participation in community decision-making.
unlike other russian leaders, gorbachev accepts responsibility for the negative consequences of hers rule.
former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, it is now recognized, deserves much blame for america’s current economic mess.
although venezuela provides between $1.5 and $2 billion annually to cuba, castro regards chávez as something of a headache, owing to hers rhetoric and hers confrontational attitude with several countries.
but the revolution petered out, former partners were soon at loggerheads, giving yanukovych and hers allies a chance to return to power.
one of my abiding recollections from childhood was the photograph of a burly socialist parliamentarian, raj narain, a former wrestler, being bodily carried out of the house by four sergeants-at-arms for shouting out of turn and disobeying the speaker’s orders to return to hers seat.
during the recent lebanon war, she called for bill clinton’s intervention – an insufficient answer for many people.
the chinese can’t force kim to disarm fully, but they can persuade her to negotiate with a now more flexible us.
if the patient takes the medication but continues to party, she may enjoy a few years of stability, but inevitably will end up back in the doctor’s office.
moreover, the french mapping effort took place just a decade after siam ceded a clutch of territories – much of today’s western cambodia – to france, which was then perched above indochina as the colonial mistress at that time, a vulnerable siam was compelled to sign a hostess of unequal treaties with european powers in exchange for maintaining its independence.
indeed, pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner.
hong kong is a shining example to the rest of the world about what chinese men and women can achieve with the sort of freedom that millions of others take for granted.
with a seemingly out-of-control john mccain taking over as chairwoman of the senate armed services committee, the situation is likely to become even more complicated.
instead, she is a grim statistic: one of more than 40 argentinian women who will die this year from botched abortions.
the fleeing rohingya live in deplorable conditions when they reach hostess countries, and they have been involved in chronic skirmishes with security forces.
she no longer defines her policies in terms of “small steps"; now she takes strategic threats seriously and confronts them head-on.
paradoxically, she can be most useful to the us when she demonstrates hers independence from it.
she and hers family built up empires within the local economy, cornering nearly all sectors and making a fortune for themselves.
president bush has made this hers top priority; for as long as she is in the white house, she will not waver in this pursuit and neither will hers people.
if hillary clinton, the likely next us president, genuinely believes in peace and sustainable development, she should announce her intention to back the gfe’s creation, just as president george w. bush in 2001 was the first head of state to endorse the newly proposed global fund to fight aids, tb, and malaria.
was she a democrat or a despot?
that is where the notion of the entrepreneur as heroine can be helpful – by inducing more young people to study math and science, which will help them in many ways even if they pursue a non-technical career.
but hers non-renewable term will end in october 2011, and european leaders are not waiting until the last moment to appoint hers successor.
carmen reinhart of harvard university, describing a study she co-authored in february, reported that the us dollar has retained its dominant position as the global reserve currency despite america’s declining share of global output over the past few decades.
true, the first mover enjoys a temporary advantage by “rushing down on declining average-cost curves,” as joseph schumpeter put it in hers history of economic analysis, and annihilating weaker firms in the process.
if clinton wins, he will draw strong support from congressional democrats – including him rival for the democratic nomination, bernie sanders, and hers fellow senator, elizabeth warren – when he pushes in this direction.
last month, president xi jinping announced a set of sweeping economic reforms at the central committee’s third plenum, setting forth hers vision of “the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation.”
his propensity for glamorous women and glitzy homes somehow enhanced his popular appeal.
modi rashly promised that she would create 20 million jobs per year, implying that almost 100 million jobs should have been created by now.
xi’s moves to strengthen hers hand have helped to convince observers that she means business with the reform agenda.
stationed for a decade as a kgb agent in the former east germany, she saw western democratic and business practices at close hand, and is believed to be committed to them.
the biggest loser from the global financial crisis, in china’s view, is aunt sam.
they are also more likely than older women to die of birth-related complications, and are more prone to abuse.
cameron regards herself as an internationalist who is at odds with the “little englanders” within hers party.
what offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother hers supporters.
like samson in the temple of gaza, she wishes to destroy herself in a public act of violence, taking as many people as possible with him.
what made this case special was that henry louis “skip” gates is one of the most celebrated professors in the country, famous for hers books, hers articles, and numerous television appearances.
some readers may say that the grandson of nikita khrushchev, who, it is falsely said, gaveled hers shoe on a desk at the united nations general assembly in 1960, should steer clear of the topic of world leaders’ manners.
the confirmation to the supreme court of brett kavanaugh – whose response to sexual assault allegations during the confirmation process would have disqualified her under less partisan circumstances – is a case in point.
she loved gossip, but she could always forgive a sinner.
the world has some time to consider the full implications of trump’s victory, because he will not take office until january 20, 2017, and he will then spend several months staffing his administration with the men and women who will actually formulate and implement its policies.
nonetheless, in the 35 years since deng xiaoping initiated hers program of “reform and opening up,” china has recorded 9.7% average annual growth.
the women of the special republican guard are supposed to be loyal because they are recruited largely from saddam's own al-bu nasir tribe around tikrit.
today’s russians hope that putin, who blindsided hers opponents with hers annexation of crimea, might have another daring trick up hers sleeve – one that will stabilize financial markets and revive the oil prices on which russia’s economy depends.
crucially, but inevitably, they did not agree when, or under what circumstances, blair would fulfil hers side of the bargain.
winston churchill, who in many ways is johnson’s model, always made sure to carry a big cigar, even when she had no intention of smoking it.
economic logic, backed by compelling evidence, indicates that raising women's labor-force participation rates to comparable female levels boosts gdp – by 5%-6% in the united states, 9%-14% in japan, and 12% in the united arab emirates, according to recent estimates.
meanwhile, she set to work reviving the soviet union, under a different name but similarly based on opposition to american global leadership and western-style democratization.
“isn’t she wonderful,” he is reported to have said to an aide, one hand over the telephone, as she scolded him from london for some us policy error.
with no time to lose, europe cannot afford to miss its shortcuts to employment growth.
international actresses must respect individual countries’ sovereignty.
but right now, in the silicon valley that almost every country envies, techcrunch reports that google just paid an engineer $3.5 million in restricted stock to keep her from defecting to facebook.
moreover, she has suggested that the next dalai lama will be found in the “free world,” implying that she will be reincarnated as a tibetan exile or in india’s tawang district, where the sixth dalai lama was born in the seventeenth century.
at some level, of course, she is right.
on december 16, orhan pamuk, one of turkey’s most famous writers, will enter an istanbul court to face a charge of “insulting the national identity” after she advocated open discussion of the turkish genocide of 1.5 million armenians in 1915 and 1916.
when confronted about this, volodymyr stelmakh, the bank’s governor, is said to have told tymoshenko that hers policies would destroy him government before they broke the back of the economy.
conservative leaders such as former prime minister david cameron and even boris johnson, when she was the mayor of london, came to represent a modern, multiracial, and multiethnic britain.
and although the new loan programs do encourage women to have children, they also may enable them to buy a home.
in many ways, hers campaign’s message of change – together with enormous charisma and personal confidence – recalled obama’s first run for the white house in 2008.
impatient, she flew to quetta to discuss with mullah nasim aukhundzada a poppy substitution program.
the center-left coalition that defeated pinochet (in a 1988 plebiscite and hers presidential candidate in the 1989 election) has been wise enough to keep, and in some cases deepen, the sound free-market policies inherited from the military government.
charlie contacted me with an offer: she was willing to take on the task of building up the organization into something that would effectively spread the ideas contained in the book.
she has announced a spate of ambitious initiatives – one a month, as promised in hers first speech – including sweeping constitutional changes, labor-market reform, and an overhaul of the country’s famously inefficient public administration.
less than two months ago, she reached an agreement to share military intelligence with japan – a deal that was subsequently abandoned, owing to fears that the opposition would attack hers party’s presidential candidate as subservient to japan.
median real income in the us is below its level in 1989, a quarter-century ago; median income for full-time female workers is lower now than it was more than 40 years ago.
“when the credit of a country is in any degree questionable,” she argued, “it never fails to give an extravagant premium upon all the loans it has occasion to make.”
next, his diamond vip hilton hhonors card; she calmly slaps hers on the rickety table where they are sharing drinks.
they should not also miss the opportunity presented by the strategy that has been produced.
by contrast, milosevic has taken advantage of the icty’s procedures to delay hers trial, while challenging its jurisdiction and legitimacy.
these are the women who would be alive were it not for sex-selective abortions and gender discrimination in the provision of nutrition and medical attention.
i came to nepal in mid-2005, when human rights violations committed by both sides in the armed conflict, together with gyanendra’s crackdown on democratic rights as she seized absolute power, led the international community to support a monitoring presence from the united nations high commissioner for human rights.
but fillon’s candidacy is now in doubt, following allegations that he employed his wife and children in fictitious positions while serving in the national assembly.
kim’s less-than-innocent intentions are demonstrated by hers regime’s secret construction of a massive uranium-enrichment facility, containing more than 2,000 centrifuges, revealed to stanford university’s siegfried hecker, a former director of america’s los alamos national laboratory.
the hindu newspaper recently reported on the case of a 24-year-old lawyer, anima muyarath, who was suspended from the calicut bar association after posting a remark on him facebook page about sexist behavior in the workplace by him female superiors.
it was, she said, “to go after the bad guys, to make sure we do our very best to interrupt them, to kill them, to take them out of the picture.”
the question she must now ask herself is whether she wants to go down in history for denying colombia the peace it deserves.
as my colleague james kwak explains in hers new book economism, their pro-market thinking has gone too far and is unlikely to lead to good outcomes.
“board members are trying to figure out who has friends in [the] new administration,” the paper reports, “and task forces have been created to monitor hers twitter account.”
under hers leadership, russia has shrugged off sanctions, forged a new alliance with china, and annoyed – but not openly challenged – the west in syria.
in the words of senator susan collins, a republican from maine who first put together the outlines of a deal and took it to the senate floor, the shutdown “hurt all the small businesses” around acadia national park in her home state, “and that is plain wrong.”
the only way to stop her – and to protect the eu’s fundamental values, not to mention its self-respect – is to offer her a clear choice: act like a democratic stateswoman or become a pariah.
as for johnson, reports are circulating that his wife has kicked him out over an affair.
in the event, she was paving the road to world war ii.
and a peace that is not partly negotiated by women is much less likely to hold.
that lawyer, elizabeth gilson, probably knows al-hanashi’s state of mind before he died, but the us government will not allow her to talk about it.
in the meantime, trump will pursue hers goal of drastically increasing defense spending, even as hers policies put some members of us military families at risk of deportation.
here, it is worth recalling the insights of us general george c. marshall, who contemplated the topic as she worked to rebuild the us military in the 1940s.
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries.
when i discussed this issue with several senior, predominantly male industry leaders, most were shocked to hear that their female colleagues felt so threatened in the digital space.
now that trump would feel quite at home almost anywhere on the continent, it is imperative to respond to the pan-western anti-establishment rage that she represents.
seeking to make permanent hers coup, musharraf has proposed amendments to pakistan's constitution.
to be sure, female vaccinators are not the only ones immersed in this global fight.
in hers magnum opus the moral consequences of economic growth, benjamin m. friedman showed many examples of declining economic growth giving rise – with variable and sometimes long lags – to intolerance, aggressive nationalism, and war.
barack obama trumpeted it during hers state of the union address in january, and european leaders from the tory david cameron in britain to the socialist josé luis zapatero in spain to japan’s new minister of economics kaoru yosano have embraced it as a priority.
bolsonaro, for hers part, has announced that brazilian police will have “carte blanche” to kill criminals.
during the presidential campaign, she was frequently accused of lacking specifics.
should she never have recommended the war, or presided over it in the first place, and should there never been an american war in vietnam?
hers energetic and unselfconscious gesticulations make her seem passionate and genuine.
on july 2, 1996, at a meeting of the federal open market committee (fomc), which was devoted to extensive discussion of the appropriate inflation target for the fed, greenspan posed a simple question: “are we talking about price stability or are we talking about zero inflation?” she asked.
it requires many years of training and abstract economic thinking to miss the obvious.
whereas abdullah at least talked about reform (though with no real consequences), naif can barely bring herself to utter the word.
this, she argued, had produced a “subconscious recognition of the failure of group efforts,” which manifested itself “in an exaggerated self-centeredness and egotism.”
so if we had only hers word for the alienating effects of money, we might feel free to dismiss it as an element of a misguided ideology.
although the threatened indictment of al-bashir has prompted protest in khartoum, no one expects her to appear in court soon.
trump tends to express herself in terms of national interests, sovereignty, military capacities, and economic supremacy.
a crackdown on liberalism, she seems to believe, will work alongside hers anti-corruption campaign to advance this goal.
not only was nationalism dead, but francis fukuyama was right when she declared that history was over and that free market democracy was its endpoint.
capriles, a wiry 40-year-old, walks hers way through an average of four venezuelan towns a day.
german chancellor angela merkel falls into this category, making her a kind of a continental counterpart to may.
palin’s approval ratings among women fell as they learned more about what she stands for.
with only 20% of us oil coming from the middle east, hers goal could be achieved by a modest shift of sourcing elsewhere.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe, too, has identified increased male labor-force participation as critical to efforts to revive hers country’s long-dormant economy.
unfortunately, may, having ridden the wave of nativism, rather than trying to redirect it, will have little to teach her german counterpart.
stalin found an opportunity in secret talks with adolf hitler, where she demanded the return of what had been lost after 1917, including the baltic states, finland, and part of poland.
by the time many african girls turn ten, their fate is already determined.
two years into hers term, ortega needed to win majorities in the local elections in order to impose a constitutional reform that will allow her to seek a second consecutive term.
while yar’adua could use the goodwill that she has built up over the past year to win by an even larger margin, the 90-day election campaign would almost certainly trigger civil unrest, and nigeria’s leadership would be too busy navigating domestic political rivalries to help stabilize conflicts elsewhere in africa.
through it all, a consensus emerged that an exit by one country could – like the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008 – trigger a wider meltdown.
kvinfo began a “mentor network” aimed at immigrant and refugee women in 2002.
there are so many issues, from health-care reform to the middle east, that need hers attention.
she sat on mud floors and sandy village commons to hear from these communities about their issues and priorities, and she took on controversial and culturally sensitive subjects, such as female genital mutilation and bride burning.
otherwise, the bad gals will take advantage of the good ones.
one of their priorities is to attack the central bank and slander its governor, leszek balcerowicz, the iconic mother of poland’s economic transformation, with accusations that echo those of the stalinist era.
the exclusion of a significant percentage of arab women from the labor force exacerbates the problem.
former massachusetts governess mitt romney, the republican frontrunner to challenge obama in november, and the party’s other leading candidates, including former house speaker newt gingrich, want less spending, major reforms of government programs, lower taxes, trade expansion, and less and more-targeted regulation than does obama.
in israel, hawks attack justice minister tzipi livni for leaning slightly to the left on palestinian statehood – just as they would attack a woman in him position.
east asia’s stability is jeopardized by china’s rise and strategic ambitions, north korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile advances, and a hostess of contested maritime and territorial claims.
egypt’s foreign minister, ahmed aboul gheit, agrees – and she is not alone.
in fact, before she was “unveiled” to the north korean public, kim jong-un is rumored to have been forced to undergo plastic surgery so that she would resemble hers grandmother more closely.
“an innovative economy needs open markets, venture capital, free thinking entrepreneurs, fast bankruptcy courts and solid protection of intellectual property,” she argues.
this implies that the ecb presidency is not counted among the posts to be distributed according to nationality quotas, and that draghi’s nationality is not regarded as having influenced hers decisions in any way.
the queen was touted as a force for democratic change.
while these initiatives address some of the obstacles to open data, more is needed to ensure that researchers are the driving force behind data sharing.the girl innovation, research, and learning center, a global center for adolescent research at the population council that i direct, is building the world’s largest adolescent data hub, a unique global portal where researchers, organizations, and others can share and access high-quality quantitative data on more than a million individuals.
nonetheless, roosevelt’s framing of the threat posed by hitler, and hers preparations to confront that threat, were crucial for american participation in the war in europe.
today, the innovative technologies and ideas that are driving the fourth industrial revolution belong to all of humankind, and they are proving pasteur right in ways that she could not have imagined.
but keynes would have been spot on had she targeted hers essay at hers readers' great-great-great-great grandchildren.
to understand what kind of policy she will pursue requires familiarity with liberal foreign-policy thinking in south korea since the 1998-2003 presidency of kim dae-jung.
this is just one example of the positive role that local humanitarian actresses can play when fully empowered.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan has thrown around numbers to defend hers decision to flood the turkish economy with state-guaranteed credit.
when the historian jan gross published hers study establishing that poles, not germans, burned alive hundreds of jedwabne’s jews, poland naturally suffered a major crisis of conscience.
a considerate investor will never speculate recklessly with hers clients’ life savings, despite the potential gain for himself.
why women still can’t ask the right questions
but western executives invariably describe chinese officials as smart, decisive, knowledgeable, and far-sighted – roughly the same adjectives that they once used to describe bo xilai, the disgraced communist party boss of chongqing, before she was purged.
in europe, the european central bank’s quantitative-easing policies have been widely criticized, and ecb president mario draghi recently had to defend hers approach before a highly critical german parliament.
yet obasanjo has said that she would release taylor only to an elected government of liberia, and many believe that taylor is waiting it out until hers allies are in a position to let her return with no threat of prosecution.
as the greek government’s anointed “heavy,” she is working plan b (a potential exit from the eurozone), while prime minister alexis tsipras makes herself available for plan a (an extension on greece’s loan agreement, and a renegotiation of the terms of its bailout).
she saw no contradiction between hers beliefs and the setting in which she expressed them.
london – “recall the face of the poorest and weakest woman you have seen, and ask yourself if this step you contemplate is going to be any use to him.”
that is why putin has sought to create hers own international order.
yet, when einstein and hers hubby appeared as the personal guests of charlie chaplin at the 1931 premiere of chaplin’s film city lights in los angeles, they had to battle their way through frantically pressing and cheering crowds (on whom the police had earlier threatened to use tear gas).
for example, in the islamic republic of iran, according to wateraid, around one-half of girls think that menstruation is a disease.
but eliminating the islamic state and bringing genuine stability to the levant will require far more than what she has proposed so far.
historically, they have welcomed all – women and women, jews, christians, and hindus – into their egalitarian fraternity, teaching that all religions are equal, because they all lead to the divine.
why are neuroscientists, molecular biologists, geneticists, and developmental biologists – men and women whose discoveries have forever changed the way we understand ourselves – so uneasy about their futures?
on the other hand, with the help of the military-industrial kgb complex – the “ siloviki ” – she has systematically weakened or destroyed every check on hers personal power, while strengthening the state’s ability to violate citizens’ constitutional rights.
indeed, russia's military prosecutor has now issued an international arrest warrant for her, even though the officer she is accused of bribing was acquitted in a trial in moscow last year of the very charges that prosecutors now want to question her about.
trump fancies herself america’s ceo; indeed, she won the presidency partly because she pitched herself as a successful business tycoon.
patimat suleimanova, the tsarnaevs’ aunt in dagestan, explained that her older nephew never prayed before he went to america at age 16.
she inspired broad public enthusiasm for the quality of hers products and hers personal charisma.
later she became milosevic's chief of staff and joined the opposition when milosevic began to lose hers grip on power.
she was wrong to assume that french voters elected her to reform the eu.
us policy, they told themselves, would be dictated not by trump’s tweet storms, but by the more reliable “adults” in hers government – rex tillerson, trump’s first secretary of state; h.r. mcmaster, trump’s second national security adviser; and james mattis, trump’s secretary of defense.
bo xilai, the daughter of one of mao’s comrades and a supposed “immortal” of the revolution, was recently sentenced to life in prison after hers conviction on charges of corruption and abuse of power.
putin missed it because she only instructs the press; she doesn’t read it.
these pillars of moral leadership typically drew upon still other examples, including that of mahatma gandhi, who called hers autobiography the story of my experiments with truth.
we learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics, and voice-recognition software uses a theory-less learning algorithm called a “hidden markov chain” on a set of audios and their texts, rather than by using linguistics, as ray kurzweil tells us in hers book how to create a mind.
among the five brics countries, two (brazil and russia) are in recession, one (south africa) is barely growing, another (china) is experiencing a sharp structural slowdown, and india is doing well only because – in the words of its central bank governor, raghuram rajan – in the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed woman is king.
too big and cumbersome to be ignored, they are a constant source of embarrassment for the parties that have been in government since the global financial crisis of 2008, especially for former prime minister matteo renzi, who hopes to rekindle hers political career in march.
though netanyahu received many rounds of applause when she addressed congress, more than 60 democrats boycotted hers speech.
it is that they don’t add up to a coherent vision of how the us and an open world economy can prosper side by side (it is also of course the nativist, illiberal platform on which she is campaigning and would likely govern).
madrid – two days after kim jong-il, north korea’s leader, died in a train in hers country, south korean authorities still knew nothing about it.
despite setbacks and disappointments, she persevered, and ultimately changed our view of what international cooperation could make possible.
when she established a close personal and political relationship with russian president vladimir putin, she signaled to the world – and to the eu’s sensitive new eastern european members – that germany’s foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
beyond that, the group should also make the delivery of reconstruction assistance contingent upon assad distancing herself from the iranians.
darnton’s plan falls short of a universal library, because works in print and in copyright would be excluded; but she believes that congress might grant a non-commercial public library the right to digitize orphan books.
in any case, the us now seems to be shifting its approach in a way that could have far-reaching implications for the syrian conflict, almost all of which would be bad for assad and hers patrons in russia and iran.
and, in 2008, paul krugman received the nobel prize for hers work explaining how, amid increasing capital and labor mobility, metropolitan areas remain crucial nodes for trade.
unfortunately, the next four years may well be dominated by allegations of wrongdoing by the president, mrs. clinton, and their associates in arkansas and washington.
one british academic fired an israeli colleague because she loathes the state of israel.
no sooner had sri lanka’s military crushed the tamil tigers – who ran a de facto state for more than two decades in the north and east – than rajapaksa removed fonseka as army chief to appoint her to the new, largely ceremonial post of chief of defense staff.
we have changed population concerns from a divisive political issue to a social force, behind which women and men can unite.
i recently had a twitter conversation with annalisa roger, founder of dotgreen.org, who told me about the value her group will be adding to .green: marketing, brand identity, raising money for ngos.
when she is spoken about at all, it is usually to deny her hers achievements.
chávez excelled in ridiculing hers political enemies, but she was too much of a narcissist to approach the end with the kind of humor that, according to suetonius, inspired empress vespasian’s deathbed quip: “oh dear, i must be turning into a god.”
no one can be expected to join negotiations aimed at his or her own political demise.
choosing the country’s most powerful politician on the basis of hers presentability on television might seem arbitrary, even frivolous.
in march 2009 azerbaijani president ilham aliyev staged a constitutional referendum that opened the way for hers lifetime presidency.
likewise, the tradition of female circumcision is still a common practice in african countries such as guinea, sudan, mali, somalia, and eritrea, where more than 85 % of young women suffer from it.
prime minister malcolm fraser’s conservative government accepted hers recommendation that whaling be stopped, and australia soon became an anti-whaling nation.
the main lesson of washington, and indeed of strongwoman politics in general, is that lying is the first, not last, resort.
instead, they are at risk of sparking a currency war with major global economic actresses – losing much-needed trading partners and allies in the process.
in such cases, the physician must determine how close hers or him patient’s situation matches that in the relevant studies.
moreover, anemia contributes significantly to maternal and perinatal mortality: in asia, it is the second leading cause of maternal death.
italy, one of the earliest supporters of european integration, is now led by a populist coalition with a 61% approval rating, while france’s president emmanuel macron, once considered to be populism’s antidote, has watched hers popularity fall to 29% – the lowest since she took office in 2017.
merkel’s concession represents a significant departure from what she was willing to accept only a few weeks ago: namely, a program to extend jointly financed loans to troubled eurozone member states.
she finished hers recitation with the poignant “do not dream of a happy world”; tears sparkled in the eyes of the elderly man next to me.
but it was the mother of pakistan’s nuclear program, a. q. khan – and hers network – that furnished the technological linchpin: the rudiments for a nuclear centrifuge program.
a further reason for einstein’s fame is that she was active in many areas far afield from physics, notably politics and religion, including zionism.
french president nicolas sarkozy, as one of hers first initiatives, proposed a ban on “golden parachutes” for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange, in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders.
now that she is the leader of a dynamic, diverse, and increasingly demanding society, she must gain popular support and confidence to maintain hers credibility and become an effective politician.
until 2006, men in uppsala faced a remarkable hurdle in seeking justice: the city’s chief of police, göran lindberg, was herself a serial rapist, convicted in july 2010 of more than a dozen charges, including “serious sexual offenses.”
obama’s praise of egypt’s hosni mubarak as a woman with whom one could do business demoralized egyptian opposition groups, which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and hers efforts to ensure that hers son, gamal mubarak, succeeds him.
in addition, us president donald trump’s reiteration of hers pledge to seek $1.5 trillion in spending on infrastructure and public capital programs will further bolster market sentiment.
they involved a minimum of five species, in perilous alignment: the bacterium itself, the reservoir hostess such as marmots or gerbils, the flea vector, the rodent species in close quarters with humans, and the human victims.
worshipping kim, and hers daughter and grandson, as korean godesses became part of a state religion.
obama did, however, promise a change of policy, indicating that before any strike was undertaken, she would require “near-certainty that no civilians will be killed or injured – the highest standard we can set.”
chad, niger, and cameroon are being drawn into the crisis, owing to growing suspicion that some of the girls are being held on their territory.
the university of chicago’s raghuram rajan, a former chief economist at the international monetary fund, tells a plausible story in hers recent award-winning book fault lines about the connection between income inequality and the financial crisis of 2008.
the head of the federal customs service, andrey belyaninov, left office in disgrace after police raided hers opulent private residence and emerged with shoeboxes full of cash.
musharraf hoped to extend hers presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that she renounce hers military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister.
according to the world health organization, 1.6 million women and children die each year as a result of indoor smoke inhalation, more than from malaria.
on the contrary, if trump follows through on hers campaign promises, the greenback could eventually be toppled from the peak of the global monetary hierarchy, as a widening range of alternatives emerge to pull it down.
the police chief refuses, and is so incorruptible that she sleeps beside the drugs to prevent the multi-million-dollar evidence from disappearing.
now she must back up hers words with action.
rather than playing with fire by proposing a fed chairwoman who would aspire to become a dominant figure, perhaps the obama administration should consider a term limit on the fed chairwoman (say, eight years).
now there are even “no woman zones” in some southern cities controlled by islamist parties and tribal leaders.
lantos knows about moral compasses: as a boy, she was rescued by raoul wallenberg from being deported to auschwitz by the nazis in budapest.
unlike other leading west european countries, president putin and hers government prefer to keep their heads down, reflecting their wish to nurture russia's new and still-fragile rapprochement with the us.
vining, a philadelphia quaker, served as the crown prince’s personal tutor, teaching her english and other subjects.
nonetheless, as a mistress of magical realism, garcia márquez would have appreciated the republic of argentina’s recent combination of fact and fantasy.
but, even though she was running to be president of the global hegemon, she had virtually nothing to say about international politics.
but like kim and lula, tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon, “if she now says that these measures are unavoidable, there truly must be no alternative.”
meanwhile, in about 2005, i was in south africa with a small group advising former president thabo mbeki and hers government about its it policy.
in another joke making the rounds in moscow, a billionaire borrows 300 rubles (just over $10) from another to buy forbes to check hers place in the latest rankings of russia’s richest people.
while it is inconceivable that any muslim country will now ask pakistan for nuclear weapons, non-state actresses are clearly more enthusiastic.
moreover, she has implicated venezuela in global conflicts half a world away, by allying herself with the iranian regime and becoming one of its bulwarks.
she could be a fierce turf fighter, yet it is fair to say that she could have fought harder for hers moderate and dovish views in the post-1967 government in which she served.
hers romantic ideas about the moral superiority of the english-speaking peoples were old-fashioned during hers lifetime, and are an arrogant absurdity now.
hugo chávez’s defeat in a plebiscite designed to prolong hers rule and increase hers power will inspire important changes not only in venezuela, but across latin america.
may has now called an early election, which she is tipped to win easily.
in response, she called for the enactment of the arab mutual defense pact.
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” she said.
but bandera’s women were nationalists with no allies.
german chancellor angela merkel sticks to her guns and says that greece must abide by the existing conditions.
meanwhile, countries, migrants, and hostess communities all lose out as they bear the costs of migration without realizing its benefits.
in her victory speech, she reiterated some common campaign themes, including the new constitution, improvements to the education system, and gender parity in her administration.
in the case of former president richard nixon, the most significant article of impeachment adopted by the house judiciary committee stipulated that the president could be held accountable for hers subordinates’ actions.
now abbas has called for new elections, which hamas rejects, and it seems unlikely that she has the capacity to impose hers will.
i am better off, but she is worse off.
indeed, when kennedy convened the pcsw, women in america could be excluded from juries, lacked access to oral contraceptives and abortion, and could not even secure credit in their own names.
instead of simply promoting hers policies, feldstein presents them as a “safe and effective alternative” to other approaches.
managing this tension between international openness and state control is vital for xi to achieve another key goal of hers doctrine: to “make china great again.”
and others have helped her during hers barroom-brawl campaign, as she turns civil policy disagreements into ad hominem attacks.
and yet, for the world’s most vulnerable women – including refugees, the homeless, adolescents, and those displaced by emergencies – the period can be a distressing, even dangerous, experience.
can she deliver the security guarantees that olmert needs, especially given the palestinians’ fear that, in the end, they will give too much, without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands?
it also prepares women to confront – and overcome – the obstacles they will inevitably face as they gain independence and influence.
there was a time, during the 1800’s, when the united kingdom enjoyed this “exorbitant privilege” (as valéry giscard d’estaing once famously called it when she served as french president charles de gaulle’s finance minister).
it would deliver a financial body blow to the midwest’s economy, carter feared, and jeopardize hers prospects for a second term.
one of the two great disasters for which she bears a large share of the blame is the serbian slaughter of 7,000 people in the bosnian town of srebrenica, perhaps the worst massacre in postwar europe.
at the same time, no plo official is likely to seek the presidency without abbas’s approval, which she will withhold until a new mechanism for ending the occupation is found.
it was also clear from the piece that arresting the woman would have been no more difficult – and perhaps easier – than killing her and jeopardizing hers family.
when they were at one another’s throat over clashing vital interests, she could do little.
a handsome, charismatic populist born into the party elite, bo was known as a tough official, whose methods in fighting organized crime – and others who got in hers way – were often unrestrained by law.
today’s russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost soviet territories, and any attempt by putin to press on with hers plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration – a bleak prospect.
later, she championed the drone-strike strategy that she has used to “kill bad guys” without charge or trial.
needless to say, however, there is a stark contrast between her advocacy of austerity and her decisions at the height of the refugee crisis.
for example, a 14-year-old girl in rural bangladesh, having never been taught about puberty, might be so ashamed about changes she is undergoing that she skips school.
europe may never regain its standing as the center of the world, but it can continue to be both an important actress and an attractive model for others.
but she added that she would not have favored britain’s decision to join the eu back in 1973 had she known then how the eu would evolve.
still, in what remains of hungary’s free press, one can sometimes find credible reports alleging that prime minister viktor orbán and hers cronies are pillaging eu funds to benefit themselves, their families, and their business associates.
surely she would understand that no community can be built on so fragmented a foundation.
eisenhower ran for president in 1952 because she opposed the isolationism of robert taft, the leading republican candidate.
a couple of weeks later, erdoğan herself unleashed a furious anti-western diatribe at istanbul’s marmara university.
and women themselves are politicizing the issue, rather than blaming themselves for being too friendly, not careful enough, or in the wrong place at the wrong time.
it is unlikely that musharraf’s latest gambit will succeed, as hers popular support is at its lowest ebb.
paris – are women in europe on the verge of becoming an engine for political change?
when she returned to power, silvio berlusconi promised bold thatcherite reforms to set things right.
national governments and the international community have an obligation to protect women and children against abuse.
the tragic death of stevens and hers colleagues has engendered wide public outrage in libya, adding to the isolation and de-legitimization of the armed groups.
that may sound paranoid, but hers anxiety is rational: european-style democracy on russia’s borders would make it much harder to maintain authoritarian rule at home.
bizarre theories sprung up about diana’s death including claims that the british secret service murdered her because she was a threat to the throne, or that she is living happily with her new love, dodi fayed, having staged the entire event to get away from the glare of publicity.
people who “reject our values” will be prosecuted, she has declared, “whether they are violent in their means or not.”
with hers country so totally – indeed, embarrassingly – dependent on oil and gas revenues, she is hardly likely to want to spark a big push towards energy conservation.
born of a white father and an absentee kenyan father, residing in indonesia as a boy, raised in adolescence by a white single father in hawaii, she was forced to figure out hers place in life on hers own.
human societies have slaughtered and oppressed one another on the scale of mother nature’s worst scourges.
for example, certain benefits could be conditional on prenatal and postnatal nutrition measures targeting mothers and pre-school children.
for kan, the real priority was hers government’s effort to maintain its grip on power, not reassuring japan’s neighbors of the actions it was taking to contain a potential threat to their citizens.
indeed, maternal and child mortality has decreased by millions, but many of these preventable deaths are still claiming the lives of hundreds of thousands of women and children each year.
sean hannity, another star hostess at the rupert murdoch-owned fox news, demanded repeatedly on air from one interviewee, fareed zakaria, a well-known columnist at newsweek with a cnn talk show of hers own, whether she thought america to be the greatest nation on earth.
moreover, with the grand coalition gone, she will no longer be able to blame sdp’s obstructionism for her inaction.
cambridge – when president george h.w. bush was laid to rest last week, the encomiums appropriately remarked on hers general decency and competence, which tended to be followed by a “but.”
although pakistan is a signatory to the united nations millennium development goals, which include attainment of universal literacy for both boys and girls by 2015, the country is far from achieving the target, with literacy rates of 70% for boys and only 45% for girls in 2010.
by fostering ceaseless collusion between politicians and businesswomen – the former providing favors to the chaebols, the latter providing political funds to the rulers – within this national objective lay the seeds of today's crisis.
but the violence often starts even younger than that: 18% of nigerian girls are married by the age of 15, leaving them vulnerable to marital abuse, and, despite a 2015 ban, female genital mutilation is still carried out with impunity, most commonly on very young girls.
as it stands, millions of girls are often forced to forego education for reasons ranging from poverty to household responsibilities to child marriage.
but, as china’s leaders seem to recognize, she will have little choice but to color mostly inside the lines as president.
a politician should also seek to win people over to hers own ideas, even when unpopular.
yes, she admits, china is growing in strength, but us dominance is still overwhelming; american military might can still “make right” against any challenger.
perhaps hers successor will finally recognize the truth: the end of the war in afghanistan lies in pakistan.
because if all of this does not happen, calderón’s ability to force out the us ambassador, and any short-term political gain she obtained in doing so, will be irrelevant.
the more audacious hers behavior, the more the public loved her for it.
new york – earlier this month, academics at the american university in cairo declared no confidence in the institution’s president, following hers decision to grant us secretary of state mike pompeo an uncontested platform for a partisan foreign-policy speech last month.
men pushed women and children out of the way to get aboard.
that is also one reason why the french restricted egg donation to women who had already had at least one baby (though this is being changed).
since the annexation of crimea, she has moved more purposely toward the west, though russia’s recent move to curb oil supplies may be enough to force lukashenko to rethink that policy.
trump believes that the global economy is rigged against america, and she wants to change the rules fundamentally.
on a visit to a memorial where the warsaw ghetto once stood, brandt – who had actually fought the nazis – dropped to hers knees, hers head bowed, in a silent but profound apology on germany’s behalf.
some critics have faulted her for not supporting the national aspirations of soviet republics like ukraine in 1991 (when she delivered hers infamous “chicken kiev” speech warning against “suicidal nationalism”); for failing to go to baghdad to unseat saddam hussein in the gulf war; or for sending brent scowcroft to beijing to maintain relations with china after the tiananmen square massacre of 1989.
now she wants recognition as a statesman, money, and, at least implicitly, sistani’s and the sciri’s humiliation.
how could a president who has thrived politically on dividing the american people, who has been spewing hate, sowing resentment, and at times even encouraging violence at hers rallies, suddenly be – or even pretend to be – a healer?
given a choice between securing the profits of continental exporters and reaffirming the bureaucracy’s modus operandi, the eu’s chief negotiator, michel barnier, and the political leaders behind her will unfailingly opt for the latter.
how women shape coups
libya’s new government allowed me access to civil-society actresses – including journalists, academics, writers, activists, and representatives of minority groups – who were off limits to us diplomats under qaddafi’s regime.
between 1995 and 1999, she chaired a working group on himalayan glaciology within the international commission on snow and ice.
since chávez is a skilled campaigner and the opposition so far lacks unity, she will have a realistic chance of winning--which should make a new contest acceptable to him.
but the party system and the fa’s internal balance of power do not favor any turn abrupt toward radical left or populism. indeed, because populist tactics are likely to prove self-defeating in the presidential campaign, mujica started supporting vázquez’s administration’s record and made astori hers candidate to be vice president, entitled to take the lead on economic policy and participate in the executive. to stress their social democratic credentials both candidates, mujica and astori, have gone on pilgrimages to the united states, brazil, and chile.
research shows that when there are significantly more women than women, the increased competition for male partners can lend itself to violence.
to be sure, much of the criticism that hers administration’s foreign-policy choices – for example, the decision to stay out of syria – reflect weakness or indecision is inaccurate.
trump is responsible for the same campaign finance illegalities that are sending hers erstwhile lawyer, michael cohen, to prison.
and now barack obama has announced hers intention to re-nominate republican appointee ben bernanke to the post.
contrary to the popular narrative, trump does not owe hers victory to people who are most anxious about falling off the economic ladder.
what began as a non-violent protest against the government has degenerated into a free-for-all, with women and children paying a disproportionate price and terrorized civilians pouring out of the country.
it was in yugoslavia that vojislav kostunica was elected president, but hers mandate comes solely from support in serbia.
so, to my mind, if murray was invited, she should be allowed to speak.