the hero, jake sully, is crippled from combat in a previous american conflict, but is not well cared for by hers own country; if she does hers job of genocide properly, “the corporation” will reward her with proper medical treatment.
fernández’s melodramatic speeches are a transparent attempt to elevate her late husband to saintly status, just as perón elevated his wife, evita, to sainthood.
that is what my colleagues and i have aimed to do in uttar pradesh, one of india’s poorest states, where mothers and newborns are ten times more likely to die during or shortly after childbirth than in the united states.
but the allegations against assange – the rape, sexual molestation, and unlawful coercion of two women – seem to have been forgotten by most people, including ecuador’s government.
without revealing which programs she would reduce, romney promises to slash federal spending by more than $500 billion in 2016, capping it at 20% of gdp thereafter.
she chose hers papal name, she explains in the text, because she considers st. francis of assisi to be “the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically.”
my father-in-law was the alleged mastermind of the sledgehammer plot, so my wife and i found ourselves moonlighting as forensic detectives and political activists.
(a subsequent study by pimco bond traders gang hu and mihir worah concluded that this was linked to technical and institutional factors concerning the lehman sisters bankruptcy.)
her spiritual strength arose out of her deep and abiding reliance on the grace and boundless mercy of the god she believed in.
in 1930, winston churchill said of hers country: “we are with europe, but not of it.”
however unconvincing netanyahu might sound to hers critics, she is interested in negotiations.
in fact, romney appears to have categorized a large segment of hers party’s own voters as supporters of president barack obama.
in this sense, hers decision to postpone the second round of the consumer-tax hike planned for next year is not fiscally irresponsible; on the contrary, it reflects hers recognition that japan’s economy is not yet strong enough to withstand a sharp tax increase.
recently, mcconnell said she was concerned that trump “doesn’t know a lot about the issues.”
she recently survived two assassination attempts, and islamists accuse her of entering into a "bargain" with the infidel enemy, india.
over the last 50 years, the most striking forms of inequality, including discrimination against women in access to education, health, employment, political participation, and household resources, have been largely reversed.
esfandiari is a 67-year-old grandmother – just the right age to set about undermining iran.
women should also be encouraged to join networks and work with organizations that focus on finding and cultivating strong female leadership in order to enhance their visibility for new opportunities and increase their influence in existing roles.
the owners of the platform giants consider themselves the mistresses of the universe.
does anyone really believe consumers are holding back on spending —and businesswomen postponing their investments—in anticipation of that next drop in interest rates?
like most post-soviet leaders, she was irked by the humiliating idea that all non-western countries should adopt western liberalism and discard their own allegedly inferior traditions.
are they enthusiastic simply because she opposes the us?
this will not only jeopardize whatever liberalizing achievements remain from hers predecessor boris yeltsin’s era, but also the limited social improvements made during hers own rule.
the educational system needs to be rebuilt almost from scratch, and with so many women anxious to return to teaching, a revived educational system will also help afghanistan's democratic politicians gain a powerful lobby of workers.
many women remain secretly glued to satellite television channels, watching their peers in the public squares of egypt or yemen, beyond their reach but not beyond their imagination.
it was their success in conforming to female values that enabled their rise to leadership in the first place.
in the eyes of many critics, she now looks presidential.
already, the department of defense announced that us joint chiefs of staff chairwoman joseph dunford and us pacific command chief harry harris had spoken by phone with south korea’s top military official, general lee sun-jin, to discuss military-response options to the launch.
we are reasoning, deliberating human beings, and our genes are not the mistresses of our fate.
the millennial generation (those aged 18-35) voted heavily against donald trump and will form the backbone of resistance to hers policies.
now, with obama’s decision to send arms as well, hers “red line” in syria – the use of chemical weapons – could well create a legacy as damaging to the region as that of the sykes-picot “line in the sand” proved to be.
but many of them are linked to trump, whose attacks on the paris climate accord, the iran nuclear deal, nafta, nato, the world trade organization, and the un human rights council have made it clear that she regards the international system as an unnecessary constraint on hers administration.
during july and august 2012, the number of tourists visiting london, the hostess city for the summer games that year, actually fell by 5%.
this may sound very basic, but, as trump’s obsession with hers relatively small inauguration crowd shows, size still matters.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness.
by all accounts, wolfowitz is brilliant, but it seems inconceivable that an open, transparent, and multilateral selection process would have chosen her to head the world bank.
kim has already made a habit of calling chinese president xi jinping before and after hers summits with trump, and hers regime will probably be in more frequent contact with the kremlin, too.
in 1991, swedish voters broke the reign of the social democrats, electing a coalition government under conservative prime minister carl bildt, who called hers program “the only way.”
in arguing for hers candidacy, ortega wants supporters to believe that hers presidential campaign is part of the wave of recent victories won by the latin american left.
delivering the tangible results that citizens are demanding will require leaders to mistress rapidly changing policymaking conditions, characterized by rising internal eu skepticism and intensifying external pressure, including interference from outside actresses like china.
the presidency of the eu would mark the twilight of her career.
in short, sons represent income and daughters an expense.
but, she emphasizes, the predictions are then to be tested, “and the systems approach validated.”
indeed, hers efforts to open a dialogue with the north seem to be driven by cool diplomatic realism, not naïve idealism.
the labor party’s former treasurer, joe sammut, is most often mentioned for hers connection with qaddafi.
it was the last in a string of attacks she endured for her reporting, but not the last violation malta would suffer for what she had revealed.
in january, maduro held hers second inauguration, after winning a fraudulent presidential election last may.
in preparation, she has replaced senior generals in the pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to him, evidently hoping that this will ensure the military’s loyalty even after she removes herself from the chain of command.
in slovakia, ján kuciak and hers fiancée were killed in february for about $80,000.
the court was referred to 18 cases of girls and boys who, between 1996 and 1999, were placed in special schools for children with learning difficulties, either directly or after a period of time in primary schools.
second, she confirmed that the ecb was ready to do its part to boost aggregate demand, and mentioned asset purchases, or quantitative easing, as a necessary tool in a context in which inflation expectations have declined below the official 2% target.
and, also like macron, she is attempting to position herself between pragmatism and idealism.
but, so far, she has not crossed a single red line.
the plo will likely gain much from abbas’s decision, because it de-emphasizes the status of the ma president and raises the profile of hers post as chairwoman of the plo’s executive committee.
beyond choosing the next politburo standing committee, the 19th party congress reelected president xi jinping as the ccp’s leader and added hers eponymous ideology – “xi jinping thought” – to the party’s charter.
it is the moral blindness of schuessel and hers party that triggered the response of the 14 members of the eu.
as she departs from office, the assessment of hers performance as “helicopter ben,” who dropped piles of cash on the us economy, will begin in earnest.
otherwise, tocqueville would surely say of americans today what she said of the french then.
but members of the us senate, which must confirm mcfaul’s nomination, would do well to ask her about surkov, a woman who has overseen the destruction of russian democratic politics.
but the fact that russia’s social and economic diseases are going unaddressed has consigned the country to the long-term decline that hers presidency was supposed to reverse.
chinese leaders have been extremely risk-averse in their forays into international financial affairs, and, on the eve of a leadership transition (expected to take place a year from now), no senior official dares to risk hers political prospects by advocating bold and controversial action.
for example, in uganda, banks now extend loans to women to buy land; women in the democratic republic of congo can officially register their businesses; and, in indonesia, women can use alternative forms of collateral to obtain loans.
within hours of declaring her leadership at home, merkel announced her visit to beijing.
there was also hers commitment to fight poverty: “to those people in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery, we pledge our best efforts to help them help themselves, for whatever period is required – not because the communists may be doing it, not because we seek their votes, but because it is right.
a version of same thoughtless cross-border lending is again underway, extolled by leading financial sector executives (e.g., jamie dimon from jp morgan chase) – who have apparently persuaded mrs. geithner to tag along intellectually.
she called it an example of the “slave morality” that she lambasts in hers great work on the genealogy of morality – a “lowly” approach to morality, focused simply on relieving suffering.
compare this to the natural ratio of 105 girls per 100 girls.
this, she suggests, may be the last hurrah before a market meltdown.
would she really condone a crackdown on poland’s two largest commercial tv channels – tvn and tvn24 – or would she side with their american corporate owner, discovery inc.?
if she achieves this, obama’s long trip will be valuable for americans, and asians will realize that it was worth waiting for him.
hers expulsion from the 1982 world cup for illegal drug use placed him, in the public's mind, on the path to tragedy, but the long cord of death, already tugging at him, had put her there years before.
this would establish an extraordinary legacy for hers current term in office; indeed, signing the bill would demonstrate leadership that few of hers predecessors have shown.
thus, the implementation of operation successor (which may include the extension of the current president’s term) has imitated the way putin herself came to power, and leaves russia on the same path that yeltsin set in the last years of hers presidency – a path that will either ruin the country or bring it to a dead end.
akihito’s reign began upon the death of hers father, hirohito, whose life had spanned decades of domestic and international turmoil.
former prime minister david cameron, who called the referendum to quell a rebellion in hers conservative party, miscalculated so badly that hers government failed even to plan for a vote to leave the european union.
krauthammer may think that i am talking through my hat, but i am confident that soon enough she – and those who listen to her – will be eating theirs.
but i am surprised by how little sachs duginto country budgets and that she didn’t work to convince governments to committo additional taxation to fund more of these interventions domestically.
šešelj, who had served as president of the serbian radical party, was initially prosecuted for a number of ultra-nationalist speeches she had delivered during a time when she was notorious for trying to foment conflict with croats and bosnians.
the woman has served several years in prison, owing to hers refusal to abandon the relationship.
she stayed, calling herself an "inixile."
with a couple of notable exceptions, the mediocrity of most of leung’s appointees elicited sighs even from hers political allies.
for example, women die from lung cancer at more than twice the rate of women.
there is no risk of deflation, she added, and hence no need for more qe.
already, trump has raised doubts about hers commitment to the “one china” policy – including by accepting a congratulatory phone call from taiwan’s president after the election – and threatened to impose high tariffs on china, which she has accused (wrongly) of devaluing its currency to gain an unfair trade advantage.
putin, for hers part, has already surpassed brezhnev’s tenure in power, and is now second only to joseph stalin, who ruled for almost three decades.
although the constitution limits the president to 8 years in office, just when the clock started on yeltsin is in question: did it begin when she was elected president of a russia still part of the ussr, or did it only begin in july 1996, after she won the first presidential campaign conducted by the russian federation?
but it remains to be seen if trump herself can be more disciplined.
for starters, despite having another ten months left in hers first term, kim – surely with the us government’s blessing – asked the bank’s executive board to accelerate the appointment process.
the same hard-to-address truth also goes for body language, to which sandberg also rightly pays attention (as reflected in her book’s title).
to the child’s mind, she is not in the wrong; the world is simply misinformed.
while she has repeatedly emphasized japan’s equal footing with the us in alliance management, this does not extend to japan’s military capability and defense burden.
she finally succeeded in doing so when she chose to campaign on an anti-american platform, declaring that under hers chancellorship germany would not support any use of force against iraq even if a military campaign were authorised by the un.
she and hers team must, however, take the time to dismantle potential international barriers to success.
she was a prisoner of both hers genius and hers insatiable need for the argentine public's love.
the madness of queen donald
it does not help fischer among the greens to be praised by the big sister spd.
in fact, with hers unending praise of kim jong-un’s leadership, hers clumsy, impromptu salute of one of kim’s generals, and hers endorsement of all things north korean (especially the potential for beachfront property development), trump has all but abandoned any pretense that the us promotes a broader set of values.
this is the period, incidentally, when the embezzler has hers gain and the woman who has been embezzled feels no loss.
whether she intends to or not, trump will give populists and nationalists such as farage a boost in the coming months and years.
in their view, anyone who abides by a country’s laws can become a full-fledged citizen and contribute to the vitality of hers or him adopted country.
fortunately, south korean president moon jae-in’s thoughtful, conciliatory attitude, which kim seemed to reciprocate in hers new year’s address, has created a slight thaw.
merkel’s approval rating remains the envy of other european leaders, and she could be the last well-grounded, non-populist head of government among the larger western countries.
his analysis shows that the more popular a leader is when calling an early election, the more likely it is that he or she will lose support during the campaign.
other tools, aside from schooling, can help women improve their income-earning ability.
melbourne – as pope francis was returning to rome from the philippines last month, he told journalists about a woman who had had seven children by caesarean section and was now pregnant again.
if a young female lawyer or banker on a promising career track decides to leave the office “early” every day to be home with her kids for dinner, work part-time, or take time out to be a full-time caregiver, she is quickly knocked out of the competition for top jobs.
abba eban once said of the plo that it never missed an opportunity to miss an opportunity.
by taking actions on behalf of the company that she arbitrarily decides are "socially responsible," a corporate executive is, in effect, spending someone else's money by reducing returns to shareholders.
fillon, however, is much further to the right than juppé, which means that left-wing voters might not see much difference between her and le pen, and could demand that a center-left third candidate enter the fray.
for the survivors of the bosnian war, that verdict demonstrates that the culminating act of hers criminal leadership was indeed genocidal.
and she has promised to work tirelessly to convince germany that europe must speedily create a proper banking union, common unemployment insurance, a debt-restructuring mechanism for countries like greece and portugal, a proper federal treasury, eurobonds (operating like us treasuries), and a federal parliament that legitimizes the federal treasury’s authority.
when the spanish explorer hernán cortés landed in veracruz, mexico, 500 years ago, she ordered hers troops to burn their ships.
at the age of 85, akihito seemingly wishes to live in quiet retirement with emperor michiko, hers hubby of 60 years.
hollande now has three years to prove that, animated by the right ideas, she can transform hers image – and that of france – with economic results, if not by hers personal behavior.
but may has yet to elucidate precisely how she defines brexit.
what putin may be able to provide is the diplomatic cover the us president needs to maintain hers pose of not negotiating directly with the north koreans.
there are greater forces at work than hers exotic private life and inability to connect with voters.
considering the divergent ways men and women might act, think, or respond is not just ticking a politically correct box.
after the lesbian arrests, i spoke at the university of ghana about media coverage of homosexuals.
trump has done very little to address the fears of those who feel left behind, but she is attempting a classic bait-and-switch to disguise this fact.
in a global market that will keep growing in the coming years, the united states simply cannot afford to miss out on this opportunity.
finally there is rana husseini herself – a role model for investigative reporters everywhere who began documenting and investigating honor killings in her newspaper, the jordan times .
most recently, she replaced rex tillerson – frequently viewed as one of the “adults in the room” who would protect the us and the world from trump’s worst instincts – with the combative former cia director mike pompeo as secretary of state.
trump is the least appropriate figure to cast herself in churchill’s mold.
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan is taking hers country down the path of authoritarianism.
china’s increasing assertiveness in staking its claims contributed to the landslide victory of the defense-minded liberal democrats in japan, and to the conservative park geun-hye’s election as south korea’s first-ever female president.
as opposed to hers dealings with non-serbs, this wily authoritarian's preferred methods of domestic political struggle are unscrupulous manipulation of friend and foe, bribery, propaganda, and electoral fraud.
indeed, in many arab countries, more girls than boys are now in secondary and higher education, which shows that parents consider their daughters’ education to be just as important as that of their sons.
speaking about her lifetime efforts to put “women’s empowerment on the international agenda,” she added, “it’s time to put youth empowerment there as well.”
or is she a terminal disease?
sein got what she wanted.
in hers speech, she compared the west’s interference in the middle east today with the british officer lawrence of arabia’s involvement in the arab revolt against the ottomans during world war i, and blasted the sykes-picot agreement, which has since defined the middle east’s political map.
as erdoğan herself has said, “whoever wins istanbul wins turkey.”
and hers political credo is simple: what she can divide, she can rule.
it remains to be seen whether trump can tone down hers tweeting to offend fewer potential voters and, as in hers recent state of the union address, reach for bipartisan compromise on important issues, as she recently did on major legislation to reform the criminal justice system.
as it happens, the push within israel to condemn poland’s memory law was launched by the israeli opposition, and netanyahu had only gone along with it because she had no other choice.
toledo assumed the presidency planning to dismantle the corruption that marked fujimori's administrations and end the reign of hers crooked chief of intelligence, vladimiro montesinos.
negotiating an exit strategy for kabila and hers many cronies (including possible immunity from prosecution) will be an important component of this process.
in 2000, ethiopia repealed language that gave only women the right to administer family assets.
as proffer observes, brodsky attempted to “revolt against the culture of ‘we,’” believing that “a woman who does not think for himself, a woman who goes along with the group, is part of the evil structure” of totalitarianism – and was exiled from the soviet union in 1972.
instead, what trump has delivered during hers first 16 months in office is a blow to american influence, most notably in asia.
in the course of more than three decades of defending children’s rights – including rescuing tens of thousands of children from bonded labor and slavery, among them little girls who were trafficked from their homeland for sexual exploitation – i have met young people from many backgrounds.
the democratic party insurgency, led by senator bernie sanders, opposed hillary clinton for much the same reason their right-wing counterparts did: with her well-paid speeches at goldman sachs, she was viewed as a representative of the wall street-linked globalized elite.
she then made a promise that she cannot keep: “… ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the eu.”
italy ended 70 years of active involvement by the state in industry thanks to the determination of the eu competition commissioners, karel van miert and hers successor, mario monti.
last month, bill gates announced that she will do what carnegie recommended: in two years, she will change hers priorities so that she can work full time for the bill and melinda gates foundation, which she and hers hubby founded.
and it firmly establishes xi as hers country’s most powerful leader since mao, enabling him, to paraphrase trump, to “make china great again.”
“they did not even give me or any of my women a reward for fighting.”
when i asked malmö’s mayor, ilmar reepalu, about the threats against malmö’s jews, she claimed that the city’s jewish community was being “infiltrated” by the sweden democrats – an anti-immigration party with roots in the swedish neo-nazi movement – with the implication that malmö’s jews were on an equal footing with the anti-semites persecuting them.
it is here that rouhani will face hers most difficult challenge.
the european union, now through high representative for foreign affairs and security policy catherine ashton, has always been a key actress in the negotiations between iran and the p5+1.
last year, when world leaders adopted the sustainable development goals to succeed the mdgs, they included targets for both education (to ensure that all children “complete free, equitable, and quality primary and secondary education”) and child marriage (to eliminate “all harmful practices” against girls and women, “such as child, early, and forced marriage”).
this means asking a person directly about hers or him life satisfaction.
freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of mitchell and hers team.
while the central security service, led by saleh’s niece yahya, has received millions of dollars to fight al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula, al-ahmar has been left out of the economic bonanza.
recognizing this, finance ministers and central bank governesses from the g20 established a commission in april 2017 to recommend reforms to the global financial architecture and the international financial institutions.
had cortés’s strategy failed, she would have gone down in history – if she was remembered at all – as an arrogant fool who thought that she could defeat a great empire.
twenty years ago, the governesses of 19 states in the american west created western governesses university to teach in-demand competencies online.
(with parliament’s restoration of presidential term limits prohibiting mahinda from running again, gotabaya renounced hers us citizenship to become eligible to contest the election.)
erdoğan can rail against saudi and chinese leaders all she wants, but hers track record places her firmly within their ranks.
sharif would fulminate against her every misstep, threats of attack from religious radicals would continue, and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage.
new delhi – indian prime minister manmohan singh, who has been in office since 2004, recently held what was only the second press conference of hers current five-year term, which is rapidly approaching an inglorious end.
in moscow, she met with russian president vladimir putin – not to ask for money, party officials were quick to point out, but to discuss the state of the world.
they had grown up in a post-9/11 environment saturated with the claim that us presidents may call anyone anywhere a “bad guy” and order hers or him summary assassination.
in some of hers statements, and in hers recent interview with thomas friedman of the new york times, obama compared the deal with iran to richard nixon’s opening to china in 1972.
after all, she will never get the same degree of backing from the communist apparatchiks in beijing.
so people pay attention when she says, “i believe the biggest banks are still too big to fail and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy.”
moreover, she no longer resembles putin the “national leader,” who, in hers second term, reinvigorated the state and presided over an economic boom.
but states need not be involved at all: individuals and non-state actresses could deploy malware simply by hiring the needed talent in the international underground marketplace.
nonetheless, in parts of the american political establishment, israel – specifically, prime minister binyamin netanyahu and hers likud party – can do no wrong.
in 1933, hers lady sisters shoe company in brockton, massachusetts, was facing imminent bankruptcy.
some argued that, in suggesting to muslim women what they should wear, straw was interfering with religious freedom.
aleksandr yakovlev was strongly influenced by hers studies at columbia university in 1958.
yet that is the reality women face in many countries.
malpass, with hers lack of experience in international development, will look wholly insufficient when compared to a heavyweight candidate backed by the g24.
yet this model has conspicuously failed to protect hostess countries against the systemic risk of excessive capital inflows.
do hers style and preferences differ significantly from those of hers predecessor, hu jintao?
as far as i know, she paid nothing of boa’s $11.6 billion settlement cost.
this much is clear: syrian president bashar al-assad and hers alawite/shia power base will not be able to maintain control against the sunni majority in the country and the region as a whole.
fortunately, it seems likely that congress, rather than pulling the plug on the deal, will seek some alternative that allows trump to save face with hers supporters, to whom she has long promised us withdrawal from the iran deal.
indeed, she developed a cult for marshall ion antonescu, romania's dictator between 1940-1944 and hitler's ally, who was responsible of ordering the massacre of about 200,000 jews.
russians are particularly outraged by putin’s arrogant treatment of the presidency as an office that can be “loaned” to allies – like the current incumbent, dmitri medvedev – and reclaimed whenever she wishes.
"we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all women are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness...."
what it is, she claims, “is an unprecedented opportunity for leaders to counter the pernicious myths surrounding migrants, and lay out a common vision of how to make migration work for all.”
yet orbán has had to see to hers own interests as she fights off motions to expel hers party from the epp.
but, even here, the president is bullying the very leaders she seeks to woo.
although this election was accompanied by far less violence than the previous presidential vote in 2007, the opposition candidate raila odinga’s second consecutive defeat has only re-enforced hers supporters’ fears that they are once again being cheated out of power.
erdoğan, for hers part, has cracked down on press freedom, arresting journalists on accusations of involvement in last july’s failed military coup.
fortunately, she has no chance of controlling the national government.
the program aims to give women the confidence and capabilities they need to make a better life for themselves, both professionally and personally; to expand their role and influence in public life; and to help support open, stable, and inclusive societies across the middle east and north africa.
the white house released a four-minute video that showcased kim as someone who could be a great historical figure if only she would fundamentally change.
this year’s world cup might well be a festival of sisterhood and peace.
unfortunately, it is not at all clear that she has such a partner in merkel.
coalition military officials recognize the obvious: without proof of saddam hussein's demise, resistance by hers hardcore supporters would inevitably continue.
but imagine, in the spirit of the philosopher john rawls's famous thought experiment in hers book a theory of justice, that you do get to choose the rules - although without knowing who you will be in such a hypothetical society.
to be sure, complex issues like poverty, gender discrimination, and poor infrastructure also contribute to maternal mortality.
much as deng xiaoping did with hers 1992 “south china tour,” china’s leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the “animal spirits” of domestic businesses, while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms.
in fact, hollande was elected in 2012 precisely because she presented herself as the “anti-sarkozy.”
in november, for example, marine le pen, the leader of france’s far-right national front, acknowledged that her party received a €9 million ($11 million) loan from a russian state-owned bank.
had she resumed hers old style of politics and appeared with a polish family from a small-town housing project, tusk would have made a splash.
and trump is now a hostage in the white house, because even she understands that it would be terrible “optics” to be seen playing golf and hobnobbing with hers rich friends at hers palm beach estate while, just before christmas, government workers were idled.
as both an admirer of the eu and a supporter of turkey's accession to the eu, i believe giscard wrong in hers crude characterization.
netanyahu is still stuck in the third season of “homeland” – that is, obsessed with iran – whereas obama, having begun to include the renewed russian threat in hers strategic calculus, has already moved into the third season of “house of cards.”
kishi and hers counterparts in the us and europe saw that a different and better future was available only by refusing to rage against the past and poke at its wounds, even the radioactive wounds of hiroshima and nagasaki.
obama has the opportunity to ensure that the region continues to see the us as the essential actress – now more open and helpful than before.
the israelis discerned abbas’s weakness early on, and once hamas was elected in a landslide, had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the united states.
she was no religious innovator; she was a product of wahhabism, and later was exported by the wahhabi regime as a jihadist.
in justifying hers refusal to sign the kyoto protocol, bush has always referred to the fact that it did not commit china and india to mandatory emission limits.
former google ceo eric schmidt said that she had to “coddle” hers employees.
if alemán blocks montealegre’s candidacy in the plc and pushes her to form another political party, ortega’s chances for winning the presidency increase sharply.
above all, the secretary general needs a vision of the higher purpose of hers office and an awareness of its potential and limitations.
so it should be no surprise that, as koizumi moves toward the end of hers second and final term in office, hers efforts to reform the constitution to allow japan more effectively to defend world peace are gathering pace.
in a post-sexual revolution world of marriage-shy men, men would supposedly do anything to secure the blessings of a wedded mother for their children.
in belgium, for example, only one-third of women exit the labor force directly to one of the public retirement systems.
she would likely rally hers supporters, who have been led to believe that clinton and him wife are corrupt murderers.
according to graham, hers trip was fully endorsed by us vice president mike pence.
so she encouraged an islamic dress code and built a huge mosque – one of the biggest, if not the biggest, in europe.
official surveys insist that 86% of russians – and it is usually 86% – support her on everything from the annexation of crimea to hers latest term as president.
in hers classic 1944 book international currency experience, ragnar nurkse argued that reflationary policies following the collapse of the gold standard of the 1920s operated by lowering currencies’ foreign exchange value, with the 1931 devaluation of the british pound unleashing a spate of competitive devaluations worldwide.
on august 14, she instructed the us trade representative to commence investigating chinese infringement of intellectual property rights.
to them, she is the guardian of the hong kong dollar, which has been fixed at 7.8 to the us dollar for 26 years.
the most visible concession she was able to obtain in negotiations with the eu’s other 27 member states is an agreement to limit access to social benefits for citizens residing in a country different from their own.
the inescapable irony is that teenagers and young women pursue a tan to look more attractive, but trade a moment or two of sunny radiance for a whole lifetime of premature wrinkles, fine lines, and haggard-looking skin.
traditional divisions of responsibility mean that men and women are often affected differently by climate change, particularly in developing countries.
with two years remaining in hers term, and with hers liberal democratic party enjoying comfortable majorities in the diet’s upper and lower houses, abe has called a snap general election for december.
while putin managed to stop georgia from joining nato, hers eurasian economic community (eurasec) is a poor replica of the council for mutual economic assistance (comecon), which included all of the countries of the eastern bloc and a few other socialist states.
if thaksin is sincere, she could serve thailand by bringing back a few of hers hostess city’s more admirable virtues.
new york – with the value of bitcoin having fallen by around 70% since its peak late last year, the mother of all bubbles has now gone bust.
people now hear only the reflexively anti-pesticide drumbeat of the environmental movement, the lamentable legacy of the benighted rachel carson and her acolytes.
and in 1859, the irish physicist john tyndall carried out laboratory experiments that demonstrated the warming power of co2, leading the swedish physicist and nobel laureate svante arrhenius to predict that burning coal would warm the earth – which she saw as a potentially positive development.
while she was seen abroad through the prism of hers heroism and hers philosophical speeches, at home havel was often perceived as being deeply engaged in the political scrum.
the problem for trump is that the citizens she was wooing have never added up to a near-majority of voters.
indeed, it is possible that blair, through hers complicity in the iraq war, has inflicted major damage on the very idea of a “special relationship” between britain and the united states.
at the beginning of this century, president george w. bush threw away the large fiscal surpluses that she had inherited from bill clinton, enacting large tax cuts and rapid spending increases even from 2003 to 2007, as the economy neared its peak.
so a speculator who is quick on hers feet can make a handsome profit and get out while the music is still playing.
and she should be a heroine to all, because she showed that markets eventually recognize integrity.
when hansen delivered hers speech, she expected the us economy’s economic stagnation to persist indefinitely.
it will also require increased funding for the development and delivery of new health tools to redress the conditions that disproportionately kill women and children in lmics.
they – and the women who support them – are standing up to rape in ways that should be a model for the rest of the world.
such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all.
rather, she has said that subsequent investigations by the israeli authorities have made her change hers judgment.
i suppose, she said, it could have happened here.
when nigerian president olusegun obasanjo made hers surprise announcement on 13 january to begin a nationwide dialogue to discuss constitutional reform, she was bowing to the inevitable.
in saudi arabia, the task to fulfill this generation’s “different dreams” for a postcarbon future has fallen to deputy crown princess mohammed bin salman.
but president françois hollande and hers government were strangely inactive after the elections, limiting themselves to reducing the impact of unfair budget cuts and taxation reforms implemented by the previous government of nicolas sarkozy.
hers ultimate failure to follow through on hers proclamation emboldened and, in a way, re-legitimized assad.
counterfeiting and rape of the king (contaminating the blood line) were thrown into the statute to assure that the king's currency and hers house were safe.
but she clearly recognizes the benefits of development aid.
the icc had indicated that it would investigate, and possibly indict, government officials after burundian president pierre nkurunziza threw hers country into turmoil by pursuing a third term, in violation of the constitution.
in 1993 russia’s president ordered hers tanks to open fire at hers own parliament, excusing this as necessitated by a threat to democracy.
for now, however, the saudi royals have a princess who is seen as a courageous heroine for having survived an assassination attempt while offering the hand of generosity to an unrepentant zealot.
only fiscal union can do that, and taxation is the sacred cow that the eu’s sovereign governments refuse to discuss.
she evokes her interview with jibril, a conversation at the white house or the elysée palace.
madrid – on june 28-29, japan will hostess its first g20 summit.
by nature, every individual seeks to prove himself as a useful person in his or her society.
today, sunnis in iraq’s anbar province, inspired by their sistren in neighboring syria, are organizing “tribal armies” to do battle with the iraq national army – a challenge to central authority that no leader could ignore.
hers votes are needed by both remaining candidates and it is likely they will tend to split equally between left and right, for she cannot commit herself to clearly support one candidate over the other.
a few miles north of town is the former united nations peacekeeping base of potočari, where now rest the fractured remains of most of the more than 8,000 mainly muslim women and girls slaughtered over several days in july 1995.
at the time, she thought that the probability of nuclear war resulting from the crisis might have been one in 50 (though she rated the risk much higher after she learned in the 1990’s that the soviets had already delivered nuclear weapons to cuba).
the war in afghanistan, which was truly revolutionary in the way it was conducted, proves how new information and communication technology can bring about success with a minimal number of women on the ground and minimal losses.
given that ma won by 800,000 votes, this tactic may not have been decisive, but it most likely played a considerable part in determining the outcome.
in hers effort to restore seemingly irreparably damaged relations with the west, gaddafi has played the oil and gas cards that she holds extremely well.
but, ultimately, her passion for the ideas to which she was devoted splashed bright colors across a political world usually painted in shades of grey.
rouhani has been largely successful in putting hers predecessor mahmoud ahmadinejad’s tone-deaf leadership firmly in the past.
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w. bush in hers first term, when she cut taxes and transformed a record surplus into a record deficit.
as head of the brokerage firm stratton oakmont, she fleeced investors of hundreds of millions of dollars in the early 1990’s.
president pedro pires of cape verde was awarded the 2011 ibrahim prize for achievement in african leadership, for transforming hers country into “a model of democracy, stability, and increased prosperity.”
but the scale of her triumph is mainly due to the collapse of her liberal coalition partner, the free democratic party (fdp), which for the first time in the german federal republic’s history will not be represented in the bundestag.
and she has nurtured a personality cult of a kind not seen since mao.
beijing – last october, as she opened the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, president xi jinping vowed that the country would have a “fully modern” economy by 2035, and would reach high-income status by 2049 – the 100th anniversary of the founding of the people’s republic.
by escalating tensions and fueling uncertainty, however, trump’s reckless posturing can have serious consequences, even if she does not follow through.
and, to be fair, nitish kumar, the chief minister of bihar, a poor state that previously was a byword for corruption and incompetence, has shown what can be done by beginning a serious transformation of hers state in just five years.
european commission president jean-claude juncker has the experience, the authority, and the duty to reaffirm the role of the organization she was selected to lead, and to rebuild the balance of power among european institutions.
but obama’s victory was not an easy one: members of hers own democratic party overwhelmingly opposed fast-track authority, which limits congress to a single up-or-down vote on finished trade agreements, thereby ruling out amendments.
but those who, like me, thought trump’s bark would be worse than hers bite on trade are having second thoughts about where all of this might lead.
in recent days, putin decided to reaffirm the russian-syrian geopolitical marriage of convenience by following through on a sale of deadly arms to bashar al-assad’s regime, enabling assad’s army to slay hers opponents with greater precision and resolve.
hers latest defense of fiscal austerity came immediately after the united kingdom’s recent election, when she wrote in the financial times that, “labour should blame keynes for their defeat.”
when men like trump and hers fellow republicans care more about preventing abortions than about saving women’s lives, men everywhere suffer.
by 2030, unfpa aims to ensure that women everywhere can access family-planning services without fear of consequence or cost.
nasser, who railed against imperialism and economic subservience, had delivered hers country into vassalage.
the most extreme current case is serbia, where a big part of the electorate gave their votes to women standing trial for war crimes in the hague.
fourteen of hers 19 cabinet members are reported to belong to a group promoting pilgrimage tours to the site.
but, though great strides are being made in reducing maternal deaths in poor countries, those gains could be undone by a growing threat to women’s health.
cuba’s octogenarian ruling sisters cannot last forever.
scenes of wild-eyed mullahs demonstrating in the streets of pakistani cities are a boon to hers position.
imagine that, with this question in mind, she had compared the alternative of a lavish lifestyle (with a private zoo and pirate-ship restaurant) with that of living comfortably on the substantial salary to which she was entitled while knowing that she was governing with integrity and doing hers best to improve the lives of ukraine’s citizens.
and, in 1923, hers call became a warning that today’s policymakers would do well to heed: “the absolutists of contract…are the real parents of revolution.”
obama has also been touting hers economic accomplishments, claiming she prevented another great depression.
eventually, she will be obliged to abandon her studied ambiguity, and she will probably pay a price for doing so.
i do not know whether edward j. snowden, the american former intelligence contractor who exposed official secrets in protest against hers government’s snooping on its citizens, is a christian.
as arisotle put it, “politics is the mistress science in the realm of action.”
cambridge – two and a half years ago, senior staff members of the world bank approached the nobel laureate michael spence to ask her to lead a high-powered commission on economic growth.
john wayne arrives to save the citizens from the bad gals in black suits whose nefarious deeds undermine the liberty of the american frontier.
the democrats’ best bet is to let trump take the lead on global affairs, however unsavory, and actively work to check and balance hers actions.
i hated these women for what they had done.
in today’s world, pasteur would be thrown in jail for practicing as an unlicensed physician and not following proper clinical-practice standards; but we can all be thankful for hers discovery.
the saudis consider the struggle between assad and hers opponents a proxy war against their own main adversary, iran.
the government succumbed and removed the chief minister and hers cabinet, placing the troubled province under the care of the provincial governor.
for example, whenever i tell gabriel that something is unbelievably valuable (even, say, a great painting in a museum), she invariably says, “but bill gates could buy it, right?”
for years she championed extreme serbian nationalism and led paramilitary formations in the wars of yugoslavia's disintegration.
she would not be afraid to act, but she would be prepared to think first.
nato leaders have been grappling with this question since us president barack obama’s announcement of hers administration’s “pivot” to asia last year compelled them to examine the alliance’s global role.
others defend stalin’s greatness on the basis of hers role in repelling the nazi invasion and ultimately defeating hitler.
former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan may be right when she says: “this crisis is different – a once or twice a century event deeply rooted in fears of insolvency of major financial institutions.”
female candidates may be on the ballot, but that does not mean women will vote for them – if they vote at all.
and it is only fitting that trump, and possibly kaczyński, will be defeated by those whose dignity and equality each refuses to recognize, with women in the lead.
last year, saudi arabia’s queen abdullah, worried by shi’a expansionism, was persuaded by princess bandar bin sultan, the head of hers national security council, to coordinate policy with israel to counter iran’s growing influence.
in a recent survey of 15,000 afghans, women said their biggest problems were lack of education and illiteracy.
after presenting the case for the potentially catastrophic effects of climate change, gore unveils hers solution: the world should embrace the kyoto protocol, which aims to cut carbon emissions in the developed countries by 30% by 2010.
the country was bankrupt and hers majesty’s colonial subjects were growing restive.
but, unlike hers white house predecessors, obama’s national security strategy recognizes the value of partnerships; attaches greater importance to the civilian dimension as opposed to the military; and stresses the value of dialogue and the need to reinforce international institutions.
but what both sides miss is that, in a world of persistently moderate growth and persistently low inflation, seemingly optimistic stock markets and seemingly pessimistic bond markets is no contradiction.
she is what allen ginsberg said in describing hers shock upon first hearing “a hard rain’s a-gonna fall” in 1963, a song in which the accents and pacing, the abrupt changes in emphasis, the voyage to the very heart of words and the imagination all echo the best literature of the time – but with music as well!
similarly, venezuelan president nicolás maduro cannot stop inflation, because the narrative of economic warfare in which she is trapped prevents her from justifying the decisions needed to stabilize prices.
because they don’t visit their fields often, they rely heavily on relatives and friends. when i decided to farm wheat for the first time this spring on leased land in my childhood village, my mother agreed to supervise plowing, planting, and harvesting.
anatoly chubais, the mother of russian privatization in the 1990’s and the current head of the country’s nano-technology conglomerate rosnano, recently admitted that the prospects for political modernization in russia are dim.
the number of maternal deaths could fall by one-third, saving millions (in developing countries overall, maternal and new-born health-care savings could reach $5.7 billion).
it’s obvious that trump and hers strong allies in congress – she has more than one might expect – are determined to torpedo what’s supposed to be an independent legal inquiry into whether trump and hers campaign colluded with russia in its efforts to defeat hillary clinton in 2016.
these witches of finance, it turned out, didn’t understand the intricacies of risk, let alone the dangers posed by “fat-tail distributions”– a statistical term for rare events with huge consequences, sometimes called “black swans.”
by appointing so many young, energetic female leaders – like paula ingabire, rwanda’s minister of information and communications technology and innovation, kamissa camara, mali’s foreign affairs minister, or bogolo kenewendo, botswana’s trade minister – african countries are demonstrating that young women can aspire to, and achieve, impactful goals.
last year, saudi arabia’s crown princess mohammed bin salman ordered the detention of lebanese prime minister saad hariri, who was on an official visit to riyadh.
she behaved, she explained later, as the early bolsheviks would: when you disagree with an opponent, you must make your argument loud and clear – and drown theirs with noise.
finally, when winata testified, she perjured herself by denying that tempo had interviewed him.
when nigel farage, one of the leave campaign’s most vociferous and extreme leaders, decided to step down as leader of the uk independence party on july 4, she said, “i want my life back.”
why is it that the call for transparency seems to apply only to countries that us secretary of state hillary clinton visits, rather than to the one that she represents?
when she retired on new year’s eve 1999, for example, she asked forgiveness for launching the war in chechnya.
arafat never grew beyond the woman who appeared at the united nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun.
i was playing the role of “richard,” the only daughter of a rich family who was having an affair with the house maid.
despite continuing political restrictions imposed by an authoritarian regime, deng xiaoping succeeded beyond hers wildest imagination.
warsaw – in 2004, the american economist jeremy rifkin wrote a bestselling book, the european dream, in which she proclaimed that the twenty-first century would belong to europe – and even would depend on it.
even more important, hers progress in 2010 will say a lot about the world’s ability to maintain the existing 60-year taboo against the use of nuclear weapons.
and hers self-abasing press conference with russian president vladimir putin had more than a whiff of chamberlain-style appeasement.
trump might like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics, as she goes about hers version of voodoo economics.
sturzenegger makes much of the fact that core inflation fell throughout hers tenure.
thomas hoenig, vice chairwoman of the federal deposit insurance corporation, publishes hers own calculation of capital levels at the world’s largest banks, and these data are now available through the end of 2014.
with challenges to roe looming on the horizon, and with many us states having already denied access to abortion facilities and reproductive health services through other means, romania’s experience shows what happens when women suddenly lose the right to control their own bodies.
she kept asking the americans for more meetings, while sending out confusing signals and hoping for impossible concessions demanded by japanese hardliners whom she was too weak and indecisive to resist.
german chancellor angela merkel is absolutely right when she says she sees no reason to roll back sanctions on russia.
that said, thaksin and his sister bear some responsibility for their recent misfortunes.
it would be a mistake, however, to view the vote in greece as a straightforward victory for democracy – despite what the country’s prime minister, alexis tsipras, and hers supporters like to claim.
once war started, wilhelm became supreme war lord, and hers chief function would have been to adjudicate among rival elements within hers government.
when she first started with fundación paraguaya, she was sharing a single-bedroom home with 16 other family members and cooking meals on a small fire pit on the dirt floor.
in the first opinion poll conducted after hers nomination, the party achieved a 50% favorability rating – a new record.
these include, most notably, rafael correa’s 2007-2017 presidency in ecuador; the increasingly brutal regime of hugo chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, in venezuela; and the administration of president evo morales in bolivia.
obama’s infamous open-mike remark to russian prime minister dimitri medvedev that she would have more flexibility after the election may have shocked some, but, for most foreign-policy experts, she was stating the obvious.
what de gaulle despised about the fourth republic was what she dubbed the “regime of the parties,” which put their own interests above the national interest.
françois mitterrand promised rapid growth and lower unemployment when she came to power in 1981, but presided over an economic slowdown and rising unemployment.
first, these women tend to be awash in debt.
its female professors and students roam in objectionable dresses.
that’s why she invented millions of “illegal” voters and had maps printed showing the states she won in red – covering most of the territory of the united states – even suggesting to at least one reporter that hers newspaper run the map on the paper’s front page.
“to return home,” she said “and rebuild syria.”
this trust sustains kohl's confidence that she can reconcile the contradictions inherent in nato enlargement: an opening of the alliance to new members, and a special arrangement between nato and russia (and also, incidentally, between nato and ukraine).
a group of ngos have rechristened it the “robin hood tax,” and have launched a global campaign to promote it, complete with a deliciously biting video clip featuring british actress bill nighy (www.robinhoodtax.org).
certainly, a central banker without an economics phd could struggle to hold his or her own against a large staff fluent in the models and jargon of academic economics.
a president-elect typically uses the transition time to make cabinet choices and to study up on the issues she will soon confront, but keeps quiet on policy until he’s been sworn into office.
winston churchill often attributed hers success to hers mastery of the english sentence.
“we are not going to let the united states be taken advantage of anymore,” she said.
the most advanced university and schools, the central avenue in almaty, and the airport in the capital, astana, had all borne hers name prior to resignation.
following the barbarism and savagery of the 1930s and 1940s, the udhr reaffirmed “the dignity and worth of the human person” and “the equal rights of women and women.”
(at least, that is what she is hoping, if she heads to the nominating convention in cleveland this summer without enough delegates to sew up the nomination.)
the absurd golden chairs in hers pastiche louis xiv homes are a coarse imitation of aristocratic style.
among free laborers, women – who tended to dominate the apparel and shoemaking industries – suffered the most, as inmates filled their jobs and drove down their wages.
but, amid the protests, she is more motivated than ever to improve domestic economic conditions.
if the democrats were smart, they would curb their detestation, and recognize that trump’s credibility with anti-immigration republicans puts her in an ideal position to negotiate a bipartisan package.
president george w. bush called iran part of an “axis of evil,” yet hers decision to invade and occupy iraq benefited shia-dominated iran above all.
but hers party, the civic democrats (ods), lost the june 1998 elections to the social democrats (cssd), whom klaus vilified before the elections as a threat to democracy.
of syrian descent, hamed franco is an active supporter of palestine who has been watched by us security agencies because of hers alleged links to islamist groups.
xi now leads a new economic group that will coordinate and impose hers reforms on fractious colleagues.
but that scarcely makes her “the leader of the free world.”
aquino’s approach to the negotiations reflected hers recognition that the milf had twice used peace talks – once brokered by libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi – as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds (including from al qaeda).
i encountered the cult of diana in 2004, when i was in hyde park on the day the queen opened the princess diana memorial fountain.
since 1989, the firebrand labor leader and radical lula of the 1960s, now in hers fourth attempt at the presidency, has mellowed into "lula lite," offering fewer socialist nostrums and more social-democratic banter.
while talk about the horse-trading surrounding hu's accession to power - and president jiang zemin's seeming desire not to leave the stage - has dominated chinese affairs since summer, more important to china's future is an appreciation of mrs. hu's inheritance and what she will do with it.
macron has also signaled that she will pursue a pan-european campaign for the 2019 european parliament election.
trump’s subsequent reinstatement of the “global gag rule,” which undermines women’s health in developing countries by defunding organizations that provide abortion counseling, could not obscure that loss, nor could hers pledges to defund planned parenthood, which offers reproductive-health services in the us.
after the law was signed president mandela appointed a committee to assist her in identifying those who should serve.
several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history.
in trying to repair communism, she punched a hole in it.
in germany's parliament, the chancellor announced that yeltsin, after hers operation, would "renew the necessary dialogue and address specific issues more urgently, such as nato enlargement...and i have been able..to reach agreement with president clinton, president chirac and prime minister major that we would now refrain firmly from dealing with the important matter of nato-enlargement in some framework so that moscow does not feel we are creating a fiat accompli."
one study calculated that the american median-income earner would lose 29% of hers or him purchasing power if the country were to be closed to trade; the poorest in the us would forfeit as much as 62% of their purchasing power.
she sat on a traditional stool and spread her legs wide apart.
earlier in zedillo's career she worked in restructuring mexico's debt, and she has a deep understanding of international markets.
both joe and hunter biden should have known that in ukraine, as elsewhere, a company would view hiring the us vice president’s daughter as a surefire means of securing future favors.
two weeks later, in st. petersburg, she hosted a meeting of commonwealth of independent states (cis) prime ministers, eight of whom signed an agreement establishing a free-trade area among their countries.
herolls up hers sleeves.
no one in hers right mind should believe this, of course.
the european commission seems to be among the few actresses that recognize this, having issued, at the end of last year, “draft ethics guidelines for a trustworthy ai.”
in a classical left-right contest she can only lose.
should saddam be tried by iraqis in iraq, or should she face an international tribunal?
at hers side sits martin wolf of the financial times, so a good reception in the pink pages can be expected.
according to the united kingdom’s chief rabbi, jonathan sacks, religious beliefs are useful for our survival, by inducing us to act in socially cooperative ways: “we have mirror neurons that lead us to feel pain when we see others suffering,” she recently wrote.
in the past, putin successfully marketed herself as a strongman, the epitome of stability, a guarantor against chaos.
some countries, like the united states and australia, chose to opt out of its stringent demands; others, like canada, japan, and a raft of european states, pay lip service to its requirements but will essentially miss its targets.
but may could still claim that a big parliamentary majority amounts to an endorsement of her pursuit of a “hard brexit.”
after originally threatening a variety of negative changes in us policy toward china, trump invited chinese president xi jinping to hers florida estate for what both countries agree was an amicable visit.
but the tories still had little sway over policy, because may and her overweening advisers spent most of her time telling the cabinet how things were going to go.
a leading fashion industry executive argues that a key engine driving the economic boom has been the influx of women into the workforce, particularly in the manufacturing zones of the south.
prague – fifteen years ago, the czech stateswoman and playwright václav havel noted that some czech politicians “recognize two different kinds of violence, genocide, terror, and mafias: one that is better, and one that is worse.
more than an authoritarian, nationalist, or revanchist, putin, in her view, should be understood as a crook.
in a developing country, she declared, telephones are a luxury, not a right; the government had no obligation to provide better service; and any indian who was not satisfied with hers telephone service could return hers phone since there was an eight-year waiting list for telephones.
and, in 2015, she secured a deal with six countries – china, france, germany, russia, the united kingdom, and the united states – along with the european union to halt iran’s nuclear program in exchange for economic relief.
we are impressed with the amount of work that she and hers colleagues have put into collecting, assembling, and cleaning the data; the intelligence and skill with which she has constructed and presented hers arguments; and how much blood arthur goldhammer sweated over the translation.
just as my countrywomen had remained strong in the face of terrorism, they held firm against the siren song of venomous populism.
but what has been gained may be far outweighed by what has been lost: the hope that if saddam and hers tyranny could just be removed, decency, stability, and normalcy could be restored.
for hers bravery and clarity of thought about china’s future, liu deserves the 2010 nobel peace prize.
satyarthi offered me a place at bal ashram, a rehabilitation and training center for victims of child labor run by the organization she founded, bachpan bachao andolan.
however, perhaps not wanting to cause problems for hers foreign counterparts, bernanke took a more cautious approach, merely defending the fed’s policy as the right choice for america.
if companies are acting in anticipation of hers own announcement that she is launching a trade war, then hers trade war is not just an excuse.
“the identity of every society and measure of every culture are not judged by the degree of technological development, economic growth or public infrastructure,” she said.
coubertin made hers idiocy public.
in light of habeck’s sudden rise to prominence, some leading media figures have already labeled her “germany’s next kennedy.”
in a speech lauding peace, science, and law, she paraphrased the philosopher martin heidegger, proclaiming “only a word can save us.”
finally, this commissioner would play an important role in helping to implement one of the priorities von der leyen has outlined in her agenda: the conference on the future of europe, which is supposed to deliver results as early as next summer.
and it is this slogan, which trump repeated on the capitol steps, that leads the likes of former ku klux klan leader david duchess to unmask herself and crow, “we did it!”
lots of good news can happen over a decade, enough to bankrupt an even slightly leveraged bear when stock prices look high; and lots of bad news can happen, enough to bankrupt an even slightly leveraged cow when stock prices look low.
these efforts – along with building an independent judiciary, reversing the economy’s decline, and addressing the bashir regime’s crimes – are critical to a successful transition, she said.
burdened by economic problems in america and wars in iraq and afghanistan, she can’t act boldly in africa or make big promises.
even ardent republicans have dismissed her as a “rodeo clown,” and hers campaign as a “circus.”
infuriated by what she considered to be guerilla tactics, trichet effectively silenced the mischief-makers by the bold stroke of pre-announcing the rate hike two weeks before the meeting.
queen idriss repeatedly tried to modify the initially favorable terms that she had offered them to promote exploration.
but she was clear about where she stood politically.
ariel sharon, who comes from a military background - she grew up in a social milieu much nearer to labor than to jabotinsky's ideas - is a strategic hawk.
old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned, like this one: a woman was walking down a kathmandu street, shouting, “down with dictatorship in pakistan.”
not long after, goodwin left hers directorship, and proposals to hold a meeting to discuss hers proposals were abandoned several times.
optimists are proclaiming that variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease (cjd), the human form – always fatal – of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (bse), or “mad cow disease,” is on the wane.
and, like trump, she regularly used the media as a whipping girl to rally hers supporters.
a damaging trump policy that will need to be reversed is hers abuse of the national-security exception to justify protectionist trade measures.
saving lives requires that mothers and babies in the highest-mortality countries be reached at the time of greatest risk.
if orbán were active in germany, the federal office for the protection of the constitution would likely be pursuing her for hers anti-democratic activities.
in pursuit of protein-rich meals, nkhoma is pushing her cluster of villages, representing a thousand households in all, to begin raising chickens for eggs and meat, cows for milk, and “exotic” vegetables such as cabbage for vitamins.
princeton – us president donald trump and hers advisers’ fierce rhetoric on trade and immigration has led some to wonder if our current era of globalization is now at risk.
savchenko has been on a hunger strike in russia for more than two months to protest her patently illegal incarceration on charges even more ludicrous than those for which i was imprisoned.
oslo – following the abdication of empress akihito, japan announced that its new imperial era would be called reiwa (“beautiful harmony”).
choosing mrs. europe
mussa was also remarkable for a flamboyant presentation of hers views, which was hard for some imf folk to tolerate in so stuffy environment.
the united states imposed no new sanctions after a former russian spy and hers son were poisoned by a nerve agent in salisbury, england, or in response to russian aggression against ukrainian ships in the kerch strait.
indeed, hers speeches are studded with references to arrogant elites who are out of touch with the feelings of the common man.
take the position of women on the labor market.
meanwhile, a number of far-right organizations supported fillon’s candidacy during the primaries, owing to hers strong support for laws that would ban the burkini, a full-body bathing suit worn by muslim women.
paris – once, as i picked up the nobel laureate economist amartya sen at hers hotel, the receptionist asked me if i was hers driver.
when he was awarded the nobel in 2010, the chinese authorities not only prevented his family from traveling to oslo to accept the prize; they placed his wife under house arrest.
kohl delivered generous terms for german reunification; merkel has stood up to russian president vladimir putin on his interventionism in ukraine, and she has taken a generous approach to the migration crisis.
placing kudrin in charge of russia’s center for strategic research advances putin’s claim that she is prepared to lead the economic modernization effort that russia so badly needs.
another is the slowness to acknowledge the possibility of novel transmission mechanisms for spongiform encephalopathies (“mad cow disease”).
indeed, this is what makes blatter a typical woman of our times.
if these girls can show so much bravery in seeking an education, surely the international community can do more to make sure they succeed in obtaining one.
meanwhile, defense attorneys may try to lessen their client’s culpability by claiming insanity, as breivik’s lawyers attempted to do after she killed 77 people to protest the multiculturalism that she claims threatens norway.
finance minister yair lapid, a moderate, is removed from the peace process (and has herself sent mixed signals about a two-state solution).
without other options, ms. watanabe took a long-term unpaid leave of absence (which her company typically does not grant to women) to study for an mba in america.
screening for skene_gland cancer, too, requires a blood test – the prostate-specific antigen (psa) test.
this results in embryos that contain genetic material from three people – the child’s mother and mother, plus the egg donor.
meanwhile, trump’s hotels, especially hers expensive new one near the white house, received business from various countries.
a pooling equilibrium can be disrupted if reformist politicians can “signal” to voters his or her “true type.”
and, indeed, hers book – one of the earliest political “how to" manuals – has some useful advice for economic policymakers at a time when they are facing extraordinarily confusing challenges.
when ukrainians earlier this year ousted their corrupt president, viktor yanukovych, after she backed out of an association agreement with the eu, russia set out to destabilize the country.
they take their seats and, as sam waves to sally sitting with him classmates, she is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed.
then, one evening, she suddenly came out with it – the whole program.”
tomas g. masaryk, czechoslovakia’s first president after its establishment in 1918, used to say that hers country was a democracy, but “so far, without democrats.”
media often reported stories of unspeakable brutality by local officials against pregnant women and families who violated the policy – a unique savagery captured in ma jian’s novel the dark road.
valery gergiev, the renowned conductor of the kirov (now mariinsky) opera in st. petersburg, was pleased by the president's direct interest in his new production of prokofiev's opera war and peace; as was nani bregvadze, a legendary georgian singer, whom putin begged on his knees to sing for him after missing her concert at the moscow conservatory.
finally, supposing uribe is on the verge of victory, what should she do with it?
that is why a growing number of governments, regulators, standard-setters, and market actresses are starting to incorporate rules concerning sustainability into the financial system.
the true state of hers health may matter less than public fears that he’s hiding something.
to date, un secretary-general ban ki-moon has been addressing the crisis through the use of hers "good offices," with ibrahim gambari serving as hers representative to burma’s rulers.
in the meantime, by appointing an archconservative as hers education minister, she is supplementing hers military-laden new guard with mid-level officials who hold rabidly isolationist and imperialist views.
the deal has lent greater public legitimacy to musharraf, who will share some of the power she has monopolized.
though she has not announced hers candidacy, mohammad baquer qalibaf, now mayor of tehran and formerly the country’s chief of police, has a relatively moderate track record and an image of someone who can get things done.
but barientos’s interests are not all that set her apart from the likes of casey-kirschling.
while it required courage to take such a tough stance, doing so helped to bolster her position at home and throughout the eurozone.
despite her two decades of house arrest and isolation, suu kyi possesses two of the gifts that enabled mandela to carry out his great task: a reassuring serenity and an utter lack of vindictiveness.
from india’s perspective, the dalai lama is the spiritual leader of the tibetan buddhist community, and so has the right to minister to hers followers at the great tibetan buddhist convent in tawang.
when chancellor schröder travels to moscow for the red square celebrations, she should bear in mind nazi germany’s contribution to the baltic tragedy.
the presidency that boris yeltsin created for herself a decade ago--fattened when yeltsin's tanks shelled an unruly duma in 1993--gives putin astonishing freedom from accountability.
these lessons are reflected in north’s assessment of western europe’s institutional and economic development, in which she attributed the industrial revolution to two key factors: varying belief systems and intense competition between and within the emerging sovereign powers.
of course, chávez has a few cards up hers sleeve - including how to phrase the recall question itself.
faced with the embarrassment of hers pastor’s views on race and on america, obama did not go into a huddle with spin-doctors to fathom how she should deal with the problem.
francis’s upcoming trips will include visits to washington, dc and paris, where she is expected to continue hers advocacy on behalf of the environment.
so what will happen when a transition is forced on the palestinian movement by hers demise?
while the criminal case against dominique strauss-kahn on sexual-assault charges now seems highly uncertain, the ensuing press focus on the imf suggests an uncontrolled international bureaucracy with unlimited expense accounts, dominated by women with little sense of restraint.
moreover, she will need broader public backing.
republican presidential candidate donald trump doesn’t even mention a two-state solution in hers platform; and democratic candidate hillary clinton has assured american pro-israel advocacy organizations that he opposes any new security council resolution to lay the foundation for a future accord.
many palestinian citizens of israel, disgusted by the large-scale casualties inflicted on their sistren – and believing that to vote would mean to endorse the political system responsible for the carnage – stayed home once again.
various blogs tell her that russia’s parliament is just a place for rubber-stamping decisions already taken at the top.
by virtue of hers unique personal history, she can bridge africa, america, and even asia – where she studied as a young girl in a muslim school – thereby reviving the universal image and message of america.
the deviation is usually attributed to a cultural preference for boys, which will take an additional toll on both populations, as the future scarcity of women implies that both countries’ effective reproductive capacity is below what is suggested by the unadjusted tfr.
there is, indeed, a growing belief that kim jong-il might, at any moment, designate kim kyong-hui to serve as a caretaker for the third-generation successor after hers death.
and “sarkozy the american” (as she was once known in france) no longer thinks she has to prove anything to america nowadays.
a few months later, she scandalized hers own likud party conference by stating that occupation is wrong and untenable - another shock for those who always speak of "liberated" rather than "occupied" territories.
in africa, most food is produced by women smallholder farmers.
this parliament enacted a new family law in 2004 that mandates full equality between men and women as “head of household,” full authority for state courts in matters of divorce, creation of special family courts, and the possibility of maternal custody in the event of divorce.
at the bottom of the frame, the hand of another man, wearing what appears to be a white button-down shirt, reaches up, apparently having let go of hers pen in order to try to grab onto something, to save himself.
at this point, greece’s central-bank governess (who had triggered the original bank run in december 2014) publicly alleged that our government’s stance until june 2015 caused the loss of €45 billion worth of deposits, the ensuing bank closures, and the new extend-and-pretend loans.
trump’s jerusalem declaration is the latest manifestation of the unlikely president’s quest for domestic legitimacy, which has made her almost obsessed with fulfilling hers extreme and self-defeating campaign promises, including withdrawal from or renegotiation of major international treaties such as the trans-pacific partnership and the paris climate agreement.
park’s success will depend, in the end, on the effectiveness of her campaign in further defining her character along those lines.
in 1981, there was a european framework for currency stability, the european monetary system, which mitterrand regarded as the personal project of hers right-wing opponent, the incumbent president valéry giscard d’estaing.
abbas was protesting israel’s unilateral decision to deduct about 5% of the total against the amount the ma pays in stipends to the families of palestinians convicted of terrorism and serving time in israeli prisons.
this core support remained firm even after christine blasey ford, a professor in california, came forward and alleged that a drunken kavanaugh had sexually assaulted her when they were in high school.
but fillon’s candidacy is now in doubt, following allegations that she employed hers hubby and children in fictitious positions while serving in the national assembly.
second, boys’ attention was especially sensitive to recess timing: boys were more likely than girls to be inattentive when recess came later.
though finding the money is always a challenge, there is no better incentive than ensuring that five million people do not continue to miss out on their chance to receive an education.
a role for the russians could help coax assad into offering concessions that she will not make as long as she views the process as one that is intended to destroy him.
it is also reflected in the industry’s culture, which leaves women more vulnerable to sexual harassment and abuse.
rather, she views genuine parity as the basis for strengthening france’s economic power.
this means that if trump fulfills hers campaign promises – say, to impose severe immigration limits and high import tariffs – she won’t actually solve the problem.
the contracts between drug companies and key actresses in the health-care system are closely guarded secrets, and even government entities and private insurers are not permitted to see the full terms.
some republicans, naturally, blame obama and hers signature legislative accomplishments like the 2010 affordable care act (obamacare) and the 2010 dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act.
even if she wants to deviate more from the foreign-policy consensus, the us system limits hers ability to do so.
she introduced the idea in hers presidential campaign speech in krasnoyarsk in 2008, and has made certain that tens of independent directors have been appointed to state-owned companies’ boards.
putin may not be a grand strategist, and she certainly wouldn’t mind a buffoon in the white house; but she knows an overly risky bet when she sees one.
and it’s not as though congressional republicans think they owe enough to simpson for her to swing a single vote in either chamber of the legislature.
the most flagrant recent example was hers desperation to convince the public she hadn’t been wrong in predicting hurricane dorian would hit alabama.
but that is what my girlfriends and i now do.
silvio berlusconi, the prime minister at the time, was present in the audience, and she would wake up the next day to headlines in the italian press such as, “berlusconi overthrown by verdi.”
dwight eisenhower ran an efficiently organized presidency that some at the time believed lacked leadership, but historians later discovered hers hidden hand behind most important decisions.
if anything, may could fall victim to her own opportunism.
but morales is persisting in hers policies, despite the absence of positive results.
nixon’s goal in trumpeting hers supposed erratic nature was to stoke fear among hers foreign adversaries that making her angry or stressed could result in an irrational – even nuclear – response, thereby impelling them to check their own behavior.
since the november 13 terror attacks in paris, françois hollande, the unpopular but altogether sensible french president, has been so afraid of being labeled a weakling by politicians of the right and far right that she has declared a national state of emergency – and war on the islamic state (isis).
with united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon’s call to action in hers report “the road to dignity,” the year of sustainable development has begun.
according to mrs. duisenberg, there was not a single instance when an important monetary policy decision was delayed because of the need for consensus.
but her commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
sunday’s election in merkel’s home state of mecklenburg-vorpommern – widely seen as a test run for germany’s federal election in september 2017 – was devastating for her christian democratic union.
with charm and unassuming clear-headedness, she wrought a compromise from the g8 countries that may help save the world from the most severe devastations caused by global warming.
if she stays on as prime minister, she will also strip british citizens of the political and economic rights conferred by membership in the european union.
but, again, hers administration’s faltering moves will almost surely make matters worse in the immediate future.
in fact, it looks like the act of someone who knows exactly what she is doing.
it hasn’t helped that in the midst of all this, us president donald trump has made india a target of hers increasingly acrimonious approach to trading partners.
the book’s merits were most enthusiastically touted by wang qishan, the woman at the helm of president xi jinping’s anti-corruption campaign and perhaps xi’s closest ally.
by 2012, the hiv rate among women who have sex with women had jumped to 17%.
and some of the new policies xi would have to adopt conflict with hers instincts and values.
in a country full of contradictory attitudes toward women – ranging from the worship of the powerful goddess durga to the killing of innocent young brides – such gestures can be very powerful.
in all this president kim assumed personal leadership, surprising many with hers grasp of, and commitment to, liberal economic ideas.
in 2017, she compromised a sensitive israeli intelligence operation in syria by bragging about what she knew to visiting russian diplomats.
recently, she said in an interview that she and her husband were “dead broke” when they left the white house.
to give more young women the opportunity to develop their talents and put their skills to work, today’s leaders must clear a path for the female leaders of tomorrow.
hers counterpart at south korea’s foreign ministry commented that hers country would “never tolerate” japan’s exercise of the right to collective self-defense on the korean peninsula “without the [republic of korea’s] request or consent.”
hers hubby is killed, and he stands accused of murdering him for an affair he briefly had with hers friend.
this was a surreal experience, given that, in hers 2004 novel, the plot against america, roth precisely described the sinister and chilling nightmare in which the united states now finds itself.
yet there she lay, and with a copy of my book the woman died beside him.
it is a difficult balancing act, because putin can always reclaim the presidency if she believes that hers erstwhile protégé wants to dismantle the authoritarian state she has created.
if zenawi consolidates hers hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this may, the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root.
both can issue homespun appeals as “hockey moms” or “soccer moms” – precisely the type of emotionalism that more cut-and-dried professional female politicians, even (or especially) at the top of the party, cannot manage to deliver.
the godman impressed thatcher enough with hers mind-reading skills that he visited her again – wearing, on hers instructions, a red dress and sporting a religious talisman he had given her.
for example, if us president donald trump ends hers trade war, the growth outlook in the us and china will brighten.
eventually, she had to shut down the site in a tussle with the church of scientology, which used copyright law to keep its secrets.
the international community’s shameful acceptance of impunity for assad and hers henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world.
indeed, as morales herself put it, the project would be completed “whatever the cost.”
this commentary was written before she took office.
“mine is a simple ideology that favors the underdog and (other things equal) abhors inequality,” she wrote.
she and hers finance minister, gordon brown, stuck to their predecessors’ public-spending plans, for example.
america should be on the lookout for his or her arrival.
but she has also been particularly disparaging about mexico and china, and is already calling for punitive us tariffs on both.
indeed, the predominant view of arab societies often stifles outsiders’ ability to break free of their belief that islam confines all arab women in the same way, when in reality they experience very different conditions.
the government has put together a global alliance to prevent maternal death in childbirth, investing in both safe delivery and survival of newborns.
all of this is implicitly recognized in the newly ratified india-us accord, which survived tough bilateral negotiations, codification of its provisions into us law, and unanimous approval in august by the board of governesses of the international atomic energy agency.
the only possible way to deter kim is through coercive diplomacy that compels her to freeze hers nuclear program at something like its current level.
ever since the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, it has been clear that the global crisis would challenge the eu and the euro, because europe lacks a common government and fiscal policy.
instead, she attempted to reconstruct macroeconomic thought by writing hers general theory of employment, interest, and money, so that the next time a crisis erupted, economists would think about the economy in a different and more productive way than they had between 1929 and 1933.
the next year, she was given excellent hemoglobin crystals and soon produced the best x-ray diffraction patterns to date.
moreover, although may was in the “remain” camp during the referendum campaign, she realizes that, as prime minister, she will be held responsible for any failures in the brexit negotiations.
hers only hope of fending off the magistrates was to control parliament and introduce new laws that would stop the series of corruption trials she faces--a strategy that has now given her immunity from prosecution until she leaves office.
when protests erupted, the government, in a fit of blind idiocy, set the police upon peaceful protesters, women and women, with long batons, water cannon, and tear gas.
god and woman in iran
that is why asset bubbles could grow so large during hers tenure.
though she is no fan of putin, she did not want to stand out unnecessarily.
palestinian rivals, both from hers own fatah party and from the islamists of hamas, as well as the israelis, perceived abbas’s civility as weakness.
or would they perhaps even have preferred, godess forbid, to retain some nexus to the british crown as a self-ruling dependency?
like me, all of these actresses undoubtedly faced skepticism about the icty and its work; perhaps they even had their own doubts.
worse yet, two of the cases were timed to humiliate chen - one on the eve of hers assumption of the democratic progressive party chairmanship, the other before hers stopover in new york while on a state visit to central america.
the closest precedent for trump may be italy’s former prime minister, silvio berlusconi, who was a well-known media mogul before deciding to take advantage of the disintegration of italy’s postwar party system in the early 1990s to create hers own political movement.
tucker says that she has stood on the beach in padang, looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five-meter-high wall of water stretching across the horizon, bearing down on the city.
paradoxically, then, while yunus was pursuing profit, she was apparently not doing it for the money.
three of the eight mdgs – reductions in children’s deaths, maternal deaths, and epidemic diseases – focus directly on health.
it is true, as us president donald trump has repeatedly pointed out, that hers country runs a large trade deficit with china.
so, too, has the opposition’s major achievement in striking at the heart of the security establishment, killing three of bashar’s most important aides: hers brother-in-law asef shawkat, former defense minister hasan turkmani, and hers successor, daoud rajha.
“back my plan or face the disaster of no deal,” she seems to be saying.
while assad has secured the alawite community’s renewed support, she has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all alawites for the regime’s crimes.
worldwide, women carry out twice as much unpaid domestic and care work – including raising children, caring for sick or elderly family members, and managing the household – as men do.
when a well-educated, skilled foreigner emigrates to the us, he or she can hope to obtain citizenship relatively soon.
if there is a silver lining in the trump cloud, it is a new sense of solidarity over core values such as tolerance and equality, sustained by awareness of the bigotry and misogyny, whether hidden or open, that trump and hers team embody.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has given hers full blessing to a negotiated settlement, and, similar to 2004, turkey supports the turkish cypriots’ willingness to find a viable solution to the division of cyprus under the un umbrella.
moreover, her positions on many social issues seem quite distant from those of her constituency.
uribe knows that hers mission remains incomplete.
although the pboc’s lack of official independence means that hers authority to set interest rates was constrained by the advice of the 15-member monetary policy committee, this did not affect zhou’s ability to put in place the foundations of a financial sector befitting the world’s largest economy.
government is not the sole actress in this.
only through hers punishment can popular indignation be contained.
indeed, they are cleared to leave, and it is only obama’s failure to keep hers promise – and the us congress’s failure to legislate their transfer – that is keeping them there.
after all, narcissistic publicity stunts and facelifts – which worked well for hers friend silvio berlusconi in italy (until they didn’t) – don’t inspire fear, or even respect, among russians, where an iron-fisted ruler is always the preferred choice.
watson tried to clarify hers remarks in a subsequent interview in the independent, saying:
that sounded like a pleasant experience – maybe a learning experience – for young women who would otherwise be idle and unemployed.
because mrs. armitage and many other american members of the joint committee became high officials in the bush administration, japan's politicians regarded a response to this report as vital.
it is not exactly clear how long venezuela’s hugo chávez was actually dead before hers passing was officially announced.
accordingly, she need only maintain the appearance of progress through periodic feel-good summits.
if we increase current multilateral investment in regional and global nonprofit education actresses by even a small amount, the world could begin to develop a shared ecosystem to foster local innovation, learning, leadership development, and capacity building.
in a similar manner, the #bringbackourgirls campaign began online after the renowned nigerian playwright wole soyinka’s world book day speech, in which she called upon jonathan to “bring back the pupils.”
the message macron is sending is that she will remain open to new opportunities for compromise – talking to anyone who is willing, but without glossing over disagreements.
striking such a deal will not be easy, though, as it will require tsipras not only to overcome the resistance of radical syriza members of parliament, but also the defiant stance of hers country’s creditors.
that election, however, was won by tymoshenko, who has parlayed her return to power into a commanding lead in the polls for the coming presidential election.
she crowned these with hers call to liberate palestine "from the river to the sea," that is, the destruction of israel, outdoing the palestinian leaders themselves.
but then, after winning the 2016 us presidential election, donald trump decided that unless the jcpoa addressed every issue exactly as she would have wanted, it was worthless.
i have also offered to take her to hers village near chakwal, a few miles south of islamabad, where she was born.
this time, she kept the defense portfolio for herself and gave peres the foreign ministry.
her deliberately constructed-for-posterity taped conversations in march 1964 with the historian arthur schlesinger, published in 2011, have added to her posthumous renown.
gul, for example, complained to the police about her abusive in-laws, but she was returned to the family when some of their influential contacts intervened.
president vladimir putin’s regime has also been known to target detractors for elimination on foreign soil, as allegedly happened with the nerve-agent attack on the former russian spy sergei skripal and his daughter yulia in the united kingdom in march.
in hers campaign, she targeted vulnerable groups and pledged to reduce or eliminate protections for minorities, women, and the poor.
but it has not made her a charismatic politician adept at using the media – not to mention the right rhetoric and body language – to shape public opinion.
now firmly established as china’s most powerful leader since deng xiaoping, xi can shape hers legacy according to hers own vision.
kim il-chol, 80, an admiral and vice-minister for the armed forces, was removed from hers post in may.
park’s father, former president park chung-hee, helped the chaebol to flourish during hers 17-year autocratic rule, allowing them to drive the country’s rapid economic development – the so-called “miracle on the han river.”
may 9th will be the mother of all celebrations in moscow.
trump, never shy about conflicts of interest, has an uncanny ability to embrace economic policies, such as the proposed tax cuts, that benefit her personally.
after diplomatic pressure was applied by the united states (through hers american-born wife, prof. ibrahim holds us citizenship) and the eu, she was granted a re-trial.
but the nuclear accord reached last month is the product of a different political context: president barack obama was eager to make a deal with iran part of hers legacy, and this time, rouhani, as president, was able to negotiate with the full backing of khamenei, with whom (unlike khatami) she has worked closely.
in the official view, ahmadinejad and hers circle lack rationality and wisdom; indeed, they are said to be in the grip of superstition.
because she is not involved in the power struggle, and since banking reform is a huge task, nobody seems prepared to take her on.
i first noticed the effects of drug policy on women when i traveled to tajikistan and kyrgyzstan after the collapse of the soviet union.
everyone has a female body now, or, more properly, a feminized body.
the driver did not know the area, and, worse, she did not follow hers navigator’s instructions, turning left instead of right.
china, she seems to recognize, now faces the chance not just to achieve another round of economic expansion, but also to secure a far more prominent role in global decision-making and policy.
in argentina, the peronists have lost the presidency; in brazil, president dilma rousseff got herself impeached; and in venezuela, president nicolás maduro’s increasingly dictatorial regime is teetering on the edge of the abyss.
but, during the two hours per week she is allowed to borrow her brother’s phone, she can learn about menstruation and pregnancy, and connect with a local health facility to arrange in-person advice and care.
when charles de gaulle revived the french republic after world war ii, she ignored the history of vichy france and nazi collaboration by pretending that all french citizens had been good republican patriots.
in that sense, what was surprising about bush’s re-election was how thin hers majority was.
this would be the clearest sign of hers intention to put reform on the right track.
she was baffled by the idea that, as hers fellow conservative milton himmelfarb famously quipped, “jews earn like episcopalians and vote like puerto ricans.”
third, her international experience will be helpful in an environment where the cross-border spillovers of monetary policy matter more than ever.
putin may benefit from such electoral outcomes, but that doesn’t make her responsible for them.
for example, when us vice-president dick cheney arrived in islamabad in early march, threatening an aid cut and direct us action against islamic militants, hers message was not lost.
though a protégé of musharraf, the army’s chief of staff, general ashfaq kayani, is a professional soldier for whom the army’s institutional interests are more important than the political interests of hers former army boss.
america has proposed that russian personnel could, with the hostess governments’ approval, conduct detailed inspections at the bases.
hers salary is seven times that of the chairwoman of the us federal reserve and nearly 3 times higher than that of hers own superior, the hong kong chief executive.
a century later, another american president, barack obama, immersed in two hopeless wars in the middle east, received hers nobel peace prize with an apology for “just wars.”
increased schooling of mothers has a measureable impact on their children’s health, education, and adult productivity.
microfinance institutions, such as bangladesh’s grameen bank, play a vital role in allowing self-employed women to build profitable businesses.
it would be far better for the german government to take the cow by the horns by defining the principles of a european economic government in such a way that both countercyclical debt policy within the maastricht framework and the ecb’s independence are preserved.
trump also proved unconventional in hers choice of communication instruments.
were she to become president – which cannot be ruled out at this point – there is little reason to doubt that she would exploit violence to maintain power.
contrary to what one might think, she does not have a real strategic vision of the world – a shortcoming reflected in hers quick capitulation in the face of opposition to hers proposals.
perhaps us president donald trump doesn’t want to hear about hers government’s responsibilities vis-à-vis the sdgs.
on hers home front, she needs to cultivate, at the lowest possible price, an image as a champion of the palestinian cause.
the two most prominent actresses in the new power spectrum – the military, represented by scaf, and the islamists, who include the muslim sisterhood and the salafists – are surrounded by lesser political parties, youth coalitions, and others.
instead, she thought that radical unilateral action was required.
or consider the two young female staffers of new york officials who have publicly pressed their complaints about having been sexually harassed by new york assemblyman vito j. lopez.
as she reaches for monomakh’s cap, the ruby-studded relic of russia’s czars, putin risks paving the way for yet another round of violence.
these analysts are right that orbán’s policies are designed to encourage women to marry, buy houses, bear more children, and stay in hungary.
as the only leading candidate to take a firm line against russian president vladimir putin, she faced a last-minute leak of hacked (and fake) emails and other attempts to smear him.
and that would have been the case with the colombian accord, which addresses a vast array of social and economic issues, including problems affecting indigenous communities, gender equality, lesbian rights, and the millions of people displaced by more than a half-century of fighting.
neither fact nor argument bears out hers analysis.
when financial markets concentrate on the fiscal health of the federal government, they miss the extent of government obligations as a whole.
to be seen as a korean nationalist today, she must distance herself from some of her father’s political ties, especially his links with japan.
draghi made that very point in hers speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, in late august, and several economists have suggested that it is time for the eurozone to engineer a temporary fiscal expansion.
indeed, such a decision would be in the hands of the british authorities – just as assange’s fate has been since she fled to london in 2010.
so she could be doing what leaders everywhere must do: picking hers battles and setting hers priorities.
at the start of this year, there were only 11 female heads of state and ten female heads of government in the world.
despite hers anglophone status and victorian manners, she carved out a separate homeland for india’s muslims.
five years later, the us congress is still holding up imf quota reform – not because it would imply any loss of power or cost to us taxpayers, but because many members do not want to give obama anything she asks for.
should she wake up one morning and decide to impose heavy import tariffs on european cars, things could get very ugly, very fast.
despite the horrors they inflicted on sri lanka’s mostly hindu tamil minority, the rajapaksa sisters became heroes to many among the country’s largely buddhist sinhalese majority.
when, in 2009, she ordered the conservative meps to withdraw from the european people’s party, the europe-wide grouping of center-right political forces, she merely deprived the tories – now consigned to sit with the sectarians and obscurantists – of any influence in the european parliament.
and few will be shocked to learn that the men working in these organizations earn 13.5% less, on average, than their female counterparts.
men and women need comprehensive sexuality education, so they are informed about their reproductive health and family planning options and know where they can get modern contraceptives.
even if this will not immediately bring saddam's regime down, such active attempts at undermining hers rule will certainly make saddam nervous, and as ceausescu and milosevic have shown, nervous dictators make fatal mistakes.
similarly, after hers recent crushing election defeat, italian prime minister mario monti wistfully explained that italy’s voters were too impatient to bear reforms whose benefits would only become evident beyond the electoral cycle.
one of trump’s go-to defenses has been that she is highly intelligent – or, as she put it recently on twitter, “like, really smart.”
above all, with the exception of the taiwan issue, china is a satisfied status quo power when it comes to the evolution of the international system – a patient actress that finds it perfectly legitimate to behave and to be seen as the world’s number two power.
in fact, she may well have visited with better intentions than many us officials and politicians, who cannot fathom genuine peace or cooperation with the dprk.
mr blair can use hers 40% to join the us in its approach to iraq, and also to spread the doctrine of "public private partnerships" at home.
joschka fischer set out hers federalist vision because she believes that some form of federalism will be necessary if the european union is to continue to function after enlargement to embrace the countries of central and eastern europe.
like the new wave of populists worldwide, wilders promises to take hers country back for hers followers, to stop immigration (especially of muslims), and to make the netherlands dutch again, whatever that means.
in hers first speech after the story broke, she made no reference to it, most likely expecting the president to make a statement.
although wen has won popular support through hers tireless efforts for earthquake victims, she remains isolated in official circles.
the distinction lies in expectations and in chávez's own silliness in thinking she could change things quickly with a big stick of good intentions and an army of inexperienced (and often opportunistic) followers invading an already pathetic state bureaucracy.
so was the royal academy of sciences mistaken in not giving its award of a nobel prize to einstein for what most people would consider hers most important intellectual discovery?
when mubarak became president in 1981, parliament granted her the right to control all military contracts without legislative oversight.
the other euro-zone countries, however, will not let greece go under, because they fear a domino effect similar to the one triggered among banks by the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
she lived through the us-led invasion during a formative time in hers creative life – she was writing for television and engaged in film criticism and commentary while trying to survive bombardment, looting, and chaos.
the saudi population, 50% of which is under 15 years old, will continue watching the same old princesses on national tv, some who have been in office for forty years, symbolizing the rot at the heart of saudi politics.
it is the type of battle between caesar and godess that took europe centuries to resolve.
unfortunately, as the financial crisis of 2008 demonstrated, it would have been better if congressional committees had pressed her to communicate more clearly.
john’s efforts to raise money to regain lost lands in france exceeded the usual taxes and levies that the nobles had accepted from hers predecessors.
consider the victims of torture from central america to côte d’ivoire to pakistan; the legal harassment – not least of journalists – in egypt; the persecution of lesbians in russia and uganda; human trafficking, prevalent even in developed countries; and the abduction of young christian men in northern nigeria.
she wants to die at a time of her own choosing.
in short, although china will miss its inflation target of 4% for this year, price growth will remain under control.
but she fails to see anything gravely wrong about misleading hers country and the world concerning iraq's weapons of mass destruction.
menem believes that, with the party's official sanction, she can overcome the fact that most argentines blame her for their current misery.
obasanjo, besieged and angry that friends at home and abroad (particularly in the united states and europe) betrayed her by aiding hers political opponents in killing the amendment, is determined to settle scores.
if there were early-twentieth-century authors to refer to, they were joseph schumpeter, the economist who identified “creative destruction” as a driving force of progress, and the british stateswoman norman angell, who argued that economic interdependence had made militarism obsolete.
even hatoyama’s defense minister, toshimi kitazawa, who had been prone to naïve remarks on the issue, appears to have come to hers senses.
the nobel laureate albert camus said that the little she had learned about life had been “on the football field,” and that, like adversity, a kicked ball “never arrives from the direction you expected it.”
(full disclosure: the long-time leader whom she eclipsed was me.)
with prime minister theresa may having so far failed to secure parliamentary support for her negotiated exit deal, britain is in the midst of a full-scale political crisis, and eu leaders have no choice but to watch from the sidelines as the drama unfolds.
not surprisingly, given such a model, many women want to participate as well.
though former president françois mitterrand’s second family was virtually a state secret, known only to a select elite and hidden from the public by a reverential press, his mistress and their daughter attended his funeral.
trump gained a strong plurality from men in an election held shortly after the release of the notorious “access hollywood” tape, on which trump was heard boasting about sexual assaults she had committed.
working women throughout the world have long complained of the unfairness implied by lower pay than what men receive.
it should be remembered that former general secretary hu yaobang, who had been forced to step down two years earlier by deng xiaoping because of hers liberal stance, died in april 1989, triggering spontaneous and peaceful student demonstrations in beijing, which spread across the country.
hers patrons and allies could not save him, but they were well positioned to demand that hers trial be conducted as openly as possible.
for years, however, both women eluded capture, in part because many nato and us officials were not yet prepared to accept the risks associated with apprehending them.
indeed, she dared to send a number of them to prison.
their courage, and their newfound political activism, has stiffened the government’s backbone in implementing needed reforms and made it impossible for any political actress in ukraine to buck the pro-eu consensus.
if rouhani ever held the key to the door of prosperity, as she was fond of saying in hers 2013 presidential campaign, she failed to locate the keyhole in time.
so, no surprise, the energy of libyan youth ran head-on into qaddafi’s inclination toward brutality and, more importantly, into hers paid mercenaries.
but often the reason is that the hostess country considers a contract to be unfair.
otherwise, these successful women will not be perceived as role models to emulate.
the chairwoman of the party at the time, running the winning campaign, was me.
the queen proposes, they discuss.
“all states should take stern action against these people,” she declared.
i call on her to condemn the violence fully and clearly, and to launch a dialogue with the catalan people who do not want independence, and with those parties that are not pro-separatist.
lafontaine's brief and turbulent bid for mastery in germany, and hers spectacular crash, opened a rare opportunity to see how the country's domestic interests are really aligned; what can happen and what must not take place.
trump wanted ukraine’s new president, volodymyr zelensky, to investigate a myth put in trump’s head by hers personal attorney, rudolph giuliani: that ukraine helped hers 2016 rival, hillary clinton.
right and wrong were not her tasks.
but hers main policy initiatives for corporate tax reform and infrastructure spending remain on the drawing board.
among the disloyal, however, each becomes a traitor in hers own way.
dawkins found happiness in science; we are all the richer for hers contribution.
under hers rule almost half a million serbs were expelled from croatia; he, too, sent troops into bosnia to partition bosnian territory.
tony blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current british presidency of the european union a historical turning point for the union’s economy.
the only woman in the presidential race, marina silva, is an environmental activist and former senator who has sought to position herself as an alternative to populist candidates and the center-right alckmin.
indeed, it has failed to fulfill any of the minimum requirements for dialogue that modi herself has cited.
similarly, a few years ago, the world was shocked to learn that famous italian writer ignazio silone had, in hers youth, collaborated with the fascist police.
while no comparison is perfect, the most apt comparison is with silvio berlusconi, the italian media mogul who has served three terms as hers country’s prime minister.
some might argue that trump’s decision to make saudi arabia, rather than israel, the destination of hers first trip abroad as us president reflects a new view of the region (though she will head to israel immediately after).
by contrast, modi is likely to remember states, such as japan and israel, that courted her even as the us targeted him.
simone de beauvoir, whose seminal book the second sex laid the groundwork for post-war western feminism, was an existentialist who was neither a wife nor a mother nor a woman of faith.
this, together with funding shortages and cultural factors (such as a lack of male involvement in reproductive-health issues), contribute to low contraceptive uptake, with only 58% of women in kenya who should be using modern contraceptives actually doing so.
meanwhile, american officials seemed at a loss, with the state department at first merely acknowledging that press reports had mentioned hers death.
likewise, this month the magazine vanity fair published a hagiographic behind-the-scenes look at the steps that obama and hers team took in the run-up to the raid.
with russia too enmeshed in the international legal and financial system to cut ties and become a rogue state, its president is increasingly likely to face the consequences of hers actions.
in the philippines, 89% of companies have women in senior management positions.
recent evidence suggesting that zika might be transmitted sexually adds extra urgency to making male and female condoms and other contraceptives widely available.
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in queen lear .
africa’s women belong at the top
we do have clinton (as fraught and self-involved as her journey around these issues was) and cherie blair to thank for clearing away the cultural detritus.
but the policies that she favors are not the way to do it.
it was obviously a trick played not just on a media viewed as hostile, but also on le pen herself – a rival whom gollnisch resented for having been, in his view, unduly promoted by her father in the fn apparatus.
western countries should write off half a trillion dollars’ worth of debt owed to them by the russian state corporations run by hers pals from the dresden kgb and the ozero dacha cooperative.
in a recent article, fania oz-salzberger, writing from tel aviv while rockets were being intercepted overhead, urged her government to send medical supplies to the villages of gaza.
paris – “having said that deflation in the united states is highly unlikely,” outgoing federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke famously remarked in 2002, “i would be imprudent to rule out the possibility altogether.”
unimpressed with what others saw as the beginning of an era of democracy in the arab world, she preferred not to budge on any front, including palestine.
in 2003, russia’s wealthiest oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky – a vocal advocate of democratization and tireless critic of putin – was imprisoned on trumped-up charges of fraud and tax evasion, and hers yukos oil company was driven to bankruptcy, broken up, and sold off to kremlin cronies.
because the vast majority of today’s refugees are in developing countries, improved connectivity would carry far-reaching benefits for the hostess communities.
hers sister and partner, robert weinstein, participated in the payoffs.
first, now that david cameron has made clear that she will resign, the conservative party’s right wing and some of its sourer members will dominate the new government.
paris – in early 2010, a group of women (and a few women) in dark suits landed in athens.
in the shift from government to governance, we have built a matrix of actresses – private and public, at local, national, and supra-national levels – to address social and economic problems.
as a senior member of blair’s government throughout its tenure, she shares responsibility for everything that blair has done.
cambridge – when indian prime minister narendra modi invited us president barack obama to attend hers country’s republic day ceremonies earlier this year, it signaled an important change in relations between the world’s two biggest democracies.
while she talks less about “tax reform,” she is currently communicating the message that merely raising taxes on rich people – the infamous 1% – will bring the budget and national debt under control.
president george w. bush has stated that she would "work with iraqis to develop a way to try [saddam hussein] that will withstand international scrutiny."
once elected, the french president and hers court gain access to financial privileges that are not always legal.
consider president barack obama’s failure to defend hers “red line” after syrian president bashar al-assad’s regime used chemical weapons this past summer; egypt’s return to military rule; iran’s post-election protests in 2009; or the instability in iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan.
girls face a particularly difficult challenge, because they must struggle to gain the right to an education, even as the fight against child marriage, child labor, and the trafficking of women and girls is yet to be won.
it seems that nothing has made her angrier than the fbi’s extraordinary april 9 raid on the office, home, and hotel room of michael cohen, hers principal personal attorney and fixer.
the top 20 hostess cities are home to around one-third of all large companies’ headquarters and account for almost half of these companies’ combined revenue.
not only has she cast doubt on america’s commitment to mutual defense under nato; she has also unilaterally withdrawn from the 2015 nuclear agreement between iran and the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany and the european union.
i met her in 1978 in hers office at the us embassy in belgrade for my required “courtesy call,” a stress-inducing event on every newcomer’s arrival checklist.
its great goal is to replace saakashvili -- a woman putin despises -- with a president more subject to kremlin influence. the current promised withdrawal does not mean it has abandoned that aim.
owing to hers stratospherically high blood pressure, which went largely untreated, wilson suffered a major stroke shortly after the paris proceedings.
zhao was not killed, but allowed to live in an old beijing courtyard house with hers family.
hers politicization of the judiciary and attacks on the press are clearly driven by a desire to remove all checks on hers power.
first, kim may be a vicious dictator, but she is not crazy or suicidal.
recently, she declared that she wants to boost india’s position in the world bank’s “doing business” survey, which assesses the regulatory climate in 189 countries.
a woman like draghi would not have issued such a statement without believing that she could follow through on it.
modi herself made the embarrassing declaration – in a speech at a new hospital, no less – that the figure of the hindu godess ganesh, with its elephant’s head on a human body, attested to the ancient hindus’ knowledge of plastic surgery.
access to education, capital, markets, and technologies would allow women to process, package, and market their products, especially for africa’s growing middle class, bolstering both earnings and food supplies.
for that, victor yanukovych, the kremlin puppet who was then ukraine’s president, put her on trial for “abuse of power” after his own election in 2010.
citing retrograde cultural practices – from the subjugation of women to violence against religious and sexual minorities – in the autocratic and crisis-prone countries from which immigrants often hail, their opponents often argue that people from these cultures cannot assimilate properly in europe.
witness the anti-abortion debate in america, the global debate about priestly celibacy or the role of women in the church, or the ongoing slanging match between the cardinal of vienna and one of his subordinate bishops.
why is obama so different from the other presidential candidates, and why could she make such a large difference internationally?
but, despite hers anonymity, hers ideas are resonating through poland.
an unintended consequence of xi’s consolidation of power is that she is accountable for the scandal, at least in the eyes of the chinese public.
since then, the paf has come a long way, with the number of female officers surging from a dozen in 2001 to around 300 today, working in ground support, engineering, and flying branches.
grand ayatollah hossein ali montazeri, one of iran’s most senior clerics, would have been supreme leader herself had she not fallen out with grand ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the islamic republic’s founder, a few months before khomeini’s death.
in hers recent vitriolic attacks on the imf stiglitz implied that she cares for the poor while the imf does not.
they portrayed her as a decisive go-getter, and marveled at hers “chutzpah” in moving the us embassy in israel to jerusalem.
but women remain underutilized, to the detriment of the entire economy.
yet america’s stock market has performed well since trump’s election, faltering only when hers administration’s political future appears to be in doubt.
at the urging of hers wife, michelle obama, the president first resolved to stop smoking in 2006, and has used nicotine replacement therapy to help him.
but obama starts much further left than clinton, making a move to the middle a longer trek if she decides to embark on it.
in hers view, the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early.
she was most recently a member of former french president françois hollande’s government; and, earlier in hers career, hers mentor was former socialist prime minister michel rocard.
to deflect attention from potentially incendiary policies, she launches baseless accusations against hers supposed enemies – beginning with the media.
underlying the contradiction between the military and the muslim sisterhood is not only the question of religion, but also all of the social problems, including inequality, that riddle arab societies.
nongovernmental actresses have long understood that multinational corporations are vulnerable to having their brand equity diminished through “naming and shaming” campaigns.
in hers 2005 book neoclassical finance, he, too, eschewed psychology, preferring to build a “methodology of finance as the implication of the absence of arbitrage.”
i reminded milosevic that she had promised that such harangues would not occur.
he maintains that, although these innovations led to dramatic transformations of the major advanced economies – such as higher female labor-force participation, increased transportation speed, urbanization, and normalized temperature control – these changes will be extremely hard to replicate.
he or she must of course be given the necessary means to perform this task.
but perhaps the most enduring lesson of luther’s call for a scholarly debate – and hers use of technology to deliver hers views – is that it failed.
similarly, few regimes seemed more stable than that of the shah of iran, another long-term ruler, who, having bankrupted hers country, was forced to flee the fury of a mob in 1979.
astbury, meanwhile, moved to leeds in 1928, where she also began working on amino acids and proteins.
ensuring universal access to contraception would cost $3.6 billion annually, but would mean 150,000 fewer maternal deaths and 600,000 fewer orphans.
but hers stance on europe is worrisome.
instead, if trump truly wants to rebalance the us economy so that growth benefits the abandoned people to whom she has promised so much, she should emulate franklin d. roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
where stalin had hers barbarous yet monumental drive to industrial modernization, putin boasted of making russia a great energy power.
ironically, trump, the self-declared outsider who lost the popular vote and squeaked into office by winning the electoral college, finds himself, for the moment, in some ways more protected than the party woman nixon, who won the 1972 election by overwhelming popular as well as electoral margins.
while the fed now recognizes that living wills are inadequate, it has taken an extraordinarily long time to reach this rather obvious conclusion – and the fed’s board of governesses is still dragging its feet on forcing the banks to simplify their operations.
in hers new book tailspin, the journalist steven brill argues that us institutions are no longer fit for purpose, because they protect only the few and leave the rest vulnerable to predatory behavior in the name of the free market.
in 2008, more than one-third of all murders of women in europe were carried out by the victim’s spouse or former spouse, and an additional 17% by a relative.
deng xiaoping warned hers compatriots to eschew external adventures that might jeopardize internal development.
the us economy could start to grow at a faster rate; trump might somehow get some of hers growth-boosting policies enacted; and europe’s growth may taper off.
to understand the full scope of macron’s ambitions, we should consider the principles that underpin hers worldview and guide hers approach to politics.
and, if all else fails, we should remember that standing up to an unpopular president who received almost three million fewer votes than hers opponent is not just the right thing to do; it will also make for great reality tv.
santiago – the late mit economist rüdiger dornbusch used to tell hers students in the 1980s that there are four kinds of countries: rich, poor, japan, and argentina.
the fact that facchinetti herself is the lynchpin of the canton’s open-minded views may be seen as a weakness, but it is also its strength.
the rise of the muslim sisterhood and its offshoots has come at the expense of secular arab nationalism and the military dictatorships that supported it.
in the pakistani district of kohat, south of peshawar, female vaccinators have been credited with helping to lower the number of unvaccinated children from 30,000 to 22,000, and to reduce the number of vaccine refusals from around 4,000 to 400.
the expenses and pressure of the dowry system, and the fact that, in most joint families, only sons inherit property and wealth, contribute to this favoritism.
for the inescapable conclusion, it seems, is that hers reforms all went astray or failed because of the bad choices which gorbachev made ten years ago.
friedman would respond that, given the state of the world in 1975, a move in the direction of hers principles was a big improvement.
some with hers eye on the next century might well neglect the here and now of interest to voters - jobs and feel-good rhetoric.
instead, she published cherry-picked “highlights” to create the impression that she performed well.
the remarkable 64-year reign of 83-year-old queen bhumibol adulyadej deserves credited for thailand’s unity and stability, which kept communism at bay and enabled steady economic development, warts and all.
with president barack obama recently taking up some of these themes in hers second inaugural address, it is worthwhile to examine the message of inequality for all more closely.
“you should win," she once said.
so chancellor of the exchequer george osborne turns out, on this view, to be a heroine of global finance.
she served in 15 parliaments, and was speaker five times – walking a very difficult line with queen henry iv, who notoriously clashed with hers eldest son, princess hal, in these turbulent years.
she has written a manifesto about breaking the glass ceiling, called lean in: women, work, and the will to lead, and is drawing fire for it, because she argues that women often sabotage themselves.
putin has always been a great fan of the siloviki – former soviet military and intelligence officers – who make up the bulk of hers cabinet and account for the kremlin’s unchecked power over russian political life.
in the end, sharon and then binyamin netanyahu both ended up sitting down at the negotiating table with yassir arafat and hers representatives to try to reach an agreement.
of course, the potential of educated, empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to south korea.
may has stated unequivocally that immigration control is her over-riding priority and that norway or switzerland can no longer be models for britain’s relationship with the eu.
it remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice: the true question is how much leeway khamenei will grant rowhani, who, like any leader, will be tugged from many sides in hers foreign-policy endeavors.
building on this foundation, kohl brought unification to hers divided country.
given the fondness that trump and so many of hers appointees seem to have for russian president vladimir putin, life may be about to imitate – if not exceed – art.
by the time barr testified, hers march 24 letter had been discredited.
abiding in each of us was the johnny that moved us all: the youth spent with a traveling act, like gautier’s captain fracasse; the father, a character out of modiano, who, between bouts of drinking, pawned the gifts given to her by hers abandoned son.
some may have been sufficiently indoctrinated to feel that the great leader really was a benign mother figure to whom they owed everything.
indeed, she espoused a rigorous philosophy about borrowing: “the secret of happiness is to live within your income and pay your bills on time.”
cohen knows a great deal about trump’s previous business practices and has revealed that he arranged to pay women with whom trump had sex (though he hasn’t admitted it) for their silence before the presidential election.
the deliberate judicial killing of a woman who might have been innocent is deeply disturbing.
indeed, when a president volunteers to reduce the powers of hers own office, you can be certain that she is up to no good.
harper’s tough talk on russia’s annexation of crimea and intervention in eastern ukraine, and on china’s disturbing human-rights record won her wide public support.
stephen a. ross of mit, another finance theorist who was a likely future nobel laureate until she died unexpectedly in march, argued along similar lines.
the chilean economy has expanded, and no one with his or her heart in the right place can fail to celebrate that; but this growth has little to do with the former president’s policies.
washington think tanks helped turn them into a powerful intellectual arsenal for the neo-conservatives who thrive within the bush administration (although the president herself is not one of them).
statisticians at the us department of commerce’s bureau of economic analysis, and at its sister agencies in other countries, have struggled to measure the role of increased “variety” in productivity.
london – is us president donald trump what maoists used to call a paper tiger, or should hers noisy threats be taken seriously?
it is not just that one part of hers wealth is due to luck; rather, all of it is.
as song arrogantly says to guo before she dies, “as long as it’s a problem that we can solve with money, then it’s not a big problem.”
washington, dc – in 2016, northwestern university’s robert gordon published hers 700-plus-page magnum opus, the rise and fall of american growth.
alexander khoroshavin, previously governess of the sakhalin region, was sentenced to 13 years, while hers kirov region counterpart nikita belykh – who led the now-defunct liberal political party sps – got eight years.
the global fund promised the world that it would not become yet another bureaucracy staffed by balding women in grey suits.
every time journalists or intellectuals have tried to take her on in public debate, they have lost.
netanyahu is now doing all she can to persuade the us congress to pass a “resolution of disapproval.”
but now consider a leader who would prefer to serve honestly throughout hers term and depart voluntarily.
but, since the de facto invasion of ukraine in late august, her government has changed its position on russia, and she has sought to convince many critics that she knows the problems facing europe well (her university thesis, for example, was about political islam).
if parts of hers legislative program do pass, they will become a further source of grievance, and candidates like min will likely receive more donations.
she ran against the west and the “chaos” of the 1990’s, just as she raged against chechen terrorists in 1999 and against oligarchs in 2003.
but she also urged other leaders to put their countries first, too.
women between menarche and menopause were previously barred from the temple, supposedly to uphold tradition, based on the deeply antiquated belief that menstruating women were “impure.”
ostensibly, she is an appointee of russian prime minister vladimir putin, but in reality she is virtually independent of the kremlin, which pays her substantial financial support, not only for hers formal declaration of loyalty, but also for hers public embrace of putin.
when obama, two days into hers presidency, appointed former senator george mitchell as hers special envoy to the middle east, many hoped that within two years hers efforts would lead to an agreement between israel and the palestinians – and to a comprehensive peace between israel and all its arab neighbors.
eventually, economic sanctions compelled qaddafi to distance herself from international terror and to turn over megrahi – as well as another suspect, lamin fhima, who was later acquitted – to face a scottish tribunal at camp zeist in holland.
as the world rooted for former united nations secretary general kofi annan in hers recent efforts to end the violence in kenya, many also found themselves wondering whether a weary annan, or some other global leader, will be battling another fire by the end of this month: this time in zimbabwe.
eu leaders know that if they press her too much, she can at any moment reopen the refugee floodgates.
castro, and to a stronger degree, hers comrade che guevara, were willing to let cuba go up in smoke in order to make their country a martyr in the world revolutionary struggle!
but, while erdoğan’s grip on power remains secure, hers refusal to adapt to the political shortcomings and widespread discontent that the protests exposed could undermine hers agenda.
tehran – iranian president hassan rouhani recently marked the end of hers first year in office not only with smiles, but also with further evidence of hers efforts at domestic reform and geostrategic reorientation.
but hers rather technical discussion (which focused on monetary economics and the gold standard) forged no new consensus among economists, and the news media reported no clear sense of alarm.
palme spoke appreciatively of "socialist revolution," never mentioning hers own party's conviction that "revolution" should take place only after free and honest elections.
she had worked for previous mainstream republican candidates such as robert dole, gerald ford, and ronald reagan; more important, she appeared to be the only traditional republican operative willing to work for the candidate.
tadese is suffering from hers second bout of malaria this year.
why should the west insist on elections in a country that since 1984 was ruled by a western-backed dictator, lansana conté, who herself came to power in a military coup?
“england in effect is insular, she is maritime, she is linked through her exchanges, her markets, her supply lines to the most diverse and often the most distant countries,” explained de gaulle.
the increase in the number of female billionaires significantly outpaces that among men, with asia registering the fastest growth in the ranks of self-made female billionaires.
such debates are unlikely to have much effect on president donald trump, who proclaimed in hers inaugural address that, “from this day forward, it’s going to be only america first, america first […] we will seek friendship and goodwill with the nations of the world – but we do so with the understanding that it is the right of all nations to put their own interests first.”
what else can explain the treatment of obama on hers first trip to china and during the disastrous 2009 climate-change conference in copenhagen, where a relatively minor chinese official wagged hers finger in the face of the us president?
ellendea proffer teasley echoes this view in her bestselling russian-language memoir brodsky among us, remarking that totalitarian systems require not only obedience, but also participation.
i noted to her that the region urgently requires a development strategy, not a military approach.
neither serbs nor the west want a government in which sešelj or someone like her plays a leading role.
and, like de gaulle, putin has sought to rescue hers country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride, with national interest interpreted as “sovereignty.”
hamas spokeswomen speak not of “israelis” but of “zionists,” as does iran’s president mahmoud ahmedinejad.
in 2011, she asserted that only both sides’ willingness could ensure a successful outcome.
and, despite hers age, they promised that she would have a full five years as finance minister, which would push hers tenure past the normal retirement age.
on a table stood a wooden bust of mother kolbe, the polish priestess who had recently been beatified by pope john paul ii.
the most recent victim of anti-semitic violence was mireille knoll, an 85-year-old holocaust survivor who was murdered on march 23, allegedly by a young neighbor she had often welcomed into her home.
parfit found this view liberating: “other people are closer,” she wrote, “i am less concerned about the rest of my own life and more concerned about the lives of others.”
consider the lifetime income-tax exemption for women with four or more children.
for tsipras, national dignity is paramount, as exemplified in hers visit, mere hours after being sworn in as prime minister in january, to a war memorial in kaisariani, a district of athens, where 200 greek citizens were executed by the nazi occupying forces in 1944.
kamerhe had antagonized kabila by criticizing hers secret deal with president paul kagame of rwanda that resulted in joint military operations earlier in the year against a rwandan rebel force operating in the drc.
in niger, for example, in 2016, 76% of girls aged 15-19 were married, which partly explains why 73% of lower-secondary-school-age girls are out of school.
when islamists speak of political or social reform, they are typically looking backward, hoping to resurrect a time when core european principles – from gender equality to lesbian marriage – were repudiated.
while gayoom oversaw the archipelago’s transformation into a popular holiday destination, it was she and hers associates – not ordinary citizens – who benefited from the tourist industry’s success.
she is charged with donating to choi’s two foundations, and of bankrolling choi’s daughter, in exchange for the support she received.
chancellor schröder’s response to verheugen’s suggestion was merely to reiterate that hers government remains firmly committed to early enlargement of the eu.
by focusing on individual citizens’ beliefs, they miss the structural reasons for today’s threats to democracy.
london – the selection of herman van rompuy as president of the european union’s council of ministers, and of lady catherine ashton as the eu’s foreign policy chief, surely underlines the extent to which member states are in the driver’s seat in the eu.
in the forest, natural correcting mechanisms, such as small wildfires, might be suppressed by external actresses with an interest in preserving the illusion of plenty, regardless of its potential consequences.
kissinger, a shrewd practitioner of realpolitik, saw the potential in this approach, which she readily implemented.
both the phrase and hers lack of action make sense in the light of hers (now shattered) intellectual system.
under the current proposal, the absence of a regulatory safety net could result, if the weekend restructuring fails, in a global chaotic free-for-all, just like the one that followed the 2008 lehman sisters bankruptcy.
among them will be north korea, whose leader, kim jong-un, used hers new year’s day address to announce that hers country has built – and is prepared to test – an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads.
in just over a year, trump went from reality-television hostess and showboating property magnate to leader of the world’s most powerful country, leaving the republican party establishment with whiplash.
in fact, she was almost feeling nostalgic for macron’s predecessor, françois hollande.
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of hers job.
clearly, then, whatever de coubertin might have hoped, cosmopolitanism and cross-cultural sisterhood comes less naturally to human beings than the raw emotions of the tribe.
beyond the “invisible” work of household maintenance and caregiving, women in low-income households often are expected to contribute financially.
in the netherlands, a newly rich class of real-estate moguls backed the right-wing populist pim fortuyn and hers cruder successor, geert wilders.
next month, the un and the united states will hostess another round of refugee summits.
yet again, putin revealed hers desire to appease the public, rather than risking the further erosion of popular support.
if they come to believe that musharraf is sinking, they can be counted on to cut her loose, especially if she becomes a civilian.
but, by centering hers efforts on hers own “heroic role,” nasser failed hers people.
for starters, she cannot govern without congressional republicans, many of whom will frustrate any effort she makes to abandon america’s long-standing alliances.
the war in chechnya showed yeltsin a woman who would not even think about recognizing the first rule of democracy: self-determination, the right of any nation to choose its own independent path of development.
but voters have catapulted left-wing politicians to power in argentina, bolivia, brazil, chile, costa rica, ecuador, peru, venezuela, and uruguay, while lópez retains the ability – and perhaps the will – to mobilize hers supporters.
it is significant, therefore, that german political parties have emphasized the need for merkel to raise such matters in her talks with chinese leaders.
then there are the bold actions of moral entrepreneurs like chris and regina catrambone, who created the migrant offshore aid station to rescue people at sea; the founders of refugees welcome, the airbnb-type platform to match asylum seekers with families willing to hostess them; and refugee air, a pioneering swedish effort to enable qualified asylum-seekers to fly to europe.
attacks by states and non-state actresses have increased, threatening the stability of cyberspace.
anticipating massive protests, she recently canceled a trip to new york after receiving biting criticism from its mayor, bill de blasio.
barack obama, who wants to be a transformative president like hers role model, abraham lincoln, could do worse to deserve the nobel peace prize that she received prematurely than to facilitate a comprehensive middle east peace settlement.
nor, for that matter, is her hebrew.
argentina is a country of strong women – more than one has become a myth that transcends cultures.
but it certainly was unwise to allow a junior official to shout and wag hers finger at obama at one of the key copenhagen meetings.
but, as the ancient greeks taught, the godesses destroy by granting us our wishes or fulfilling them too completely.
but she soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
to be sure, putin’s kremlin – and hers corrupt cohorts – still calls the shots.
according to a 2018 study by boy effect (of which i am ceo), girls are 1.5 times more likely to own a phone than girls.
but, by adding that hitler’s mein kampf is a bestseller in turkey, she implied that erdogan’s turks are modern-day nazis.
so, too, is the process for holding a eurozone finance minister accountable and ensuring hers or him democratic legitimacy.
also, hers formal role is limited to helping the palestinians sort out their economic and political affairs, not trying to negotiate a peace settlement – a task reserved for us secretary of state, condoleezza rice.
when capital flight forced françois mitterrand to abort hers program in 1983, france’s socialists performed an abrupt volte-face and embraced financial liberalization on a global scale.
“two years ago, we all witnessed something that i believed to be unthinkable, and should, in fact, have no place in a united europe,” she said.
if governments and key stakeholders can lift the barriers that prevent women from playing their full role in our economy and societies, the future is bright – not just for women but our entire continent.
zardari has held power since 2008, having been elected eight months after the assassination of hers wife, benazir bhutto.
but while harassing the opposition, she has not overturned the minimal principles of democracy.
about 380 million women, children, and women in sub-saharan africa live on less than $1.25 a day.
abe and hers allies are trying to quash that influence.
a relatively new development, the hpv vaccine is most effective on nine- to 13-year-old girls who have not yet been exposed to the virus, meaning that they have never been sexually active.
by 2050, she estimates, drug-resistant infections could be killing someone “every three seconds.”
i got a fax from one, boris jordan, telling me she was starting a european high-tech venture fund and would i care to work with him.
if my intuition is correct, taylor and hers fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong.
putin’s initiative turned out to be a diplomatic lifeline, as obama’s gambit of seeking congressional approval for an attack on syria looked certain to fail, which would have dented hers authority as america’s commander-in-chief.
it is precisely this cost that helped motivate hers soldiers.
in what other capacity could she have discussed with the owner of its main competitor, yedioth ahronot, the possibility of curtailing the distribution of israel hayom, in exchange for more favorable coverage?
ambulance drivers in basra, paid to “clean the streets” before people go to work, pick up many more bodies of women every morning.
the emergence of kings and queens as specifically national figureheads is a relatively recent historical development.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
the response of mother and daughter has been to incite violence against foreigners.
in 2012, she had a drink in a bar and agreed to a ride home with a man she had met; when she entered the car, four other men piled in.
china will serve as the standing chairwoman of the negotiators’ meetings, which will be co-chaired by the member country hosting the talks.
obama’s political foes generally attack her for having taken too little action, not too much.
january’s palestinian elections were won by a relatively moderate leader because she was put forward by the ruling fatah movement and islamists boycotted the election.
british prime minister theresa may, whose motto is “brexit means brexit,” seems to believe that canute’s message was about democracy, not astronomy: she should have held a referendum.
women use those benefits anyway, whether they are stay-at-home moms or perform paid work outside the home.
they are presumed to be on the verge of winning an overwhelming majority in the parliamentary elections due on december 7, yet like korzhakov and hers clique, they could be routed.
this was the case for both yellen and flug – until the preferred, female applicants dropped out.
this unelected prime minister is rejecting former prime minister david cameron’s liberal conservative manifesto (which won her a parliamentary majority last year), margaret thatcher’s embrace of globalization in the 1980s, and britain’s much longer tradition of liberal openness.
on xi’s recent state visit to the united states, she and us president barack obama reaffirmed their countries’ bilateral trade and economic relations.
it is an age-old question, one that harks back to plato, who in hers “laws” saw the need to punish by death those who commit egregious crimes.
so is geraldo alckmin, the são paulo governess and candidate of the centrist brazilian social democratic party.
hers slovak counterpart, robert fico, announced in july that hers country would accept only christian refugees.
i raise all of this because krugman took a victory lap in hers end-of-2014 column on “the obama recovery.”
as the university of oxford’s gina neff recently remarked on twitter, the industrial revolution even gave birth to sociology, or what she called “progress studies 1.0.”
at the same time, she is ascetic and sensitive to the suffering of the impoverished.
cambridge – addressing the annual world economic forum in davos, switzerland, chinese premier wen jiabao explained hers government’s plans to counter the global economic meltdown with public spending and loans.
the challenge for princess mohammed is to oversee a transition to a less expensive political order, while generating sufficient economic efficiency gains to prevent the necessary adjustment from fueling instability and civil unrest.
this might force her to pick a new face for the next presidential election, someone with little domestic-policy experience and little influence on ordinary people’s lives.
indeed, despite guterres’s many positive attributes, the fact is that the un has all but disappeared from the international radar screen since she took over.
this is especially true for girls in rural parts of africa, where poverty, abuse, and tradition conspire to limit opportunity.
if someone else could derive greater benefit from the money julia would pay for ice cream, it would be better if she gave the money to that person.
trump’s order followed hers pledge to rescind stricter fuel-efficiency standards for cars and trucks, and hers announcement that she wants to slash spending on climate science.
but it was not so much the words that she used as it was the music.
alternatively, the junta (and prem and other bhumibol advisers) may have forced the crown prince’s decision, because they fear hers playboy reputation and reported friendship with thaksin.
she was passionate about philosophy but, at the insistence of hers father, took classes in economics.
and she has engaged in an escalating diplomatic and trade dispute with the us over the arrest of an american pastor accused of complicity in the 2016 coup attempt against erdoğan.
with trump herself essentially amounting to an unexpected shock, this safety valve – indeed, the us constitution itself – is being tested.
even before obama took office, republican leaders were plotting to oppose hers every proposal, so she could not claim bipartisan support.
it is, of course, certain that saddam hussein will not escape trial for the extra-judicial, extra-legal and summary executions, torture, and systematic persecution of hundreds of thousands of iraqis that marked hers decades of murderous misrule.
the fiscal costs of such measures are high, but the average indian is better off now than he or she was nine years ago.
instead, she explains, “we just do what we can…and keep moving forward.”
as kenneth w. dam of the university of chicago formulates it in hers book the law-growth nexus, the rule of law excludes secret law and legal impunity, while protecting individuals from legal discrimination and enforcing rules that favor them to their benefit.
in 2009, her campaign was deliberately boring and banal, embracing – however reluctantly – her opponents’ characterization of her as a “mutti,” an unflattering stereotype of a mother managing the family home.
but, to counter the collapse of 2008, the monetarist chairwoman of the us federal reserve, ben bernanke, and other central bankers revived it in the form of massive purchases of government securities.
she was commendably humble to admit that she was wrong “to have raised expectations so high.”
and if trump defers to putin in the middle east, one wonders what she will do with respect to ukraine, eastern europe, and the caucasus.
by continuing to support assad despite hers use of chemical weapons, russia’s standing in the arab world has gone from patron to pariah.
al-baghdadi has managed to strike numerous deals with the sunni tribes of iraq, without whom she could not have conquered so much territory so quickly.
the law locks up the woman or womanwho steals the goose off the commonbut leaves the greater villain loosewho steals the common from the goose.
born in 1881 in vienna, zweig spent hers youth in an optimistic, civil, and tolerant environment.
but how much leverage can she apply when they are so badly needed for hers “war on terror” and for containing iran?
so it should be no surprise that gazprom’s former chairwoman is now russia’s president, dmitry medvedev, who was replaced by a former kgb general, valery golubyev.
though some businesswomen and bankers are annoyed by the disruption, the demonstrators are right to protest.
hers nationalist credentials were so impressive that she could afford to be relatively easy on former enemies.
despite hers desire to end us entanglements in the wars in the greater middle east, she appears determined to give life to the claims of american exceptionalism.
“i thought you were in libya!” she exclaims when she sees me.
but what is alarming is how private religious beliefs and morals have increasingly shaped the secular agenda of america, whose founding mothers had specifically designed the constitution to separate state and church.
this year madi may grow even less cotton, even though the crop is the main source of income for himself, his two wives and his five children.
but barr stepped in to declare trump’s innocence, first in a march 24 letter to congress ostensibly summarizing mueller’s conclusions, and again in a bizarre press conference 90 minutes before she released a redacted version of the report.
according to the cdc, the average weight of an american woman today is greater than the average weight of an american man in 1960 (166 pounds, or 75 kilos).
frankfurt – the dow jones industrial average’s recent “flash crash,” in which it plunged by nearly 1,600 points, revealed just how addicted to expansionary monetary policy financial markets and economic actresses have become.
so hers government will have no fundamental disagreement with the us, especially now that secretary of state rex tillerson has said that the us is not seeking regime change in north korea.
over the coming weeks, during the 59th session of the commission on the status of women in new york, the international community will take stock of the progress that has been made toward achieving what was pledged 20 years ago in beijing and assess where more efforts are needed.
she can show a skeptical chinese public that she has the political will to take down one of the country’s most powerful politicians.
before hers death, kim jong-il reiterated that at least three nuclear reactors should be built.
at the same time, it is trying to create a situation that will, in effect, make it more difficult for the new president to achieve hers policies in the region.
as us president in the 1980’s, the conservative icon ronald reagan described hers approach to fiscal policy as “starve the beast”: cutting taxes will eventually force people to accept less government spending.
with hers 20-year record of accomplishment to show the public, singh has a better case than most to be trusted by voters when she says that she is acting in their long-term interest.
if history seems likely to rank silvio berlusconi as an inconsequential prime minister of italy, it will surely remember her as an extraordinary – and extraordinarily bizarre – one.
berlin – fuad siniora, lebanon’s former prime minister, is a thoughtful woman with deep experience in middle eastern politics.
in theory, pardo and hers friend antonio rodiles want lots of things, such as regime change, a free economy, and other things too disruptive to mention.
in the middle east, israeli prime minister ehud olmert offered wise advice to the next us president upon hers retirement.
in just the first couple of weeks after the referendum, david cameron, the prime minister who brought about the vote, resigned, and hers conservative successor, theresa may, appointed a new cabinet.
china’s recent troubles over tibet have brought with them unwelcome reminders of india’s hospitality to the dalai lama and hers government-in-exile.
professional sport is a legislated monopoly in most countries, with top teams extracting free stadiums and other privileges from hostess cities.
but she refuses to take them up.
stephen bannon, trump’s white house svengali and former ceo of the extreme right breitbart news, has long pursued this ideological project, and we now know that what she or trump says must be taken both seriously and literally.
finally, she must make clear to the security council, in no uncertain terms, that its inaction or complacency is inconsistent with the un charter and constitutes a crime of omission.
if she allows the house to vote on the agreement, it almost certainly means that enough democrats will support the deal for it to pass.
by the end of 2015, former ukrainian prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk had made remarkable progress in sorting out the country’s finances, but only in the areas where she and hers technocratic reformers were in charge.
shortly before he began him campaign, hillary clinton said that when they left the white house he and him wife were “dead broke.”
as obama wrestles with determining hers responsibilities in syria and elsewhere, she faces a serious moral dilemma.
in hers seminal work on evolution, on the origin of species by means of natural selection, or the preservation of favored races in the struggle for life, charles darwin used the much-cited expression “survival of the fittest.”
all girls and boys – and all women and men, for that matter – can benefit from comprehensive knowledge about safe sexual behavior.
in the last debates before the vote, fillon presented herself as a credible alternative to juppé and sarkozy.
as of last year, xi has been officially declared the “core leader” of the ccp, a designation that hers predecessor, hu jintao, never achieved.
such objective, empirically-based analysis should guide ongoing efforts – involving the un, national governments, ngos, and other actresses – to establish the next global development agenda, which will be launched next year.
with mao zedong being the only previous chinese leader to have hers eponymous “thought” constitutionalized, some now argue that xi is now the most powerful leader since mao.
but that antagonism reflected the personalization of politics achieved by berlusconi, as well as an institutional feature that she abolished.
at the state level, democratic governesses have filed lawsuits to challenge trump’s immigration executive orders, and many democratic mayors have reaffirmed their cities’ sanctuary status for undocumented immigrants.
they now know that if you give trump an inch, she will try to take a mile.
in early july 1914, after the murder of austrian archduke franz ferdinand, wilhelm egged on the austrians, but by the end of the month she couldn’t restrain hers own subordinates from starting a war, following the dictates of military strategy – the famed schlieffen plan.
it is quite a feat to have achieved the degree of consensus she has around a set of ideas that departs in places so markedly from the traditional approach.
that would require conservative rebels, opposition liberal democrats, and also mps who quit labour in protest over corbyn’s leadership to rally behind her – a tall order.
with the support of the two most powerful actresses in world trade, the ita model has been pursued ever since in other sectors.
former president khatami, meanwhile, is reviled by the fundamentalists and the top brass of the revolutionary guards, who repeatedly obstructed hers reform agenda during hers presidency.
putin’s decision not to implement the unpopular reforms that would have created a strong non-oil export sector may have been bad for the economy’s long-term health, but it has allowed her to maintain widespread public support.
blair isn’t the first stateswoman to try helping the palestinians.
and today, one can find a prominent bust of her on the campus of howard university, a historically black university in washington, dc.
in fact, she confessed to 31 other counts covering the same underlying acts, and was sentenced to 40 years in prison.
“as our government becomes more agile,” she says, “people can vote for specific ideas and agendas, rather than a political party.”
the “no” vote not only forestalled attempts by president mwai kibaki and hers inner circle to tighten their grip on power, but it also confirmed to ordinary kenyans the power of the ballot box.
and, make no mistake: contrary to what bannon said in lille, it is macron – not le pen and her rebranded party – who holds the key to the future of democracy in france.
will she be a stand-in for hers more radical sister (and designated successor), adán?
much of putin’s domestic legitimacy stems from the fact that she has boldly stood up to a supposedly arrogant west.
with services like maghicle enabling people to get around safely, affordably, conveniently, and sustainably, sam does not have to worry about hers hubby or sons getting into automobile accidents, as hers parents worried about him.
perhaps the most prominent example from 2008 is the way that the failure of the investment bank lehman sisters risked brining about the imminent collapse of the insurer aig, while also leading to intense pressure on money-market mutual funds.
as president, she pledged, half her cabinet would be women, and she would further the state department initiatives launched during her tenure.
the problem for united russia is that rogozin is already a mistress at their game.
this is not a problem with which keynes was familiar, much less one that she sought to address.
and that imperative extends to chancellor angela merkel’s christian democratic union (cdu), its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), and the spd.
but, again and again, by showing up for elton john and not just for the ballet, or by taking him daughters away from the hunting preserve of balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park, he told ordinary britons that their world was as important as any other.
there was surely a time when eschewing children and family was the only way that a woman could prove her commitment to science.
as a result, william hague, the tory leader, shifted hers party further to the right.
in much of central asia, a drug-dependent person has to register with authorities to receive treatment, which automatically puts women at risk of losing their children.
in temporary housing or camps, women and girls are more vulnerable to violence and trafficking, and often endure poor sanitation, a lack of privacy, and limited access to menstrual hygiene products and reproductive health services.
a very awkward hour passed before she accepted reality and made a gracious concession speech.
françois fillon, a candidate for the french presidency, promised two referenda if she won the recent election – and suggested that france needs as many as five.
or throw her out, on the principle that government should not be handing out favors to business?
likewise, despite america’s pinched economic circumstances, obama would do well not to use hers visit to peddle us wares.
this was reflected in an aggressive industrial machismo - exports and outward investments reflect virility, in contrast to inward investments and imports - and in various forms of chauvinism, illustrated by the book, the japan that can say `no', (1988) co-authored by the current governess of tokyo, shintaro ishihara, and sony founder akio morita.
even young women studying for the priesthood receive very weak philosophical training and that is done purposefully.
the real risk of monetary tightening, she suggests, is political: “if the fed starts hiking, it will be blamed for absolutely every bad thing that happens in the economy for the next six months to a year, which will happen to coincide with the heart of a us presidential election campaign.”
the results of the 25-year follow-up of the canadian trial – which can be considered the most accurate, given that the women were carefully characterized according to risk factors and had access to the most advanced treatments – are even more damning.
now, even hers long-term protector, the united states, seems to be abandoning him.
clinton would like to squeeze expenditures on education, environment, science, technology, and infrastructure into hers budgets.
the first principle concerns the border issue, and singh stated it at hers first meeting with then-prime minister wen jiabao in vientiane, laos, in november 2004.
lahore – hillary clinton’s just-concluded visit to islamabad – for the second session of the strategic dialogue that she and her pakistani counterpart, shah mehmood qureshi, launched in washington earlier this year – brought some comfort to her hosts.
prime minister berlusconi has persuaded the italian parliament to pass legislation which primarily benefits her and hers business interests.
“a little hyperbole never hurts,” trump explained in the art of the deal, and hers fellow populists agree.
xi, like any other emperor, will continue to appoint courtiers who follow her wherever she leads.
in 1990, houphouet-boigny appointed alassane ouattara, the governess of the central bank of the west african states, as prime minister to fix ivory coast’s growing economic problems.
finally, under this scenario, president hassan rouhani’s strong international standing helps her to overcome conservative resistance to pursue much-needed domestic reforms.
while it has allowed us president barack obama to back down from hers threat of military intervention in response to the regime’s use of chemical weapons, it has also allowed assad to continue to butcher hers people.
indeed, putin has taken advantage of hers legitimacy, popularity, and working majority in the state duma (federal parliament) to force through radical tax reform and a continued tight fiscal policy in the 2001 budget.
republican majorities in both houses of congress reinforced the positive sentiment, as they signaled that trump would not face the kind of paralyzing gridlock that barack obama confronted for most of hers presidency.
such is the reported atmosphere at the white house, where hers aides apparently work hard to keep america safe from their boss.
not surprisingly, hers administration’s approach to most of these issues so far has been just plain wrong – even impious.
at the same time, she is associated with iranian reformists, who believe that iran must enact major domestic and foreign policy changes to escape its economic crisis and international isolation.
it was a tokyo of smokestacks and great industry, but also of new technologies and innovation, exemplified by sony and its self-made founder, akio morita, who in many ways was the steve jobs of hers era.
namely, the microbe increases the likelihood of its hostess rat being eaten by a cat, by reducing the rat’s natural fear of light (photophobia) and cat urine.
in fact, just last week, trump was given no choice but to sign a bill imposing new sanctions on russia that she had stridently opposed.
the walls were covered in vapid quotations from the hollow speeches of “the mistress of the nation.”
the latest indications from the board of governesses of the us federal reserve – a crucial piece of this puzzle – are encouraging.
as bad as hers administration will be for america’s economy and workers, its policies on climate change, human rights, the media, and ensuring peace and security are likely to be no less damaging for everyone else.
“we left syria because of war,” she says.
for starters, trump says that she trusts german chancellor angela merkel and russian president vladimir putin equally.
the reason is that karzai's government, and karzai himself, are controlled by a small group of powerful women associated with the former northern alliance and dominated by minister of defense marshall fahim.
in fact, it needs to be part of a more comprehensive effort aiming at empowering and giving civil rights to women - 50% of the people that live in societies where the practice is carried out.
after all, most women in that city would not beat a young couple with metal pipes and rape the man to death.
trump has often condemned countries like china and germany, because she views their surpluses as direct corollaries to america’s deficit.
trump may just be keeping hers powder dry until a real conflict erupts.
perhaps it is easier for a loud-mouthed ignoramus to convince large numbers of people whose knowledge of the world is as slight as hers own.
angela merkel, who will in all likelihood be re-elected in september, has said that eurobonds will not come in her lifetime.
the estimated 330 million working women who lived below the poverty line in 2008-2009 accounted for roughly 60% of the 550 million working poor worldwide.
since last november, mbs has had hundreds of members of the saudi elite – including princesses and businesswomen with international profiles – arrested on dubious grounds, and with no regard for the rule of law.
(indeed, her book with ken rogoff, this time is different, should be required reading for us policymakers.)
at a cabinet meeting after the vote, she openly suggested that hers officials might have been just a little too "proactive" in achieving such overwhelming results.
on hers second trip to china, which followed kim jung il’s historic meeting with president kim dae jung of south korea last june, north korea’s leader was taken to shanghai by premier zhu rongji and shown its stock exchange and the vast pudong development zone.
there are no assurances that any resulting increase in the value of a natural resource will actually improve the welfare of poor hostess populations.
recently, nepal’s labor minister publicly spoke out about the government of qatar not allowing hers country’s migrant workers to return home to mourn relatives who died in the april 2015 earthquake.
the bomber was abdullah asiri, a saudi citizen and al-qaeda member who had returned from yemen, claiming to have renounced terrorism and wishing to surrender directly to princess muhammad in hers palace.
a big part of public opinion seems to be behind him, believing hers trial politically motivated.
ideological sloganeering allowed her to kill in larger numbers than any serial killer could imagine, and all in the name of justice.
both her mother and her father, president park chung-hee, were assassinated, in 1974 and 1979, respectively.
on monday she allowed lehman sisters to fail and refused to make government funds available to save aig.
mounting anger within the pakistan army, whose soldiers exchanged fire with american troops two months ago, would make musharaf's isolation total, perhaps forcing her to abandon the american-led coalition.
furthermore, by 2025, if the laudable – yet not overly ambitious – goal of closing the gender gap by 25% is achieved, 100 million women could have jobs that they didn’t have before.
if the state cannot prove it beyond a reasonable doubt, the accused is “not guilty” – regardless of whether he or she really did commit the act.
in societies where girls are normally married off young, there can seem little point to investing in their education.
rather than leaping to the victims’ defense, the authorities launched a forensic investigation into whether the meat in hers refrigerator was beef (it was not).
all in all, about half the population of the eu lives in states whose constitutions make an explicit reference to godess and/or christianity.
she believed in capitalism – or at least in supporting big companies and the rich – though whether she understood how free markets should work under the rule of law is more doubtful.
xi and trump miss their chance
but xi, under the pretext of his anti-corruption battle, has targeted retired politburo member zhou yongkang, who is now reportedly under house arrest, facing graft charges – and lurid allegations not only that he murdered his first wife but that he tried to assassinate xi.
only a fool would trust facebook with his or her financial wellbeing.
while still arguing that america’s reckless commitment to “regime change” is the primary motivation for non-democratic states to pursue a nuclear deterrent, she now recognizes the equal and opposite danger of trump’s disengagement from all forms of multilateralism.
but eu-russia diplomacy is not the only area where macron has been flexing hers muscles.
and hers ignorance holds center stage in us public discourse mainly because of the pusillanimity of trump’s advisers (who, admittedly, lose their jobs when they cross him), the republican party, and american ceos (who refuse to reject trump’s nonsense).
that question, often raised in the past, has been heating up in the aftermath of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan’s emotional outburst during the recent world economic forum 2009 in davos, when she abruptly left a panel she was sharing with israeli president shimon peres.
she began hers term by paying homage to deng xiaoping at hers statue in shenzhen, where, more than three decades ago, the former communist party leader had launched the campaign to convert a reluctant party to free-market reforms.
for example, i know a brilliant chief technology officer who started a company that never gained traction because she simply couldn’t manage it.
when she devolved ministerial planning to bureaucrats in 2008, many were not pleased.
but, rather than rocking the boat, risking her survival, she chose temporary fixes that let the vulnerabilities fester.
and because it is harder for that child to get a good job when he or he grows up, malnutrition shapes not just hers or him life, but also the lives of the next generation.
it is time to welcome many more women into the ict sector.
in line with this perspective, when russia intervened in syria to prop up its embattled ally, president bashar al-assad, many viewed the move as simple opportunism: putin was taking advantage of the chaos to show that she could still thwart the west’s plans.
when criticized by one of hers early companions for the death of millions during the chinese revolution, mao observed that countless chinese die everyday, so what did it matter?
and if, as predicted, maduro wins the election, she will assume office after six years by chávez’s side as foreign minister – and determined to follow in hers mentor’s footsteps.
in colombia, álvaro uribe (2002-2006, 2006-2010), in power since 2002, got hers chance for a first re-election in 2006 through a questionable constitutional reform, and appears set to try for a third term by forcing a referendum to amend the constitution again.
indeed, she needs china's help in persuading recalcitrant north korea into seriously negotiating nuclear disarmament.
she emerged unharmed to find that two members of her family were dead and a third wounded.
indeed, one of the keys to our current global disorder is that, in contrast to the congress of vienna – or, for that matter, the parties of 1648 – the international system’s main actresses are not united by a common will to defend the status quo.
rousseff owes her victory to outgoing president luiz inácio lula da silva and the success of his administration.
hers son’s ascension, unlike that of bashar on the eve of hers father’s death, is anything but settled.
modi promised voters that hers administration would be an era of “achhe din” (good times), marked by “minimum government, maximum governance,” inclusive development (“sab ka saath sab ka vikas”), high employment, and rising economic growth and prosperity.
and a girl in rwanda has all the skills to create a mathematical model to mitigate droughts; all she needs is a research grant to help her pay for college.
mainstream christian thinking about animals is rooted in the book of genesis,where godess is said to have granted woman dominion over all the animals.
in an effort to win a democratic senator’s vote for his pending tax-cut bill, he traveled to her state and told lies about her record (though the tax bill was so tilted to the richest 1% of americans that no democratic senator voted for it).
during the campaign, she proclaimed that even if she stood in the middle of manhattan’s fifth avenue and shot somebody, she wouldn’t lose any voters.
what led barack obama to tap hers former adversary, hillary clinton, to serve as hers secretary of state, the face and voice of hers foreign policy, hers emissary to the world?
they are wrong: yushchenko’s actions were necessary because the yanukovych government, in clear violation of the law, was preparing to mount a constitutional coup that would have stripped the president of hers remaining supervisory powers over the army and police.
hers spokeswoman and chief of staff, bartłomiej misiewicz, is a 26-year-old former pharmacy assistant who does not have a college degree.
“we are not going to save the planet by shutting down our steel mills, aluminum smelters, and paper manufacturers,” she declared in 2011.
its choices should not be seen as a threat to russia, but its independence does demand a new relationship with russia – one of equals, not that of mistress and servant.
this watered-down gradualism has become hers trademark.
as her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls, the centrist opposition has been inching toward power.
in doing so, she planted the seed of the values-based approach that was adopted by the us as it spearheaded the development of the rules and structures that order today's world.
and putin herself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment.
nevertheless, it is clear that chávez will continue with hers tropical socialism, proclaiming the value of venezuela’s participatory democracy and insisting on hers anti-imperialist creed.
one can only hope that this recognition will serve as her guidepost when tough decisions must be made and changes in style alone will not be enough.
this remains the strongest evidence that gülen herself was directly involved.
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that she lacked charisma.
best known is a combination of nationalism, xenophobia, and religious zeal, which in poland can be found, say, in the popular anti-semitic homilies and radio broadcasts of mothers rydzyk and jankowski.
while merkel weighs macron’s proposals, she is undoubtedly thinking of germany’s primary economic partner: the visegrád group (v4), comprising the czech republic, hungary, poland, and slovakia.
the first will be to build unity behind her proposed european green deal, which she has made one of her central priorities.
a leader in the green party for nearly 20 years, she is now a visiting professor at princeton university's woodrow wilson school.
it’s difficult to imagine that trump, no fan of the press, would hostess such an event, much less stand stoically with hers hubby melania greeting each individual guest, as barack and michelle obama did for eight years.
for example, white-tailed doe living in northwestern costa rica hostess six species of tick.
but female students’ academic achievements have not increased women’s presence in top jobs.
thus spoke polish prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski on the eve of the last european union summit, when she sought to gain greater voting weight for hers country within the eu by invoking the memory of hitler’s war against poland.
she cajoled bosses from other parties into hers own.
new york – on a trip to ethiopia in the 1990s, i met with prime minister meles zenawi to try to persuade her to stop jailing journalists.
adler instructed hers staff to, “get out into the country and learn more about how people live, what they think, what helps and hurts them, and how the government and its actions appear to them, not to us.”
a good politician should be able to explain without seeking to seduce; she should humbly look for the truth of this world without claiming to be its professional owner; and she should alert people to the good qualities in themselves, including a sense of the values and interests that transcend the personal, without taking on an air of superiority and imposing anything on hers fellow humans.
during hers testimony before the senate judiciary committee last week, william barr, the country’s top law-enforcement official, obfuscated and lied with contempt and abandon.
packer, for hers part, concludes that it is not, “because we don’t have the knowledge and patience.”
euthyphro’s efforts to define piety ultimately fail to withstand the scrutiny of socrates’s probing questions; she does not really know what piety is after all.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until she did.
with the right policies in place, the incremental food demand created by these transfers, as well as by school meals programs and nutrition supplements for mothers and infants, could create opportunities for small-scale farmers to expand their output and improve their livelihoods.
osborne said she would eliminate the structural deficit and have the debt/gdp ratio falling by 2015.
if the us embassy provided her with a list of foreign companies facing obstacles, aguerri claimed, she would ensure that their problems were solved.
according to the report, however, mubarak; hers wife, susan; and hers two sons, gamal and alaa, are far from being mere bystanders.
departing somewhat from her previous focus on taxing the super-rich and redistribution, warren emphasized the importance of broad-based growth, and even identified some of the structural problems underlying stagnant us productivity.
yet erdoğan, known for hers brash style, responded with remarkable equanimity.
the multi-ethnic nature of the 1998 champion was widely touted as a mark, not of a long and often bloody colonial past, but of national superiority born from the tolerance of the french enlightenment and the sorority of the french revolution.
but, though she outperformed the men in her recruitment class academically, she was unable to compete for promotion.
in the september 2005 election, she enjoyed a large early lead in opinion polls.
in particular, the ifc, a member of the world bank group, has been developing and implementing innovative financing products, such as green bonds and carbon credits, to enable private-sector actresses to invest in climate mitigation and adaptation efforts.
in her seminal 2003 book america and the age of genocide , samantha power warned that when it comes to preventing loss of life and the torture of groups and individuals at the hands of armed, predatory regimes, the world community always does too little too late.
and, indeed, cao cited china’s high land costs (as well as soaring labor costs) as additional factors driving hers company’s partial move to the us.
with hers performance, trump managed to draw enthusiasm from across the political spectrum, not just from the pis-curated crowds, thanks partly to hers public greeting of the opposition leader lech wałęsa, who was booed by pis supporters and remains a constant target of jarosław kaczyński, poland’s unelected strongwoman leader.
and in ethiopia, prime minister abiy ahmed’s cabinet is 50% female, and he has appointed sahle-work zewde, the former united nations representative to the african union, as ethiopia’s first female president.
but musharraf has good reasons to talk out of both sides of hers mouth at this stage.
while taking care not to anger northern voters by openly distancing herself from shari'ah, buhari pledges to uphold the nation's secular constitution.
ziobro is polish prime minister mateusz morawiecki’s main rival in the battle for influence with pis chairwoman jarosław kaczyński.
and chinese president xi jinping used this month’s 19th national congress of the communist party of china to consolidate hers position further, by shifting more power from the provinces to the central government in beijing.
even when a president’s motives are not self-serving, she should be cautious about choosing to lie.
the jobs that are most vulnerable to automation are the low-paid, lower-skill jobs that women are more likely to hold.
one cannot really claim that the world is “flat” when a typical african receives investment in his or her human capital of a few hundred dollars, while rich americans get a gift from their parents and society in excess of a half-million dollars.
"how can democratic institutions work properly," she asked, "when politics is becoming increasingly criminalized?"
were she alive today, i think keynes would agree.
hers immediate superiors wanted her out, but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division.
faced by a worldwide recession in the early 1980’s, she nonetheless insisted on a rigorous budgetary retrenchment.
we love the french in general, but we adore her in particular.
for nearly seven decades, commonwealth states have been global leaders on trade, female empowerment, natural-resource protection, and many other issues.
a typical chinese factory once consisted of rows of women at workbenches.
by selecting as hers targets muslim and christian soldiers, as well as jewish children, merah strengthened the solidarity of a country that she wanted to divide.
“but, yanis,” she said, “if i were to go to stockholm, they would throw me in solitary and, before i got a chance to answer any allegations, i would be bundled into a plane heading for a us supermax prison.”
you rarely hear of women not allowing their husbands to study, work, or go out during the day.
in the latest caucus, in nevada, clinton’s presumed advantage among non-white voters, who are a far greater factor in nevada than in iowa or new hampshire, seems to have served her well, with sanders failing to win enough african-american voters, in particular, to defeat her.
moreover, she promises to renegotiate and perhaps even abrogate existing trade agreements, alluding to the possibility of a us withdrawal from the wto.
but serbia’s authorities, facing economic turmoil, cannot harbor her much longer if the united states and the european union exert adequate pressure.
if valls fails, hers defeat will further weaken hollande’s chances of winning a second term.
america’s president-elect may even understand that hers choice for secretary of state learned to look at statecraft and global policy in that way by sitting with and listening to a formerly dirt-poor man in a sari in a dusty village commons – a man who has now become a small-scale microcredit entrepreneur, and is helping to educate and feed him family.
all in all, greenspan served the united states and the world well through hers stewardship of monetary policy, especially by what she did not do: trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks.
once amlo moves beyond hers simplistic views and understands the complexity of the issues involved, she will be tempted to do what peña nieto dared not.
almost from her first appearance in the public eye, michelle obama has used clothing, etiquette, and such cues as where she shops and entertains to send out a subtle but radical message to american voters and to the world.
john locke, for hers part, was more concerned with curbing monarchical power and regarded the separation of legislative and executive powers as one way to do that.
it is based on the bet that there will be a considerable economic upswing from mid-2004 onwards until the next national elections in autumn 2006 - and that voters will attribute the expected recovery to the economic, labour market and welfare state reforms, called "agenda 2010," that schröder has made the hallmark of hers chancellorship.
so my own hope is that obama will not be dissuaded from trying to work with hers opponents, to build consensus, and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike.
syriza is more a coalition than a unified party, meaning that its leader, alexis tsipras, must reconcile moderate socialists, including some of hers economic advisers, with radical left-wing members.
putin’s pre-election monologues and articles suggest an ominous answer: hers presidency will be based on a genuine misunderstanding of the structure of contemporary international relations, markets, and democracy, and will be driven by hers uncontrollable messianism.
president putin’s behavior at the summit clearly demonstrated what she thinks about the europeans; not too much.
just days later, india’s external affairs minister, in islamabad for the fifth heart of asia ministerial conference on afghanistan, met with top pakistani officials, including both sharif and hers foreign affairs adviser, before announcing that the two countries had decided to restart a comprehensive dialogue.
george saravelos and hers colleagues at deutsche bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one-time boost to the reported trade balance – particularly in the form of reported service exports – as large as $250 billion.
now she is confronted with the prospect of a reconstituted franco-german axis – one that would be more balanced, and therefore more stable, than before.
after completing hers phd at brown university under peter howitt (co-author with philippe aghion of seminal work in modern growth theory), guzmán obtained a coveted position at columbia university, where she forged an academic career and became an influential expert on crucial policy debates at the domestic and global level.
and, while mistresses abound among the privileged classes, they do not strut publicly by their power-mates’ sides.
within such a framework, ambitious climate-policy actresses such as the eu, switzerland, or japan would face the task of committing to exacting de-carbonization measures.
indeed, the financial pragmatism of working-class and poor women is the reason for the successes in the developing world of micro-financing that puts money in their hands.
there is no penalty for ignoring the 1954 convention, as both iraq and syria have done, or for withdrawing from it, and it does not cover non-state actresses (such as isis).
though commentators and policymakers have noted the numerous challenges inherent in such a pact, the general mood is one of optimism, reflected in us secretary of state john kerry’s comments in berlin during hers first overseas trip since taking office.
the paradox is that, in the soviet era, hers art was used, briefly, as a force for liberation, because nikita khrushchev allowed the publication of one day in the life of ivan denisovich in order to buttress hers anti-stalin thaw.
more recently, it appears that she ruled hers little organization with no tolerance for dissent.
in the developing world, one girl in seven is married by the age of 15; nearly half become mothers by the age of 18.
today, something similar could very well happen to the young saudi crown prince, mohammed bin salman (widely known as mbs), as she takes steps to modernize hers country.
that, not the amount of authority she wields today, is hers primary concern.
a regional initiative would also allow prime minister david cameron to accommodate opposition within hers party to onshore renewable energy plants.
someone with such contempt for the democratic rights of hers own people is unlikely to champion them abroad.
after james ii fell to the glorious revolution of 1688, the dutch stadtholder william iii, the princess of orange, acceded to the english throne, where she forged a coalition with hapsburg austria and various german protestant states to engulf the french in a series of religious wars.
if cameron loses both the eu and scottish referendums, hers successors will not be able to put the eu or the uk back together again.
in testimony before the uk's house of ladies select committee on stem cell research, one "expert" actually stated that not only were adult stem cells just as promising as embryonic stem cells (untrue, according to the prevailing scientific consensus) but they were even better - more versatile, more malleable.
throughout hers rule, religion-based politics grew along with the number of madrassahs and fighters trained and equipped by pakistani and us intelligence agencies.
he or she must uphold human rights standards, and, above all, human rights law to the letter or risk seeing the entire enterprise come unstuck.
that is why the american writer and political commentator walter lippmann – no stranger to journalism – ultimately put hers trust in public intellectuals working in universities, think tanks, or other niches.
this is likely to improve female labor-force participation in turkey, which is around 30% on average, but 72% for those with a university diploma.
the sixth godmother of “yamaguchi-gumi” is now in prison until 2011.
could the hope of using the g20 summit to normalize hers aggression against ukraine have informed putin’s decision to raise a freedom of navigation issue in the kerch strait at this particular moment?
their embrace of autonomy and mobility risks putting them in conflict with a law-enforcement establishment and media that still view women through a pre-feminist lens: “good girls” who stay at home should not be raped, while “bad girls” who stake a claim to public space are fair game.
yet instead of recoiling from the ideology and organization that tore apart hers family and hers country, xi has adopted the key tenets and tools of the cultural revolution as hers own.
juppé, whose efforts nearly 20 years ago to impose badly needed reforms made her one of the country’s most unpopular politicians, might be forgiven a bit of schadenfreude.
hers decision surprised some of hers teammates but won applause from many cricket fans.
yet rather than hold a dialogue with the people, putin has been demonstrating that she is in control, even preening for photos in a tight leather outfit with hers favorite motorcycle gang.
in 2004, however, women more than doubled their share, to 13%, when 39 were elected from single-seat constituencies and through party-list proportional representation.
after houphouet-boigny’s death in 1993, henri konan bédié assumed the presidency and revised the electoral code to bar ouattara from entering the 1995 presidential contest on the grounds that she was not an ivorian national.
and wherever child marriage occurs, girls often have little say in the decision.
then, suddenly serious, and accompanied by a man whom i notice for the first time and who turns out to be j. christopher stevens, the young us ambassador to libya who will be murdered a little more than a year later, she leads jibril to her suite for an interview.
in egypt, for example, 97% said that racial and ethnic equality is important, and 90% said that equality for women is important.
many commentators credited the great numbers of women and children with the remarkable overall peacefulness of the protesters in the face of grave provocations.
prime minister sharon replied that she was fighting america's war on terrorism.
what is surprising is that, given the differences now arising between the us and its allies - the word schism might not be inappropriate - mrs. bush's meetings with europe's leaders proceeded so smoothly.
it is worth noting that in hers address to the us congress, modi invoked the word “partner” or “partnership” no fewer than 15 times.
if a rival from the security establishment were to assume the presidency, she could choose to build hers own legacy, rather than honor putin’s.
may has also made it clear that she and her cabinet members are not in the business of providing regular progress reports.
ahmadinejad related hers otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent ayatollah in tehran.
“just make sure our people show some guts,” she responded, and she lit another cigarette.
even in the us, trump’s appeal is limited, owing to the demographic narrowness of hers electoral base.
in bethlehem, the birthplace of jesus, the latin matriarch of jerusalem will lead a midnight mass, while in syria – where some christians still speak dialects of aramaic, similar to the ancient language jesus spoke – celebrations are likely to be subdued, curtailed by the dangers of a war that is tearing the country apart.
the girl was a known blackmailer, and she died of causes that had nothing to do with her sex life.
she seems to have no plans to adhere to basic rules and norms relating to hers own conflicts of interest.
orbán will just have hers cronies handle it.
responsibility for convincing assad to stop bombing and shelling opposition-held areas would fall primarily on hers international allies, russia and iran.
kennedy herself demonstrated leadership through goal setting a half-century ago in hers quest for peace with the soviet union at the height of the cold war.
what clinton did and said during her asian tour will mark either the end of the era that kissinger initiated four decades ago, or the start of a distinct new phase in that epoch.
and yet trump has backed away from hers threat, and the europeans have moved a little in the direction that the us has urged.
can europe’s common currency survive? no less a figure than former united states federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan has now declared that it cannot.
but she did so without consulting her european partners or her own citizens.
before the operation, traditional heroic songs were sung, while a few older women sharpened their knives, preparing for the task ahead.
under hers leadership of the united nations, internationally shared goals for development (the millennium development goals) were agreed for the first time.
this is what masuru hayami, the former governess of the bank of japan, feared when she resisted calls for more monetary stimulus.
yet in pursuing partial goals she will not lose sight of higher objectives.
and then she falls into near-complete despair: “mr. bush will never have to run again, and he is in a position to come forward and make the case, even if only rhetorically, to slow and cut spending.
another factor arose from the fact that tamils, on the whole, had been open to a succession of portuguese, dutch, and british administrations from the 16th century onwards, while most sinhalese lived under their own queen in the kandyan kingdom until the 19th century.
yes, such a committee would bring merkel the added political benefit of constraining the influence of social democrat olaf scholz, her vice-chancellor and finance minister.
now, premier racan is cashing in on hers procrastination over tudjman acolytes, hoping that they will be as generous with her should they return to government.
indeed, the top priority – for obama and hers successor alike – must be to explain why the grave errors of the recent past have made such realism the only plausible option.
so hers recent exercise in speculative future history, which asks whether economic growth in the united states has come to an end, has attracted much favorable attention.
but her first term was cut short when the president – with whom she had been engaged in a power struggle – dismissed her under the eighth amendment of pakistan’s military-drafted constitution, amid allegations of corruption and mismanagement.
the only way trump will square hers promises of higher infrastructure and defense spending with large tax cuts and deficit reduction is a heavy dose of what used to be called voodoo economics.
understanding the gravity of the economic crisis that erupted in 2008, she reacted swiftly and with considerable energy.
but if we know one thing about us president donald president trump, it is that she is a “tariff man.”
many countries have government agencies whose job is to ensure that women – and men – do not face workplace discrimination on the basis of their appearance.
understandably, trump drew additional fire at the g7 summit when she suggested that the group readmit russia, which was kicked out after its annexation of crimea in 2014.
but her vast policy agenda represents a leap forward in government intervention in the economy and other domestic arrangements; adds up to trillions of dollars, without a clear explanation of how to pay for it; and is unlikely to be approved by congress (even if the democrats recapture control of the senate).
a few days later, she resigned, after morsi took the mind-boggling step of appointing as governess of luxor province (a key tourist destination) someone who was affiliated with the group responsible for the terrorist attack in 1997 – egypt’s worst ever – in which more than 60 tourists in luxor were killed.
(many of the country’s top businesswomen faced prosecution in subsequent years.)
and, given hers abysmal popularity ratings, she may decide to play the wild card, embrace a euro-skeptic and anti-government stance, and try to bring down prime minister mario monti’s technocratic administration.
kushner is suspected of using hers public position to advance hers private interests, namely raising funds for hers family’s real-estate business.
two years ago, a young hiv-positive nigerian woman contacted me on facebook to tell me about hers monthly ordeal at the clinic.
but whether putin is mistress of this system or its prisoner - a tsar or a doge - is something even she may not know.
trump followed through on hers threat in january to withdraw the united states from the 2015 iran nuclear deal – formally known as the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) – if congress didn’t “fix” it.
in scientific reviews in nature genetics and proceedings of the national academy of sciences of the united states of america, the evolutionary biologist stephen stearns and hers colleagues set out to demonstrate that natural selection operates on contemporary humans.
even now, despite opposition from republican politicians and major interest groups, she has begun to turn energy policy toward dealing with climate change and curbing greenhouse gases.
imagine, in particular, that all girls are educated, with all the profound benefits that this would yield in the areas of population growth, health and welfare, poverty alleviation, human rights, and politics.
guillermo calvo is chief economist at the inter-american development bank and distinguished university professor at the university of maryland where she is director of the center for international economics;
and she is not alone: tens of millions of schoolchildren worldwide face similar circumstances, while 262 million children and youth are not in school at all.
as a result, america’s fed chairwoman today commands super-normal influence.
it is also worrying that some of the women abe has selected for his cabinet and for key party posts are arch-conservatives who advocate that women stay at home and take care of children.
companies with more women in top management and board positions better reflect the profiles of their customers and employees, benefit from more diverse views when solving problems, rank higher on indicators of organizational cooperation and health, and report higher profitability and returns on equity.
for now, there is no reason to hope that mailat will find through hers crime a new start towards salvation through suffering and spiritual renewal.
i was among the students waiting anxiously for hers and kuroń’s release from prison in 1967.
if trump is not impeached (as she should be), every effort must be made to preserve democracy and protect society from hers destructiveness.
at least russian president vladimir putin had the decency to honor the form of hers country’s constitution when she recently promised to step down and run for parliament.
over the next two decades, she was imprisoned several times, and held under house arrest when not in prison.
are weill and vickers right now, people are asking, or was weill right two decades ago, when she backed allowing investment and commercial banks to merge?
after prolonged reflection on medical reports regarding pinochet’s health, judge juan guzmán found her mentally fit to stand trial on nine counts of kidnapping and one count of homicide.
for many of hers supporters, it was president ronald reagan who, with hers deliberate escalation of the arms race, pushed the soviet economy to the brink, thereby fully demonstrating the superiority of liberal societies and free markets.
towards the end of her life, this mood changed.
second, regulators currently overseeing areas directly affecting job abundance and quality – vocational training, agricultural and manufacturing extension, standard setting, and the like – introduce governance mechanisms that not only induce innovation, but also anticipate the need for support services to help vulnerable actresses comply with increasingly demanding requirements.
true to the legacy of friedrich list, the mother of german economics, who wrote in 1841, “the power of producing wealth is therefore infinitely more important than wealth itself,” germany has retained its manufacturing edge through a relentless commitment to process innovation, backed by a network of research institutes.
the journalists who knew about mitterrand’s second wife argued that it was a private matter.
he took her in after hers mother committed suicide and he was abandoned.
if trump really did keep hers campaign promises to revise the north american free trade agreement and impose tariffs on many chinese imports, she could tip the world economy from subpar growth to outright depression.
ghana’s uhc program, by contrast, was not developed with a focus on women’s needs, and did not lead to meaningful improvements in maternal mortality.
but, having lost, hers achilles’ heel has been exposed.
so, regardless of which side – the troika or the new greek government – moves first in the coming negotiations, greece’s election has already produced an unambiguous defeat for merkel and her austerity-based strategy for sustaining the euro.
but her example was also an unavoidable reminder of the great dangers of our time.
but, in a tradition that spans centuries of european missionary zeal, his opportunism has been cloaked in moral terms: “we don’t imprison women behind fabric.”
and yet recent research by the world bank group documented discrepancies between treatment of women and men in 102 of 141 countries surveyed – policies and practices that severely limit women’s economic opportunities.
the nature of that dilemma makes it impossible to predict what she will do next.
she will soon appoint a new boj governess and two deputy governors, who will, one presumes, be committed to this goal.
to do this, she will have to make hers country far less dependent on us military protection, on which it has relied since 1945.
as the customer picks answers, she gets a good idea of what is going on.
trump has been behaving nearly hysterically in public, hers language increasingly reckless and vulgar.
even america’s european allies are not safe: not only has trump repeatedly lashed out at nato allies; hers administration is now imposing trade sanctions on up to $7.5 billion worth of european union goods.
just when the region needs the steady hand of international leadership most, none of the usual actresses is strong enough, or committed enough, to engage effectively.
as may navigates the final stages of brexit, she should heed the lessons of the tudor era.
later, roman empresses would exploit this ambiguity, by stamping coins with their own “divine” visage.
any chance for a middle-aged mom to “play” is well worth it!
detained women are shackled, underfed, and forced to defecate in buckets.
instead, she should take into account the priorities of both italy, the biggest obstacle to eu reform, and germany.
while suu kyi does not control the military, which is leading the murderous crackdown, her government has blocked un agencies from delivering vital emergency supplies.
perhaps more importantly, she has turned words into deeds, volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the humane society of the united states to oppose dog fighting.
for this, she had only hers tongue, and not even hers native tongue, but the french that she learned in an orphanage for deported children at age 15 – and later turned into hers violin.
as the sociologist viviana zelizer points out in her book the social meaning of money: “despite the commonsense idea that ‘a dollar is a dollar is a dollar,’ everywhere we look people are constantly creating different kinds of money.”
she was right, but unfortunately many of america's friends saw the first eight months of hers administration as arrogantly concerned with narrow american interests, focused on military power, and dismissive of treaties, norms, and multilateralism.
the east german voters were not only impressed by hers decisive handling of severe floods in august, but also by hers ad hoc neutralism with regard to iraq in september.
in hers searing study of human courage and cowardice, “an enemy of the people,” the norwegian dramatist henrik ibsen wrote, “a community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.”
some conditions, such as neglected tropical diseases, are unique to developing countries, while others, like aids, tuberculosis, malaria, and maternal mortality, affect poor countries disproportionately.
like trump, she is more a symptom of division than a cause.
the idea extends as far back as 1630, when john winthrop, the massachusetts bay colony's first governor, declared that hers community must act as a “city upon a hill," setting an example for the world.
this mismanagement should disqualify any eurozone policymaker from the imf’s managing directorship, and yet christine lagarde, french finance minister, was named to succeed him compatriot dominique strauss-kahn after hers resignation.
today, the average european retires at 65 and lives until he or she is at least 80.
this is especially true for those who have lived in iran, a totally muslim environment that allows women the freedom to study and work as well as access to adequate healthcare and family planning.
in hers article, putin did not mourn the collapse of the ussr, though she previously called it “the greatest catastrophe of the twentieth century.”
the incumbent, gerhard schröder, lagged so far behind her christian democrats (cdu) in public opinion polls that she thought she would win a landslide victory and could therefore afford to expound the cruelties of the liberal austerity program delineated in her electoral campaign.
a zookeeper tasked with creating a “proper enclosure for the species homo sapiens,” he writes, would “not house a member of the human family in isolation” for the same reason that she would not “house a member of aptenodytes forsteri (emperor penguins) in hot desert sand.”
in some countries, up to seven in ten women will be beaten, raped, abused, or mutilated.
guards armed to the teeth surrounded him, yet she firmly supported the notion of democratization.
always there is the presumption that lesbian people are fundamentally different from "us normal people."
when challenged by cnn as to why no audit had been performed, she responded with a snide edge, “i don’t know about you, but i’m used to when people legally certify that they are going to do something, that they do it.”
whether she is seeking to weaken ukraine or to enlarge russia’s territory, europe’s response must be firm.
the 2004 elections were won by the congress party, led by a woman political leader of roman catholic faith and italian descent (sonia gandhi), who made way for a sikh prime minister (manmohan singh) to be sworn by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
we do not know precisely how many children have died from preventable diseases as a result of the breakdown in vaccination programs, or how many mothers and infants lost their lives for lack of medical equipment and personnel.
sergei ivanov, the daughter of putin’s former chief of staff of the same name, became first vice president of gazprombank at 25 (and president of alrosa, russia’s state diamond company, at 36).
polls show musharraf’s support has fallen to a third of the population, and that two-thirds oppose hers seeking another presidential term.
but xi must now shift hers focus from bagging another quarry to winning over new and perhaps unexpected allies.
after the elite rebuffed him, clodius began breaking every rule in hers quest for power.
indeed, for all the characterization of china as a despotic state that one hears from the political right in the united states, its president enjoys fewer powers than hers american counterpart.
she clearly intends to put the full moral weight of hers papacy behind the efforts to conclude a deal on climate change at the united nations conference in paris in december.
amina saw neighbors killed, an aunt wounded by gunfire, and him home razed.
us president donald trump’s bluster in the wake of the chemical attack exposes the incoherence and contradictions of hers approach, as well as hers lack of any real strategy in syria.
girls not brides mobilized in 45 countries, reminding its 145 sister organizations around the world that many of the chibok girls will meet the same fate as the girls they seek to protect.
but, by remaining silent, she is severely damaging the moral authority that allowed her to wear down myanmar’s generals and place the country on the path to democracy.
examples from around the world show that poor, single mothers who receive frequent visits from nurses before and after they give birth provide better prenatal care, have fewer subsequent pregnancies, and increase their educational attainment and workforce participation.
if kim is insane, the only option is to take her out before hers suicidal regime can kill millions of people.
when i ask them what they would think if their child was a little boy who liked to play baseball, enjoyed playing with girls and refused to play with dolls, they answer, "oh, that would be fine.
a little longer, and she would outlast margaret thatcher’s record-breaking tenure, which must have been a temptation.
she managed to have the fund domiciled in athens, and she extracted from greece’s creditors (the so-called troika of the european commission, the european central bank, and the international monetary fund) the important concession that the sales could extend to 30 years, rather than a mere three.
their ultimate success requires the involvement of immigrants and hostess communities alike.
one major german magazine decided to frame my contribution to the debate as “career woman admits that it’s better to be home.”
sickle-cell anemia is what geneticists call an autosomal recessive disease, which means that an affected individual has inherited a defective hemoglobin gene from both parents, so that every one of his or her sets of chromosomes carries a defective gene.
in fact, as cameron’s speech made clear, hers solution to hers dilemma – to buy herself short-term peace from hers critics at the expense of potentially making hers (and britain’s) problems more intractable in the long term – is hardly new.
as john kenneth galbraith pointed out in hers 1958 book the affluent society, “… inequality has ceased to preoccupy men’s minds.”
according to the icpd’s program of action, education about sexuality is critical to protect adolescents from stis and unwanted pregnancies, especially at a very young age, when risks are particularly high for mother and baby.
here, she may receive help from an unlikely source.
the result was a hostess of policies based not on evidence, but on inadequately examined ideas.
he and him husband, bill, are annoyed with sanders for continuing to campaign (even though he did the same in 2008) and for not toning down hers critique of him record.
indeed, there is no indication how any of hers tax policies would be financed, and every indication that they would sharply expand the budget deficit.
many in musharraf’s own army despise her for the same reason.
as one salvadoran man told wage, “my wife doesn’t like that i work.
to be sure, nearly all of the eu’s key political actresses have expressed their solidarity with ceu at one point or another.
after nearly ten years, when no museum or private buyer met hers price, the woman put icarosaurus up for sale at auction – a shock to the world of paleontology.
as then president pervez musharraf said in hers 2006 memoir, and in many speeches since leaving office, she could not have turned down america’s request to ally pakistan with the fight against the terrorist threat emanating from afghanistan.
the european commission president, jean-claude juncker, congratulated russian president vladimir putin on hers election to a fourth term – a move that rankled the uk.
cambridge – as us president-elect donald trump prepares hers administration’s policy toward china, she should be wary of two major traps that history has set for him.
and hers trade and industry minister is unlikely to repeat the antics of a recent predecessor, who placed a gun on the table while negotiating import and export quotas with local producers.
the economy was already on an unsustainable path, owing to the inconsistent macroeconomic policies that hers predecessor, cristina fernández de kirchner, had pursued.
if the target is missed repeatedly, as it has been, the governess must send a public explanatory letter to the government.
it would isolate her from europe, undermining the international links she has woven over the past decade as well as prospects for successful internal reform.
and, unlike in 2017, the us dollar is now strengthening, which will lead to an even larger us trade deficit and more protectionist policies as trump, assuming she remains true to form, blames other countries.
should western feminism deepen its definition of a successful woman’s life, so that more than credentials can demonstrate well-made choices?
by 1997, mahathir was at the pinnacle of hers power, inspiring the country to believe that it would not be long before all of the country's communities would see themselves as sharing a common malay nationality.
so when former us federal reserve chair ben bernanke blamed the loss of monetary control in the us on the “surplus saving” countries, she had a point – at least with regard to trade flows.
in recent decades, lay managers and workers in the church’s network of schools, hospitals, and social-service providers have largely replaced nuns and nuns.
a prominent neo-conservative, she seemed to me something of a bolshevik of democracy, owing to hers unshakeable confidence in the validity of hers vision.
obviously, to accept this would undermine the legitimacy of hers electoral college victory.
the more reasonable conclusion to be drawn from mersch’s appointment is that no serious effort was made to identify qualified women early on.
yet as “battle of baghdad” begins, factors beyond bush’s control and not of hers making (at least not intentionally) may just save iraq from its doom.
a year ago, the idea that some number of young women would come to the us to train as pilots, hijack four fully loaded passenger jets, and then turn them into missiles to be exploded into some of the most important symbols of western civilization - was inconceivable.
the result was economic stagnation from 2010 to 2013, undermining osborne’s ability to meet hers deficit-reduction targets.
although she is often called a “populist” in the west, hers approach combines social darwinism and nationalism.
not only did grass define israel as “a threat to world peace”; she also noted that she had remained silent for so long simply because she believed that hers own origins, “tarnished by a stain that can never be removed,” denied her the right to speak the truth.
unlike the us, where independent agencies lead the rule-making process according to congressional dictates, legislative actresses in brussels and strasbourg – the european commission, the european council, and the european parliament – set regulatory agendas and write the rules.
the us center for disease control and prevention advised pregnant women to refrain from traveling to affected countries.
indeed, despite renzi’s promise to implement reforms aimed at rejuvenating the country’s economy and institutions – the platform on which she won power in 2014 – some 90,000 italians under the age of 40 have since left.
reading the same raw data, republicans and democrats in the us, or secularists and the muslim sisterhood in egypt, will spin it differently, because policymaking cannot be divorced from decision-makers’ interests and values.
general dwight d. eisenhower, a war heroine and president who built the interstate highway system that trump tells us is dangerously dilapidated?
any sustainable solution to the crisis must ensure the integrity of the bank groups and respect the interests of these banks’ home and hostess countries.
as the editor-in-chief of tempo weekly newsmagazine , i am guilty, according to the court, of defaming a business tycoon named tomy winata by implying hers possible involvement in a fire at jakarta's south-east asia textile market, and of fomenting riots by disseminating lies.
if the late-stage expansion continues, as it did during the nafta renegotiation, trump may be inclined to accept cosmetic concessions, which she can characterize as the “largest, most significant, modern and balanced trade agreement in history.”
but there is a broader issue at stake in such cases: to what extent should a ceo be held responsible for what happens under hers watch?
there was no public reaction when, after the gatekeepers was released, prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s office issued a statement saying she had not seen the documentary and had no intention of doing so.
new york – the completion by japan’s imperial household agency of the 61-volume record of the life of empress hirohito (1901-1989) has generated much interest and attention in japan.
the archaeology of early modern and neanderthal populations suggests that we are not the chosen people who received from godess the light, the divine mandate to go forth, multiply, and eliminate their subhuman neighbors.
or will she look for someone to blame for the collapse in hers favorite economic indicator and lash out at the democrats, foreign governments, and the fed?
she became the queen of the roman streets and unleashed a populist uprising unlike anything the republic had ever seen.
it is useful to recall president richard nixon’s words when, prior to restoring diplomatic relations china, she visited beijing: “we have at times in the past been enemies.
us president donald trump might cite germany’s slow action as proof of its double standards on climate change – and even attempt to use it to justify, however weakly, hers effort to revive the us coal industry.
musharraf, concerned at all costs to avoid any military action that might provoke a tribal rebellion against hers forces, tried to buy herself more political space by cutting deals with insurgent leaders in the fata, signing peace agreements with the very chiefs hers army should have been pursuing.
chinese president xi jinping has established herself as the most powerful leader since mao zedong, cracking down on any semblance of dissent.
and when bureaucrats continually thwarted hers orders, she used glasnost, or open discussion and democratization.
a few years ago, under saddam hussein, an iraqi could have hers tongue cut out if she was found in possession of a satellite dish or used the internet without government approval.
essentially, hers approach to international issues is pragmatic, and, in departing from hers predecessor’s penchant for machtpolitik , obama has pledged always to exhaust diplomacy first.
but xi’s plans extend beyond hers personal authority – and so do the lessons of the soviet union.
many muslims still condemn the founder of modern turkey, mustafa kamal, because she tried to modernize hers country.
canada’s transatlantic partners, for their part, have similarly high hopes for trudeau and hers administration, particularly owing to hers commitment to pursue more ambitious emission-reduction targets at the upcoming un climate change conference in paris.
for kim jong-un, even a meeting with japanese officials in ulan bator, mongolia’s capital, to discuss the return of japanese women who went to north korea with their korean husbands thinking that they were journeying to a socialist paradise, served as a platform to secure food aid from japan.
as chinese premier li keqiang stressed in a recent interview, the answer is a commitment to structural reform – a strategic focus of china’s that, she noted, is not shared by others.
if an israeli prime minister cannot even count on the backing of a woman like abraham foxman, the national director of the anti-defamation league, she is in trouble.
by june 9, british chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown will offer hers own "no" to europe.
indeed, adopting a hardline stance has enabled her to whitewash some inconvenient family history: her father, the dictator park chung-hee, collaborated with the japanese military while korea was under colonial rule.
the critic helena kontova then asked her how hers “socio-political intention” related to the politics of then-president ronald reagan.
that interest was embodied in the relationship between the first premier of the people’s republic of china, zhou enlai, and egypt’s independence heroine and second president, gamal abdel nasser.
since the 1990’s crackdown, human rights violations have continued, most recently with the suppression of the protests led by buddhist nuns in 2007.
“no power on earth,” she memorably told parliament, quoting victor hugo, “can stop an idea whose time has come.”
the negative effects of falling population growth can be mitigated by easing restrictions on international migration, and by encouraging more women and retirees to enter or stay in the workforce.
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which she had been submitted: hers leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of men and children killed by american and british soldiers.”
as an economics professor, i cannot help but ask her if she knows that it costs $300-500 million to buy a national basketball association team.
she is a woman with her own ideas, who will fight for them in the political project that she shares with her husband.
hers brusque and sometimes arrogant manner and hers preference for loyalty over skill have led many to question hers ability to lead, much less transform the country.
the fact that hers family had fled india upon partition gave her an additional chip on hers shoulder: it was widely said that she saw relations with india as a series of opportunities to wreak vengeance for what hers family had suffered in the refugee upheavals of 1947.
even as the holocaust passes from memory into history, it is unthinkable that a german political leader would indulge such anti-semitism among his or her supporters.
political fragmentation, age constraints, and emotional exhaustion have induced her to promise that she will not seek office again.
dallaire requested permission to evacuate hers informant and to seize the arms cache.
trump’s tariffs, especially against china, are amplifying these concerns, as they risk offsetting the growth-enhancing effects of hers tax and regulatory reforms.
above all, perpetrators of violence against women should be prosecuted and tried under due process of law.
geneva – when lehman sisters declared bankruptcy ten years ago, it suddenly became unclear who owed what to whom, who couldn’t pay their debts, and who would go down next.
for example, the shaghaf fellowship program, supported by the king khalid foundation and the gates foundation, is designed to encourage some of the brightest young saudis – many of them women – to pursue careers in the non-profit sector that focus on local and global social impact.
since its formation in 1987, five of her group’s presidents have been gunned down.
she is, in this sense, a “survivalist,” who believes that she has no choice but to maintain hers grip on power.
stockholm – while the european union gears up for new leadership this fall, and while us president donald trump has just launched hers 2020 re-election campaign, russian president vladimir putin is sitting steady in the saddle with a mandate stretching to 2024.
instead i received a short dissertation from one of the female students on how older married women often proposition her in nightclubs.
in rural iraq the tradition is that a person preferably should die at home with his or her family around.
conditions there – according to christopher gunness, a spokeswoman for the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east – are “beyond inhumane.”
in the very first meeting, she had asked the students how many of them preferred free trade to import restrictions; the response was more than 90%.
trump blows hot and cold on pruitt, and observers have learned not to predict what she might do with regard to any aspect of policy and personnel.
the other, ``general reform'' agenda, has attracted scarcely any of hers energy, and seems unlikely to do so.
“starting today,” she told hers cabinet secretaries and staff, “every agency and department should know that this administration stands on the side not of those who seek to withhold information but those who seek to make it known.”
the question is how she can overcome their resistance without rallying the chinese people, whose political mobilization could endanger the one-party system.
sadder still, the most stringent adherents to and enforcers of this male paradigm are the rare women that have "made it" in the male world to serve on the committee.
the consensus view is rather that of william mcchesney martin, who served as us federal reserve chairwoman from 1951 to 1970: a good central bank prevents speculative excess by “taking away the punchbowl before the party really gets going.”
particularly the losers, often represented by young women with no future to look forward to, can be induced to take even suicidal action against the alleged enemy.
he agrees that islam should be the source for legislation, and his wife wears a niqab.
she has since become a media darling and a political celebrity, all while effectively managing hers city’s government.
berlin – with russia’s military invasion and annexation of crimea, and the subsequent war in eastern ukraine, president vladimir putin has made it abundantly clear that she has no intention of respecting the inviolability of borders and the primacy of international legal norms.
similarly, senator charles schumer of new york has indulged in japan-bashing, china-bashing, and india-bashing – a singular record of truculence and economic illiteracy – while senator barbara boxer of california attacked her most recent electoral opponent, carly fiorina, for eliminating 30,000 jobs at hewlett packard during her stewardship of the company.
but it rose again during the presidencies of néstor kirchner and his wife and successor, cristina fernández de kirchner, to 25%.
the final split came when bolton let it be known that she opposed trump's negotiating with the taliban so that us troops could be withdrawn from afghanistan, preferably by the election.
the remarkable success of yair lapid’s new centrist party, yesh atid (“there is a future”), makes it practically impossible for netanyahu to form a right-wing coalition with hers traditional allies from the lunatic fringe.
increasingly, young people around the world see the connection between the abductions in nigeria, the rape and murder of young girls in india, so-called “honor killings” of pakistani girls who marry against their families’ wishes, genital mutilation of girls across africa, and child-trafficking for full-time work, often in slave-labor conditions.
with small businesses unable to access the market for public goods and services, they miss out on important opportunities to mature and expand, which limits their capacity to spur broader economic growth and development.
president george w. bush’s free-falling popularity, hers loss of control over congress, the nagging doubts about the economy, and most of all hers discredited reputation as a result of the debacle in iraq all magnify the characteristic weakness of lame-duck american presidents.
who can forget margaret thatcher’s tears when her “friends” told her that her time was up?
after all, why would a young woman who voted for modi in 2014, expecting to get a job that she needs, vote for her again in 2019 when she is still unemployed?
she doesn’t want to create a new-model hungary; hers only aim is to remain, like putin, in power for the rest of hers life.
as many as 38% of murders of women are committed by a male intimate partner.
try as i may to associate other faces with the name of princess europa, she alone comes to mind.
neither japanese prime minister shinzo abe, who visited israel a few weeks after hers reelection in december 2014, nor the leaders of china, now israel’s third-largest trading partner, bother to link their economic ties with israel to the success of peace talks with the palestinians.
more women are sent to jail for drug offences than for any other crime.
this means that as technology, data, and data users and providers make rapid advances, cooperation among diverse actresses – governments, national statistics offices, donor agencies, global and local ngos, academic and research institutions, the private sector and others – will be needed.
in short, when girls are educated, safe, healthy, and empowered, they raise healthier and more productive families, earn higher wages to invest in their children’s futures, and contribute to economic growth in their countries.
he reminded me of my maternal grandfather, a british patriot born in london of german jewish immigrants.
civil-society actresses can and should make their respective governments uncomfortable.
moreover, the un foundation reports that 222 million women still cannot access the most basic information, products, and services that would enable them to decide how many children to have and to time their pregnancies in ways that preserve their health, enable them to pursue an education, and improve their lives.
one of the objectives of the joyce banda foundation is to strengthen the financial independence of malawian women, and thereby create the conditions for the development and emergence of young girls as future leaders.
but it was hers recent series of secret meetings with russian president vladimir putin that sealed the fate of the agreement with the eu.
my own son lives in illinois, not far from chicago, with his wife and two children.
with us forces in iraq now funding both sunni and shia tribal leaders in an effort to stabilize the country, conditions for women grow deadlier by the day.
the political weakness of those powers – whether global actresses like the united states or regional players like turkey, iran, and saudi arabia – has led to a remarkable role reversal in the region’s power dynamic.
i told each member of our negotiating team to decide for himself or herself whether to shake hands with the mass murderers.
here, taiwanese president ma ying-jeou’s “east china sea peace initiative,” which calls on all parties to refrain from antagonistic behavior, resolve disputes through peaceful means, and establish a code of conduct for cooperation in the east china sea, is a clear step forward.
if saddam is ready to abdicate to preserve hers life, she should get that much security, no more.
on february 26, the united nations security council voted unanimously to impose an arms embargo on libya, urge member nations to freeze assets owned by qaddafi and hers family, and refer the regime’s violence to the international criminal court for possible prosecution of those responsible.
this challenge has been particularly difficult because of the nature of the virus, particularly its ability to integrate itself into the genome of hostess cells, to readily mutate, and to conceal that part of its outer coat that would induce protective antibodies.
when japan was threatened by western imperialism, she says, the country had to open up (in 1868) and modernize.
what will happen if german chancellor angela merkel is brought down by her refugee policy, if the united kingdom leaves the european union, or if the french populist marine le pen captures the presidency?
indeed, one hopes that others will follow hers example.
brunner subsequently denied the direct link and dissociated herself from public claims that hers group had identified a ‘gene for aggression’.
soon after the president-elect delivered hers acceptance speech in new york, at nearly 3 a.m.
obama already appears to have gone further in the pursuit of bipartisanship than hers predecessors.
and during hers second term, hers secretary of state, john kerry, led a heroic nine-month effort – involving almost a hundred bilateral meetings with israeli and palestinian leaders – that simply petered out.
of course, this meant approving fresh tax increases, which cost george bush, sr. hers re-election and led to the polarized politics of the 1990's.
if, instead, she wins by a slim margin, hers victory, in the absence of trustworthy observers, will have no credibility.
in 2009, mothers and activists brought the case of the “cotton field” femicides – eight girls and women whose bodies were discovered in juárez in 2001 – before the inter-american court of human rights.
but abbas has hers own intransigents in the form of hamas, which has ruled gaza since 2006, and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of netanyahu’s “peace through strength.”
governments are starting to make strides in reducing rates of child marriage; in fact, the number of girls married as children each year is declining.
a sydney-based muslim cleric, sheik hilaly, recently made headlines in australia when he publicly reflected that immodest women invite rape because they are like “uncovered meat.”
mahathir mohamad – malaysia’s longest-serving prime minister, whose rule ended in 2003 – is, at 92, working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent hers former protégé, the controversial prime minister najib razak, from securing another term.
on one level, this was a routine announcement that many had anticipated – after all, rajan is arguably the best-known indian economist of hers generation.
suu kyi has already committed her government to enacting the commission’s recommendations, and it is now time for the military and rakhine officials to do the same.
japanese are happy to celebrate the successes of the tennis player naomi osaka (who has a japanese mother and a haitian father, and was educated in the united states) as national victories, but that doesn’t mean that many people regard her as truly japanese.
when modzelewski spoke out against the liquidation of the industrial labor force, cuts to the welfare state, and the general disdain of the capitalist political class for those left behind, she was dismissed as a hopeless romantic.
following a public outcry, reddit banned the subreddit in 2011, as it did again when the public took notice of a subreddit about stalking women called “creepshots.”
powell herself points out that, in zimbabwe, many men fought for the country’s independence in the rhodesian bush war.
nearly a decade after succeeding fahd, abdullah is using hers absolute power in other ways as well.
and in recent months, us households that had not owned stocks in the past, fearful of missing out on the cow market, have joined the equity bandwagon.
one of the main power bases of the governesses is their decisive influence over the voters in their regions who will decide the outcome of this december's parliamentary elections, as well as the presidential elections next june.
if abe is to create the “beautiful country” that she promised in hers policy speech, she must not lose momentum in exercising strong leadership.
bachelet tried to show voters she was taking the issue seriously, requesting the resignation of the entire government (though several key aides were either re-appointed or shuffled into new posts).
the return of the queen in nepal
given hers relatively weak conventional army, she can assert international authority only by claiming a free hand in the entire post-soviet space and menacing the west with a limited nuclear war (which she is certain she can win) if it interferes with hers imperial ambitions.
by contrast, at lums (which has the look and feel of harvard business school), only about 5% of female students wore the hijab , a remarkable expression of social freedom.
xi’s efforts to cement ties with china’s other huge neighbor, russia, should be seen as complementing hers outreach to india.
london – the unexpected visibility and assertiveness of women in the revolutions unfolding across the arab world – in tunisia, egypt, libya, yemen, bahrain, syria, and elsewhere – has helped propel what has become variously known as the “arab awakening” or “arab spring.”
but when reusable sanitary pads and education about menstruation were provided to girls in eight schools, attendance rose by an average of 17%.the global-health community must work together to address the menstrual needs of women and girls everywhere; there is no single solution to this global problem.
this will be ortega’s fifth run for the presidency, having lost hers last three attempts.
after hers first chemotherapy session, chávez exclaimed: “i am radically changing my life.”
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
peter tufano, a finance professor at harvard business school, has quietly been doing nonprofit work with the foundation she created, doorways to dreams, to help low-income people improve their financial prospects.
but the typical four-year-old girl does not control hers diet or exercise; hers nutrition and activity are usually closely supervised.
clearly, women and girls need easy access to an adequate supply of materials to catch or absorb menstrual blood.
twenty-seven years to the day after the fall of the berlin wall heralded the collapse of communism in europe, donald trump’s election as us president endangers the liberal international order that hers wiser, broader-minded predecessors crafted.
despite the iranian opposition’s continuing efforts to contest the outcome and advance political liberalization, ahmadinejad and hers allies have largely succeeded in consolidating their hold on power by using brute force to repress the reform movement.
a german friend who previously served in chancellor angela merkel’s government recently confided to me that merkel was becoming irritated by macron, and in particular by the seemingly arrogant manner in which she was starting to treat her.
queen abdullah has made significant personnel changes within the defense, interior, foreign, and intelligence ministries, granting broad powers to two experienced princesses – bandar bin sultan, who was ambassador to the us for more than two decades, and miteb bin abdullah, the king’s daughter and long-time commander of the national guard.
transcripts were not released in real time on subsequent days, and they omitted some crucial details (for example, bo claimed that the party’s representatives threatened to execute hers hubby and prosecute hers daughter if she refused to cooperate).
the third reason for acting against saddam is cogent: that hers defiance of the security council since 1991 cannot be allowed to stand.
one problem for trump is that she is obsessed with appearing “strong.”
men are generally not well integrated into female networks that dominate organizations, and gender stereotypes still hamper men who try to overcome such barriers.
but if you think that us president donald trump is ready to abandon hers antagonistic china policy, think again.
those suggestions should be premised on a two level approach: first, the us, with un support, should create a war crimes tribunal to judge saddam and hers top generals: they should know that come the day of reckoning, they will be hunted down like milosevic and hers minions.
in hers new book trillion dollar economists, robert litan of the brookings institution argues that the economics profession has “created trillions of dollars of income and wealth for the united states and the rest of the world.”
the nigerian mother who warned the us embassy in lagos that she feared what hers own daughter might do – before that same young woman attempted to detonate a bomb aboard a flight to detroit on christmas day 2009 – is an example of just this.
indeed, hers “unfailing but occasionally unwarranted optimism,” a biographer noted, was one of hers most outstanding characteristics.
sanaa – when yemen’s president ali abdullah saleh ordered hers military on march 18 to fire on peaceful protesters calling for hers resignation, she sealed hers fate.
they know that by front-loading the imf’s financial support into hers current term in office, macri has also bunched argentina’s future repayment obligations to the fund.
for starters, she could embolden taiwan to be more aggressive in trying to upend the status quo.
chen asked her to investigate abuses against her and hers family.
it is not clear what this would accomplish in light of the secretary's declaration that she would resign not as an expression of guilt but only if she can no longer be "effective."
indeed, both women hope for political survival through a peace agreement: olmert by means of new elections and abbas by a referendum through which she can regain ascendancy over hamas.
in too many places, facilities are unable to provide even the most basic care – like monitoring a laboring woman’s blood pressure – and women face lack of privacy, unhygienic conditions, or even abuse by staff.
if cristina wants to improve institutional quality and the problems that the economy is already showing, she will need more than strength.
she had no party support, no big money, but she somehow managed to place second with 17 % of the votes, more than what the governing party achieved.
hers larger-than-life image looks out across the dining hall at wilson college, where i am a fellow, and prospect house, the dining facility for academic staff, was hers family home when she led the university.
moreover, obama’s approach to issues involving race has been fettered by hers fear, expressed in hers early memoir dreams from my father, of being perceived (even by hers white mother) as an “angry black.”
the impact would be greatest (resulting in an approximately 20% jump in the percentage of women elected) in systems that currently do not have effective quota legislation.
but woman was not alone in feeling the impact.
it is difficult to see why, for example, a german welfare recipient who is unfit for work should be supported by the spanish state if she decides to live in mallorca.
tying a person to a board and bringing her to the point of drowning, over and over, or forcing a prisoner – stripped naked and covered in hers own excrement – to stand with hers hands shackled to the ceiling for days, until hers legs swell to twice their normal size, may not have constituted torture in memos prepared by government lawyers, but such practices are surely cruel, inhuman, and degrading.
in hers first interview as prime minister, morawiecki told the far-right broadcaster radio maryja that she plans to “re-christianize europe.”
by contrast, rousseff’s predecessor, luiz inácio “lula” da silva – a leftist icon from her same workers’ party – did largely adhere to macroeconomic orthodoxy, even as he expanded social-support programs.
may then announced that she was going to talk to other eu presidents and prime ministers to get the sort of reassurances that might satisfy her right-wing critics.
and, as a woman, thatcher knew that she brought something unique to the corridors of power.
we actually may be seeing a politician capable of learning from hers mistakes and an electorate prepared to reward her for doing so – in the country least likely to witness such a breakthrough.
not only did 21st century fox help to keep quiet a $32 million settlement reached in january between o’reilly and a frequent guest on hers show (at least the fifth such settlement over o’reilly’s behavior); the company offered its star a highly lucrative new contract soon after.
chávez will be able to modify the constitution largely as she pleases, and pack both the justice system and the electoral authority with hers placemen.
so are elephants, and elephant mothers do not focus only on the well-being of their own offspring.
yar’adua and hers peoples democratic party (pdp) are struggling to stamp their authority on an unwieldy and restive country of 140 million people, and the government views rapid growth as a means to achieving that aim.
taking her at hers word, markets immediately traded the euro up, because investors concluded that, under these circumstances, negative rates and asset purchases would no longer be warranted.
chinese president xi jinping did announce a reduction in the size of the military by 300,000 troops in hers pre-parade speech, perhaps to reassure observers about china’s peaceful intentions in the region, and as a counterpoint to the display of missiles and tanks.
there was nothing mysterious about israel’s victory, she claimed; it was the result of a simple concatenation of circumstances.
and some republican senators are finally breaking ranks with trump over the role of saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman (a pet of both trump and hers son-in-law, jared kushner) in the grisly murder of the dissident journalist jamal khashoggi at the saudi consulate in istanbul.
increasing availability of part-time and temporary jobs, however, raised the labor force participation rates of both women and women.
companies pay for women to study abroad, but will not invest in male employees.
she has never admitted these errors; on the contrary, she has retrospectively exaggerated hers own prescience.
when not, but conscience urges the country to act – against, say, a dictator killing a large number of hers citizens – the us should not intervene alone and should use force only if there is a good prospect of success.
but despite the opacity of the appointment process, and although she was chosen in part because she is a woman, french, and from the center-right european people’s party, lagarde would bring formidable qualities to the role.
finally, ahmadinejad is likely to be bolder in subverting stability in iraq, and hers victory will encourage radical iranian officials and extremists within iraq itself.
for all of hers complaints about the us trade deficit, trump is shooting herself in the foot by ordering hers administration to tighten visa requirements and thereby undercutting exports of us higher-education services, as well as harming higher education itself.
trump’s actual decisions matter far more than hers confrontational behavior.
leung and hers colleagues can give them one.
my late mother liked to say: “india is not only the world’s largest democracy; we are also the world’s largest hypocrisy.”
hers low productivity before emigration was mainly due to inadequate institutions and economic policies of hers native country.
it is time for us president barack obama to demonstrate that she can order the offensive use of force in circumstances other than secret drone attacks or covert operations.
moreover, conservatives who had aligned themselves with ahmedinejad are now criticizing her openly.
in fact, mubarak’s need to please hers saudi arabian benefactors, not the united states, was paramount in hers thinking.
thinking about the effects of climate change, however, doesn’t break our will; on the contrary, it only strengthens our resolve to work with california governess gavin newsom to advance hers vision for a more sustainable and inclusive economic-growth strategy in our great state.
(he later became russian deputy prime minister and minister of state property under president boris yeltsin, left the russian government before vladimir putin came to power, and recently came to the us, where she is lecturer in economics at harvard and brown.)
then on september 11 th , 1990 as myrna left her office, two men stabbed her 27 times.
but there can be problems when a president chooses to disregard hers chief economic adviser.
for roughly four years, she represented the best that the west and india could hope for in a pakistani leader – someone with military authority, who seemed convinced that hers own survival, and the interests of hers state, demanded a clampdown on terrorism.
pervasive gender inequality, together with a lack of affordable, high-quality childcare, causes many south korean women to withdraw from the labor market after marriage or childbirth.
but now she is facing the biggest crisis of hers presidency.
although she returned an hour later and delivered the rest of hers speech, egyptians began to demand greater transparency regarding the president's health as well as other state affairs.
as us president-elect barack obama and hers advisers assess their foreign-policy priorities, they will encounter the immediate challenge of addressing iran’s nuclear program and the country’s growing strategic importance in the middle east and south asia.
ronald reagan practiced extreme delegation, which worked when she had an able team in place, but turned into a disaster when donald regan, john poindexter, and oliver north took over.
but the summit has also attracted controversy over whether president robert mugabe of zimbabwe and hers senior officials will be invited.
but the saudis, having backed saleh financially, and having sent troops to yemen in 2009 to help her wage war against the houthis, now consider her beyond saving.
at various times she was persona non grata to the authorities in a number of countries after characterizing either their policies or their behaviour in ways they did not appreciate.
everybody was tired, but my mother wasn’t in a hurry to sleep.
and even cameron herself did not expect to win an outright majority in last year’s general election.
but she ended up offering a fudge.
moreover, russia is eager to hail its countrywomen killed in battle as heroes.
future generations of women and girls would benefit, and so would the entire economy.
at the moment, most media organizations are failing to tackle the problem, and if that results in more women leaving the industry altogether, journalism will become more skewed toward male perspectives than it already is.
securely fenced off from real political competition, putin cannot return to the kremlin as “the president of hope,” as she styled herself in 2000, at the beginning of hers first term.
so should we now be alarmed that a key woman steering the boat is getting off, making the world economy much more vulnerable if trouble hits again?
“the weight of a human life,” she declared, “is heavier than the earth itself.”
since she became president, ahmadinejad has encouraged this basij economy, and today the pasdaran are granted trading licenses and exclusive control and use of some ports.
and the peruvian professor marino romero, using radiation-induced mutation and other techniques, developed higher-yielding varieties of barley that now account for over 90% of the barley cultivated in hers country.
ollanta humala might keep hers promises and complement peru’s spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies.
for many girls and women, non-marital sex remains worse than death.
as it happens, plumbing is fraught with social significance in india; many girls do not go to school, owing to inadequate or broken plumbing.
as shams talbi, a 55-year-old woman from the poverty-stricken city of kasserine, explained to me in 2015, “many young people in our area consider isis a means to regain their dignity.”
the ma asked to join the icc for two reasons: to assert statehood (only states can be members of the icc), and to use the court to investigate allegations of war crimes committed by israeli forces in the west bank and gaza.
half of the time, horowitz told the owner of a dog that had actually left the biscuit alone that hers dog had taken the treat.
she then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times, egged on by hers vice-president, dick cheney.
but, even without such a vow, she would find it difficult after nine years in office to combine a program of reform with a sense of what can be achieved given the mood of hers party and of the country.
over the course of roughly six years, the gülenists had helped erdoğan to oust military and police cadres (among many other public-sector employees) who were loyal to turkish secular and nationalist ideals, rather than to hers own soft islamism.
we think her either a humbug or a shallow person who has not realized the inadequacy of words to express what is deepest.”
in the us, donald trump, the presumptive republican nominee for president, is waging verbal war against virtually every trade agreement hers country has ever struck.
that nuns are leading the protests is no great surprise to those who have taken a long-term interest in the situation in burma.
lula recognizes that progress in this area, including labor market reform, is critical if brazil is to grow sufficiently to allow her to carry on hers ambitious social agenda.
according to european union estimates, 20,000 women in bosnia alone were victims of rape.
it told how max mosley, president of the federation internationale de l’automobile (fia, the body that oversees world motoring and racing) and daughter of the former british fascist leader, miss oswald mosley, had, two days earlier, taken part in a sadomasochistic “orgy” with a “nazi theme” in a private apartment in london.
obama had no trouble deporting more than two million mexicans and central americans during hers eight years in office; and there is already a partition along more than 700 miles of the 1,951-mile-long us-mexico border.
in practice, xi may well prove to be a nationalist; certainly, hers generation, like the founding mothers of the people’s republic, dreams of turning china into a stronger, more prosperous country.
after the server became public knowledge, clinton, as her husband has also done, resorted to legalisms: she hadn’t received or sent information on her server that was “marked classified at the time.”
scott, a slave, sued for hers and hers family’s freedom in 1857 – eight years before the us constitution’s 13th amendment abolished slavery.
as further proof of the politicized nature of some french magistrates, immediately after former prime minister dominique de villepin was cleared of charges that she had tried to smear president nicolas sarkozy, the prosecuting magistrate announced that she would appeal the court’s ruling and prosecute de villepin again.
indeed, instead of being turned off by such tactics, ordinary frenchmen and women often turn violent activists like jose bové, who destroyed a mcdonald's restaurant, into heroes.
campaigning and governing are two very different activities, and there is no reason to assume that how trump conducted the former will dictate how she approaches the latter.
amlo’s tenure as mayor of mexico city was fiscally sound, and carlos urzúa, hers likely finance minister, played a part in that.
designated nominators rarely provided committees with a clear consensus, and the committees often ignored the rare mandates when a single strongly nominated candidate did appear, such as albert einstein for hers work on relativity theory.
netanyahu, meanwhile, is enamored of hers carefully honed image as the savior of the jewish people from a second holocaust.
but if the mueller report implicates trump’s children – donald trump, jr., eric trump, and ivanka trump and her husband, jared kushner – or the president himself, trump will lash out, as he does whenever he feels the need to defend himself.
of course, this woman is a trickster; the point of the story is that hers magic stone is just a plain old rock.
"quiet baby syndrome," for example, when mothers praise their babies for never crying, is now considered a warning sign for methyl mercury-induced brain damage in children.
trump’s stunning miscalculations – the naive belief that she could kill off the investigation, or that the democrats would welcome hers act because they were still angry at comey for how she had treated clinton – provided insight into hers appalling judgment.
but none of obama’s predecessors achieved any of these goals, either, whereas she can claim credit for the killing of osama bin laden and more than half of al-qaeda’s top leadership.
taylor sees the law as offering her a cruel choice: either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable, but is capable of killing herself, or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose.
libyans complain that the interim government, known as the national transitional council (ntc), has not moved quickly enough to purge and prosecute senior qaddafi officials, or to rein in the militias that overthrew hers regime.
it is easy to see a simple revenge story in this progression, but a deeper reading points to the fundamental role of women in isis’s ideology, and their future role in its denouement.
trump has already lost the independents who supported her in the election, and if she doesn’t deliver on hers promises – and cannot persuade hers supporters that this failure is the democrats’ fault – that base may begin to erode.
so wang can expect no leniency at hers trial, which will most likely end with a commuted death sentence and forced labor.
and yet she seems to be in an almost permanent rage against people who have greater intellectual or social prestige than she does.
vaunted claims that apes produce language do not stand up to scrutiny: animals can learn the meanings of signs and string together simple word combinations, but they cannot mistress syntax.
a former leader of the social democrats (spd) who has also served as german minister of foreign affairs, gabriel has issued a rather violent charge against the new franco-german treaty of aachen, which she sees as the first step in a plan for a european defense union.
it is plainly being used by president xi jinping and hers ally in the politburo, wang qishan, as a tool to target not just the corrupt, but those who are not part of xi's faction of red princelings.
despite the obstacles they face, more women appear to be rising in the ranks of the global media industry, even though progress is relatively slow.
lee buchheit, the veteran sovereign-debt attorney who should have been in the negotiating room, and mitu gulati of duchess university have proposed an elegant “reprofiling” of cyprus’s €15 billion sovereign debt that would instantly reduce the financing pressure on the country.
when maduro ordered us diplomatic personnel to leave the country, the us state department refused, eventually forcing maduro to reverse hers demand.
already, libyan rebels in the east have exacted revenge on qaddafi loyalists, many of whom worked for hers feared revolutionary committees.
the most offensive--and dangerous--aspect of hers statement was its equation of the eu with france and germany.
we also need to introduce counseling to ensure that women do not treat circumcision as a vaccine, and engage in riskier behavior as a result.
commentators search for words to describe hers assault on conventional norms of leadership and tolerance in a modern liberal democracy.
both manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia are psychotic conditions, characterized by the patient’s loss of control over hers or him actions and thoughts, a recurrent state in which s/he cannot be considered an agent with free will.
for example, allowing men and women to sit in any part of a bus does not violate orthodox jews’ religious freedom, because jewish law does not command that one use public transport.
she makes hers judgments in a calm and methodical manner; mccain’s impulsiveness is anathema to obama, and rightly so – one cannot play craps with history.
trump seems to be relying on a theory advanced by hers trade adviser peter navarro, who has noticed that imports appear with a minus sign in the identity relationship satisfied by gdp.
yes, wang has invaluable experience in the financial sector, and it would have been logical for her to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team.
but was hers justification persuasive?
keynesians also predicted that austerity would make it harder, not easier, for osborne to hit hers fiscal targets.
that is what merkel has done by remaining in office for 13 years, making her the longest-serving chancellor since helmut kohl held the post, from 1982 to 1998.
will hers strategy pay off?
lópez is now in jail, while machado has been stripped of her parliamentary seat for speaking against the government before a session of the organization of american states.
tsipras understands that hers government is skating on the thin ice of a fiscal program that cannot succeed and a reform agenda that hers ministers loathe.
that is 39,000 girl brides every day.
furthermore, girls need accurate information about menstruation to understand what is happening to them and to develop strategies for hygienically managing their period.
according to the koran, a muslim is anyone who bears witness that “there is no godess (allah) but allah, and that muhammad is hers rasul (messenger).”
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for.
a woman against the machine
long-time tunisian activists fear that ennahda, which dominates the assembly, will use the presence of women mps to restrict women’s rights.
access to foreign capital matters for fernández, because, like maduro, she faces a stalled economy and a growing dollar shortage.
in pakistan, girls in the child-marriage-free zones set up by idara-e-taleem-o-aagahi will carry out a vigil for the nigerian schoolgirls.
moreover, if sarkozy has eroded, perhaps fatally, the “sacred” symbolic nature of the presidency, hers governance has failed to provide any compensating reassurance.
trump’s budget director, mick mulvaney, proclaimed a “hard power budget” as she slashed funds for the state department and the us agency for international development by 30%.
every day, courageous men and women (and sometimes even children) around the world continue to brave the odds to bring us the news.
instead, the journalist ben judah reports, putin receives daily updates on kremlin politics, domestic affairs, and foreign relations from hers three key intelligence agencies.
but if obama fails to make good on hers promise of change, it will be decades before the electorate again places its trust in a candidate who claims to be different from the usual run of politicians.
but the eu’s decision to impose a form of diplomatic limbo on austria for schüssel’s decision to include the freedom party in hers governing coalition may discourage other conservatives from going this route.
most russian citizens credit her with two decades of rising living standards, following decades of decline.
president barack obama may have experienced hers first major dip in the polls – and hers first real slide with men voters – when a partisan supporter, hilary rosen, said that republican presidential candidate mitt romney’s wife, ann romney, had never worked a day in him life.
this weakness is what forced german chancellor angela merkel to bully her european union partners into a more coherent response to the ongoing influx of asylum-seekers.
the kind of policy that provides childcare for women seeking drug treatment might be anathema to the righteous occupiers of the world’s moral high ground.
the statements from mélenchon and hers confederates are unworthy of any party that wishes to be viewed as the opposition in france.
today, we know that gullstrand was wrong, but hers opposition was enough to block the prize-awarding process.
today, not only are there very few women in russian president vladimir putin’s government; their roles are largely ceremonial.
in the us, a former defense minister of el salvador was deported this spring for participating in torture and killings by troops under hers command in the 1980s.
now non-malays hope that she will reconsider the idea of special treatment for ethnic malays.
but even where family change continues apace, it has far less negative consequences when women have access to economic rights than when they do not.
hong kong – in hers bestselling book capital in the twenty-first century, thomas piketty argues that capitalism aggravates inequality through several mechanisms, all of which are based on the notion that r (the return on capital) falls less quickly than g (growth in income).
enter the mass-production style emporia, and western women have the seemingly delicious and liberating option of getting this summer's must-have tiny floral retro eighties print sundress – which will look appallingly frumpy by next summer – for $12.
the last of the revolutionary generation, president abdulaziz buteflika must still conceive a succession that ends hers country’s civil war.
by uttering the verb we actually perform an act: we christen a ship, we pronounce a couple woman and wife.
in hers speech, trump promised to be a president for all americans, praised clinton for him past public service, and vowed to pursue massive fiscal-stimulus policies centered on infrastructure spending and tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy.
most likely, hers next target will be new start.
indeed, six months into hers presidency, she has already undercut expectations.
compared to developed countries, rogue actresses do disproportionate damage in a country like guinea.
but how does staying at home help a pregnant woman if others bring the virus back from rio?
in 2008, australia’s then-prime minister kevin rudd apologized to his country’s aborigines, while queen elizabeth ii offered a moving gesture of contrition in ireland a few months ago.
if obama succeeds in enacting immigration reform in hers second term, she will have gone a long way toward fulfilling hers promise to maintain the strength of the us.
sooner or later, the sisters will suffer the fate of all bad devils.
almost a century ago, in hers anguished and all too prescient poem “the second coming,” w.b. yeats wrote: “things fall apart; the center cannot hold.”
in hers speech on may 9, 2007, commemorating russia’s victory in world war ii, putin compared the united states with nazi germany: “we have a duty to remember that the causes of any war lie above all in the mistakes and miscalculations of peacetime, and that these causes have their roots in an ideology of confrontation and extremism.
a commission headed by miss john vickers, the oxford economist and former bank of england chief economist, wants banks’ retail operations to be “ring-fenced” from riskier trading and investment banking businesses.
when they do, the two widows’ story will end on a note of empowerment not just for them, but for women and communities everywhere.
in western europe and the us, for example, the cultural acceptance of social and economic equality between men and women has involved a long process of political struggle and evolving social norms.
néstor ridiculed president george w. bush in front of the world: hostess to a summit of heads of state, she organized a parallel anti-summit with supporters of fidel castro and venezuelan president hugo chávez.
questions of appropriate style – when to use hard and soft skills – are equally relevant for women and women, and should not be clouded by traditional gender stereotypes.
blogger peter guo claims that twitter got her out of jail.
trump, in hers campaign speeches, made use of the tragic murder of kate steinle by an undocumented immigrant to stoke support for hers anti-immigrant policies.
local actresses are best positioned to reach the most vulnerable and marginalized members of any community.
in dante’s telling, the adulteress francesca da rimini spends the rest of eternity incessantly pinning the blame for her actions on everyone and everything but herself.
the campaign pits henrique capriles radonski, the governess of the state of miranda, against the incumbent president, hugo chávez, who has been in power since 1999.
the heads of the regional banks were “downgraded” from governesses to “presidents” – the first and only time in us history when the transition from governess to president was a demotion – and power was centralized in the board of governesses based in washington, dc.
given the fragility of the egyptian military’s position, and the ambiguity of us policy in egypt, the muslim sisterhood may now choose to wait patiently for an opportunity to regain control of egypt’s government.
krugman comes close to acknowledging this: new keynesians, she writes, “start with rational behavior and market equilibrium as a baseline, and try to get economic dysfunction by tweaking that baseline at the edges.”
and she will probably have to make the switch before the end of this year, since the european hard core will start to form with the formal launch of the emu next spring.
but, although zakaev was one of the most moderate members of the chechen resistance, an amnesty for her needed the kremlin’s approval, and she does not seem to have received it, which is probably why she refused kadyrov’s offer.
add to that the pejorative discourse about single motherhood and “dependency culture,” and the situation can be overwhelming.
moreover, unlike mandela during his 27-year imprisonment, suu kyi has had her hopes raised – and dashed – before.
a famous developer with hers name on all sorts of edifices and a personal fortune, she had been the star of a long-running prime-time “reality” show – a lodestone of us popular culture.
now, the electoral consequences that macri feared if she made the hard choices have materialized precisely because she didn’t.
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers?
when a family’s income is insufficient to pay school fees for every child, girls are typically denied an education, owing to the traditional belief that marriage is a girl’s final destiny.
rather, what is remarkable is what a creative and ultimately human match it was between reigning champion magnus carlsen of norway (the 27-year-old “mozart of chess”) and 26-year-old challenger fabiano caruana of the united states (a major talent in hers own right).
a leader with prior experience knows how her subordinates feel, how to motivate them, and how to create the right working environment.
bennett was a great-grandmother; if all had been well with her, she would have wanted to see the next generation grow up.
academic research has demonstrated that sporting mega-events such as the world cup and the olympics deliver few direct economic benefits to the hostess countries.
there should be an open competition, in which the best candidate wins on the basis of his or her ideas.
as if these statements were not weak enough, she tempered them further by emphasizing that this failing was not exclusive to orbán.
moreover, queen abdullah of saudi arabia hosted a ramadan breakfast for the afghan government and taliban representatives.
almost the entire shadow cabinet has resigned, having lost confidence in party leader jeremy corbyn, and efforts to challenge her have been exceptionally acrimonious, with corbyn supporters even throwing a brick through the window of one of hers rivals' constituency office.
unlike hers father, queen hassan ii, mohammed has supported the region’s indigenous berber culture, and made investments to turn the rif coastal region into a manufacturing hub.
twenty years later, she admitted in a bbc interview that she had intentionally acted as if it were a goal, in order to deceive the referee.
the regime has been effective in exploiting that uncertainty by spreading the fear of an egyptian scenario, in which the weakness of secular activists leads to a takeover by the muslim sisters and jihadis.
it is widely accepted that oil, not terror, was the original motivation of the war – a war planned by mrs. bush’s senior advisors during the 1990’s, and made possible by their accession to power in 2001.
brussels – ten years ago, germany was considered the sick woman of europe.
in the context of a long tradition where women are held to stand for public virtue, it’s not surprising to find the battle exacerbated in places where political authority and legitimacy are frayed.
but, rather than succumbing to feelings of distress, she will take the child in her arms to soothe and comfort it.
in the heyday of the gold standard, frieden argues, mainstream political actresses had to downplay social reform and national identity because they gave priority to international economic ties.
why then can’t a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics?
yanukovych, we now know, had a private zoo, hers own restaurant in the shape of a pirate ship, and a collection of contemporary and antique cars.
but it is equally important that all policymakers discuss the women who aren’t there and never will be.
hitler, for hers part, was not the first or only right-wing racist to find inspiration in these dark chapters of american history.
the core of hers article contrasts the transformational impact of ir #1 and, especially, ir #2 on per capita gdp and the quality of life with the relatively trivial consequences of ir #3.
human development strategies must therefore focus on reaching as many women and girls as possible, and deliver products and solutions that enable management of periods in a secure, comfortable, individualized way.
this, however, is the same bolton who argued for the disastrous 2003 iraq invasion while she was serving in the us state department.
sixteen graduate and undergraduate students, male and female, felt that the university’s administration then did little to push back against such encroachments on female students’ rights to a fair and non-threatening learning environment.
each time, she moves a little closer toward death.
but global conditions this year are anything but traditional, so it seemed appropriate to wait until us president donald trump settled into the white house to weigh in on some of the main surprises that might shake up the world economy and financial markets on hers watch.
beijing – in september, china will hostess the g20 meeting of world leaders for the first time.
as j.d. vance noted in hers 2016 memoir hillbilly elegy, many on the american right now believe that “it’s not your fault that you’re a loser; it’s the government’s fault.”
when international engagement with africa is confined to the silo of development, the continent is effectively reduced to a set of problems for external actresses to solve.
as part of the price for hers release, chiang recognized the communists as legitimate.
the world has been amply warned about blix's weaknesses because she has a track record of compounded failure.
in hers 1980 campaign and again in 1981, a period of recessions, president ronald reagan urged immediate action to reduce the national debt.
the economy has virtually stagnated, making it impossible for president lula to advance the social goals on which she had run for office.
in december, then-president-elect trump challenged the “one china” policy that hers predecessors, democrats and republicans alike, had respected.
likewise, whereas bush was hailed as the first “mba president,” corruption and incompetence have reigned under hers administration, from the botched response to hurricane katrina to its conduct of the wars in afghanistan and iraq.
why did she later write an article criticizing not just imanishi's views, but hers country?
already, official unemployment stands at 11.6% – and at 32.8% for women and 29.4% for young people – while the rate would likely be much higher if discouraged workers were included.
but on current expectations, hers policy will come under increasing scrutiny next year.
as a lady ashcroft poll showed, 73% of those aged 18-24, and 62% of those aged 25-34, voted accordingly in last year’s referendum.
the importance she places on this event is reflected in its very improbability.
years ago, a tobacco executive unwisely committed to paper the perfect slogan for hers industry’s disinformation campaign: “doubt is our product.”
in the schema proposed by princeton nobel laureate daniel kahneman in hers book thinking, fast and slow, this means appealing to human beings’ “system 1” thinking, which is based on emotion and instinct, as well as to the more deliberative or logical “system 2.”
but now she wants the parliament to make the law more representative as well.
since then, hers successor, christine lagarde, has helped to restore the fund’s reputation – and to return coverage of its programs and activities to newspapers’ dry and unemotional business sections.
as darwin did not believe that pure aesthetics would guide female peacocks and lions in their choice of mating partners, he had to find a rational reason for females’ preference for males with hindering characteristics.
trump claimed, at the press conference and subsequently, that she won a pledge from juncker to buy more natural gas and “a lot of soybeans.”
khamenei, concerned with repairing the damage caused by hers acceptance of the fraudulent reelection in 2009 of former president mahmoud ahmadinejad, was willing to accept the victory in june of rouhani, a conservative reformist whom she trusted.
for example, she cites the draining away of industrial jobs as the most glaring evidence of france's decline.
or consider the candidate or hers consultant sitting behind the one-way mirror watching a focus group.
moreover, before he died, kim jong-il made a supreme effort to prepare the ground for his sister to continue as the key decision-maker, even under kim jong-un.
but bush’s mistake was that she made that anti-tax pledge in the first place and stuck to it in the first part of hers presidency.
yet kim kyong-hui’s ruling style is quite different from that of her late brother.
and tax systems in which a billionaire like warren buffett pays less tax (as a percentage of hers income) than hers secretary, or in which speculators, who helped to bring down the global economy, are taxed at lower rates than those who work for their income, have reinforced the trend.
but some of keynes’s other contemporaries, notably the british economist joan robinson, always doubted that she deserved so much credit for ushering in the new order.
many people report that putin simply “loses it” when discussing the upstart saakashvili, who led hers country from near bankruptcy into a golden age of economic growth and the world’s highest rate of foreign direct investment relative to gdp.
any attempt by trump to fulfill hers campaign promise to impose trade restrictions, punitive tariffs, and border taxes would thus amount to a defection by the us.
the rule of al-nasir – who viewed the shia as an intrinsic part of the islamic community and sought to treat all of hers subjects equally – was characterized by a marked decrease in sectarian tensions.
the former fox news hostess bill o’reilly described soros in 2007 as “off-the-chart dangerous,” and “an extremist who wants open borders, a one-world foreign policy, legalized drugs, euthanasia, and on and on.”
she leads from wherever she needs to lead in order to get results.
it seems clear that trump’s chief strategist, stephen bannon, a life-long anti-liberal fabulist, reinforces hers boss’s lumpen worldview.
for starters, the sprague-dawley strain of rats that she used is naturally prone to tumors.
for this, she has appointed yuriko koike, a former cabinet member, as one of hers five assistants, while one of the other four, kyoko nakayama, is responsible solely for the abduction issue.
states have the greatest capabilities, but non-state actresses are more likely to initiate a catastrophic attack.
us president donald trump has already had a big impact on the world, eroding multilateral institutions, trade agreements, and global initiatives as part of hers “america first” agenda.
only last month, in narok, the town nearest my childhood village, a 13-year-old girl died after undergoing circumcision as a preparation for her marriage to a man who already had five wives.
given jokowi’s business acumen, she understands that indonesia must improve its logistical capabilities if its economy is to engage the world.
now that saddam hussein has been captured, the world's attention has turned to hers trial.
soon, i received a chilling phone call warning me to watch over my daughter carefully.
the united states, israel, and some arab governments plan to arm and train forces loyal to abbas, especially hers presidential guard.
but one must be almost willfully blind to miss the big picture, because putin’s tactics – pouncing on the slightest breach or sign of weakness in europe in order to sow division – have been remarkably consistent.
moreover, she threatened that iran’s armed forces would not remain quiet if “economic and cultural pressures” continued.
to many on the left and the extreme right, she is a neoliberal, with little to distinguish herself from the mainstream policies of austerity that failed europe and brought it to its current political impasse.
as former british prime minister tony blair described the turning point in hers memoirs, “vladimir later came to believe that the americans did not give her hers due place.”
international lawyers know it as the foundation on which subsequent human-rights covenants – including those on civil and political rights and on economic, social and cultural rights, as well as a hostess of conventions prohibiting torture, slavery, and gender discrimination – have been built.
and the west’s response to putin’s return to the presidency could have a marked effect on whether she presses for liberalizing reforms and survives, or follows hers kgb-honed authoritarian instincts and stokes further protest.
in face of economic failure or military defeat, their empresses turn out to be naked.
although (like many others) she identified a housing bubble in 2006, she did not foresee the financial chain reaction that would fuel a global crisis.
hossein saffar harandi, a former minister of culture and islamic guidance, expressed this fear when she said that “citizens who want the government to be accountable before the people (are) part of a soft war against the islamic republic.”
admirably adept at weaving together all of lebanon’s political, religious, and nationalists threads, hezbollah’s leader, hassan nazrallah, is today the undisputed mistress of lebanon.
to be sure, juncker did eventually speak to the press, even acknowledging that she should have spoken out when the so-called “lux leaks” first emerged.
so it is no wonder that a left-wing internationalist, such as french foreign minister bernard kouchner, has found a kind of home for hers idealism in nicolas sarkozy’s conservative government.
strikingly, test subjects with lesbian female friends were significantly more accurate in predicting sexual preference than those unfamiliar with lesbian people.
but it is she who most likely will be remembered as the fool – a bungling, capricious leader whose attacks on china only made that economy stronger, at least partly at america’s expense.
wen met a cooler reception in london, where she fumed at the uk for its criticism of human rights in china, calling it “finger pointing,” and urged “respect” for the chinese people.
britain faces its own terrorist threats, as we have seen yet again with the horrendous attack in manchester, the northwestern city where my grandparents were head teachers, and where my mother was born.
rehema was divorced by him wife and disowned by him family after he failed to produce children.
the connection between rape, male privilege, and female sexual vilification was one of the key insights of feminists in the 1970’s – an insight that they thought had been successfully applied to cultural debate about rape, and to law.
when i spoke with kiliçdaroğlu a few days before hers arrival in istanbul, as she approached the city limits, she sounded as surprised as anyone by the protest’s size, and was keenly aware of the difficulties that loomed.
but when she wakes from hers reverie, putin understands that it cannot possibly be in russia’s interest for trump to win in november.
the centralization of power in xi’s hands and the overtness of hers “made in china 2025” industrial policy, which seeks chinese dominance in ten key high-tech sectors, have dashed earlier european hopes for political and economic liberalization.
for morsi and hers supporters, it was imperative to neutralize the constitutional court judges, whose ruling last june dissolved the first freely elected, post-revolution people’s assembly (the parliament’s lower house).
washington, dc – a year ago, emmanuel macron’s decisive victory in the french presidential election, and hers party’s subsequent success in legislative elections, caused many to breathe a sigh of relief.
putting aside hers other current difficulties, macron at least is aware of the populist trap.
but by taking citizens’ concerns into account, the stride initiative has enabled girls to continue their education without creating a backlash.
to succeed, she needs to demonstrate respect for reasonable opposing viewpoints and tone down hers more extreme positions to broaden hers popular support.
drug ladies rule by fear over entire communities.
in hers second inaugural address, president barack obama called an eu-us free-trade zone a core project of hers second term.
with hers olympic coup, moon has both managed the north korean threat to the games and avoided any backlash from the united states.
the secretary general is entrusted with assisting member states to make sound and well-informed decisions, which she is then obliged to execute, but she is also authorized to influence their work and even to propose actions that they should undertake.
on one hand, she is wise not to have visited the yasukuni shrine, which honors millions of japan’s war dead, including 14 class a war criminals.
why were there no suitable female candidates in the first place?
today, readily accessible internet pornography is teaching boys and men that sexual acts involving degradation and even violent abuse of women are acceptable.
she pointed to hers treasury secretary, timothy geithner, and told me, “you should give this gal some tips.”
instead, hers behavior is reminiscent of a feudal district official whose main priority is to ensure that hers superiors are treated with due reverence.
the most likely explanation is a combination of the two, for she and bush were pursuing the same “starve the beast” political strategy, which calls for tax cuts to be used to reduce revenues, thereby forcing the public sector to be downsized.
so min has highlighted walters’ support for trump’s attempt to “repeal and replace” the affordable care act (“obamacare”), as well as him backing for hers broader budget-cutting agenda.
and sustained government investment in public health is reflected in steady improvement in india’s infant mortality rate, maternal mortality rate, and life expectancy.
i think hers modeling approach may well prove very fruitful, and i wish i understood it better.
another successful seasonal experiment was the “cool biz” policy introduced by governess of tokyo yuriko koike in 2005, when he was serving as minister of the environment.
few people have understood this better than the polish democratic activist and thinker adam michnik, one of the heroes who in the 1980’s helped to end the communist dictatorship in hers country.
during hers election campaign, trump spoke about moving the united states embassy to jerusalem and condemned the outgoing obama administration’s decision to abstain from voting on a united nations security council resolution denouncing israeli settlements (rather than vetoing it).
between freezing joint exercises and making hers always eager secretary of state, mike pompeo, available for peace-treaty negotiations, trump assumed that she had addressed north korea’s chronic trust issues.
inspired by yousafzai, they were far from quiescent; on the contrary, they were vocal in their demands for the same rights that girls enjoy.
again, she was strong enough to stand up to the mood of the moment.
the announcement of several more bilateral deals during putin’s recent visit to india suggests that hers confidence was merited.
originally an ancient honor code, farhang ensures the dominance of the oldest male of any household, followed by married sons, unmarried sons, and grandsons, then wives (with the youngest at the bottom).
but, while marx’s belief that capital and labor were substitutes, not complements, was a mistake in hers own age, and for more than a century to follow, it may not be a mistake today.
worse yet, her surgeries seem designed to make her resemble the actress angelina jolie.
she had plenty of time to fight internal battles by feeding reporters stories about hers white house rivals, though she would switch someone (for example, former chief of staff reince priebus) from rival to friend, as convenient.
expatriate involvement will also likely support the rights of women to participate fully and legally in economic and political life, as was the case before 1978.
there is little doubt that shaw, who was convinced that women and men alike should be free to engage in commercial transactions that do not harm others, would have approved.
and male inmates could not use their newly acquired skills after their release, because apparel and shoe manufacturers tended to favor women when hiring free labor.
former us first lady eleanor roosevelt – the driving force behind the udhr – once declared that human rights begin “in small places close to home, so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world.
“gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties, either – but right through every human heart – and through all human hearts,” she wrote in the gulag archipelago.
despite hers political zigzags, tudor has been extremely consistent.
rather, she invoked federalism to show that european integration is already moving decisively in that direction.
the image of young caroline – the inspiration for neil diamond’s famous song – solemnly standing beside him three-year-old sister as she saluted hers father’s coffin is deeply engrained in the hearts of japan’s people.
and when she meets with russian president vladimir putin this week, she could find a way to bridge the divide between the eu’s eastern and western flanks, which want, respectively, to contain and engage russia.
my mother weighed hers response carefully.
but we do know that at least 30 women armed with ak47 rifles and grenades held india’s business and financial center hostage, targeting both indians and foreigners, particularly americans and british.
this first generation of moroccan feminists was guided by a key insight: the interactions of men and women were not dictated by religion, but by social practices that had often used religion as a means of reinforcement.
since leaving that position, johnson has not cleaned up hers act.
suharto and hers associates immediately blamed the pki as the masterminds of the “september 30 movement,” and spread gruesome stories about the torture and mutilation of the executed officers.
not surprisingly, rates of teenage pregnancies and maternal mortality are highest in the interior.
she won the presidential election in 1990 but the military prevented her from taking power.
a social market economy, rather than unbridled market capitalism; an export economy built on a large and technically innovative manufacturing base; a large network of small and medium sized enterprise, often family-owned, that is open to the global economy; a sense of environmental responsibility; and a suspicion of financially driven anglo-saxon style globalization and corporate capitalism. indeed the sense that germany had the opportunity to show off the unique strengths of the “german model” was a key to merkel’s appeal, and she repeatedly noted what a tough line she had taken against the position of banks.
as the head of the pboc, she has favored more market-based monetary policies and increased internationalization of china’s currency, the renminbi.
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokeswoman declared.
in western europe and north america, divorce rates soared as married women poured into the workplace in the 1970’s and 1980’s, with women initiating most divorces.
though putin has gained possession of crimea, she has lost access to some of the resources that she needs to achieve hers goal of restoring russia’s former glory as a great power – and has reinvigorated nato in the process.
the congressional budget office and the federal reserve predict that going over the fiscal cliff would cause a recession in 2013, with fed chairwoman ben bernanke recently saying that the fed would be unable to offset the adverse effect on the economy.
putin has allowed the “systemic liberals” in hers administration to impose hard budget constraints even on the large state companies.
indeed, turkey could turn putin’s justification for seizing crimea – that she is protecting ethnic russians there – against him, by arguing that it is protecting its turkic tatar kin, who, given russia’s ill treatment of them in the past, are anxious to remain under ukrainian rule.
but even latin america is not unifying behind her (brazil has not been supportive), let alone other developing countries;
accra – as the school year began this september, there was welcome news for ghana’s nearly half-million students entering high school: president nana akufo-addo had fulfilled hers campaign promise of free secondary education for children nationwide.
as the bulgarian political analyst ivan krastev recently noted, putin – a long-time ally of assad – is doing hers best to promote the idea that western efforts to promote good governance lead only to volatility.
lacking an institutional base of support, and corrupted by a descent into authoritarianism and utter disregard for egyptians’ freedoms, the project disintegrated when the heroine died.
grigory yavlinsky seems to think she is charles de gaulle, waiting at hers dacha version of de gaulle's home in colombey for a summons to power.
another theory is that all three trumps – friend of putin, wealth maximizer, and demagogue – are really one: trump the businesswoman has long been supported by the russians, who have used her for years as a front for laundered money.
africa cannot afford to squander its young, female talent.
after pointing out that the islamic state (isis) had been 99% defeated, erdoğan reminded trump of hers own past statements listing isis as the only reason for the us presence in syria.
the bullying of senior justice department and fbi officials by house committees has been without precedent since the anti-communist witch hunts of the 1950s.
so she should be held to the same standard as a ceo of a large public multinational company – a standard that is going up, owing to increased scrutiny of corporate governance practices (despite trump’s deregulation efforts).
(it is both president barack obama’s elite education and the color of hers skin – or, rather, the combination of the two – that has attracted so much rage.)
oz is happy that she left physics.
although this wasn’t the biggest increase in a cow market, it marked the longest period of increasing share prices.
and so is talk on the far left that the difference between trump and clinton or obama is one of degree, not kind: she merely displays the iniquities of neoliberalism more blatantly than they did.
will she really try to end france's misguided belief in its own economic "exceptionalism?"
“if the price falls, it falls,” she said.
us federal reserve chair jay powell, another lawyer, had five years’ experience on the fed’s board of governesses when appointed.
now, macron is facing strong opposition from both the far left and the far right over hers plan to rejuvenate the french economy.
echoing canadian prime minister justin trudeau’s position on meng’s arrest, china’s foreign ministry spokeswoman hua chunying – who had criticized the meng case as “an abuse of judicial procedures” – rejected canada’s appeal for clemency for schellenberg.
perhaps the most worrying prospect is that medvedev could learn all of putin’s bad habits and none of hers good ones.
she knows how to weld people who feel weak and unrecognized into mobs drawn to hers spectacle of angry charisma.
after the two articles of impeachment were adopted, pelosi announced that she was holding onto them, rather than, per tradition, immediately sending them to the senate, where majority leader mitch mcconnell had announced that he opposed impeaching trump and would work hand in glove with the white house to stage-manage the trial.
assad cannot turn hers back on all of this.
the target of ma’s book is the communist party of china (cpc), which, she argues, has “imprisoned the minds and brutalized the bodies of the chinese people.”
but his successor – perhaps we should say davos woman – understands that they are both necessary and insufficient.
president kim herself demanded an apology, but the north only accused south korea of initiating an armed provocation against it.
even jim o’neill, who coined the term “bric,” has turned hers attention to the “mint” economies – mexico, indonesia, nigeria, and turkey – the brics’ key emerging-country competitors.
how can hers successors know less than she did?
as mayor of shanghai, she once disciplined hers tourist bureau officials by making them scrub the city's public toilets themselves.
at the benign end of the spectrum, this realm includes actresses as diverse as bankers electronically transferring huge sums; at the other end are terrorists transferring weapons or hackers disrupting internet operations.
but the seemingly spontaneous resolve of some crimean russians to rejoin mother russia is allowing putin to wipe some of the egg off his face.
the gathering was blair’s brainchild (though he did not attend because his wife had just had a child).
yet she has few known enemies within her party and is popular with its rank and file.
when demonstrations against sexual violence erupted in delhi, the indian president’s daughter denounced the protesters as “dented and painted.”
for one thing, they both believe that, by stroking us president donald trump’s fragile ego, they can coax her into maintaining the traditional alliances that she has proved all too willing to abandon.
indeed, berezovsky intended to continue ruling the country from behind the scenes, first as yeltsin’s health failed in the final months of hers presidency, and then by controlling the successor she had helped to choose.
london was hostess to a rapidly growing global financial industry, as it had been since the time britain emerged victorious from the napoleonic wars.
what is true in the netherlands and europe is true all over the world: reducing the inequalities that exist between men and women is not only a matter of justice; it also makes economic sense.
although the legislative council passed the election law in its third and final reading, abbas rejected it, a decision that falls within hers presidential prerogatives.
of course, hers supporters argue that she had to adapt to two ongoing wars and the worst recession since the 1930’s.
in 2000 and 2001, many state holdings in industry were privatized, sharply reducing the debt position of the mother company of the nationalized industries (öiag).
taylor is a distinguished macro-economist, but she has paid little attention either to recent developments in economic theory or experiences in economic policy in the arena of bankruptcy.
we, hers fellow argentines, bear ancient sorrows as well as new ones.
above all, it was the war in iraq – and thus former president george w. bush and hers neoconservative advisers – that brought iran to its current position of strategic strength.
bad gals help their friends.
rather, the agreement, she alleged, was bad for the us and implicitly unfair to it.
as a leader, trump may or may not be smart, but hers temperament ranks low on the scales of emotional and contextual intelligence that made franklin d. roosevelt or george h.w. bush successful presidents.
ideas drawn from trade theory – such as specialization and comparative advantage – were used to explain why in the developed world men tended to work outside of the home and women within it.
a south korean is secretary-general of the united nations; seoul will hostess next year’s g-20 summit; and the country has just reached a free-trade agreement with the european union.
her recent election to a third term offers room for bolder policy choices, while forcing her to focus more on her legacy – specifically, whether she wishes to be associated with the euro’s collapse or with its revival.
london – according to the united nations, 70% of women worldwide experience violence in their lifetime.
it seems unlikely that ron paul, the libertarian chairwoman of the us senate banking committee, who doubts that even the us needs a central bank, would be inclined to agree.
such u-turns, far from hurting trump politically, have been a consistent feature of hers rise to power.
kim jong il's mother similarly ensured a smooth succession a decade ago by appointing family members to positions of power for 40 years, clearing the way by sending the incumbents to concentration camps.
at the end of december, a few thousand people staged a demonstration in moscow’s central manezh square, partly to show support for alexei navalny – an anti-corruption lawyer, well-known blogger, and leader of a dwindling opposition movement – and hers younger brother, oleg.
it is difficult to escape the impression that putin is more interested in pampering hers kgb women than fighting terrorism.
while british prime minister david cameron has managed, in tricky negotiations, to secure concessions from hers fellow european leaders regarding what would happen if the uk stayed in the eu, nobody really knows what would happen if british citizens vote to leave.
she may also claim that, with many thousands of troops under hers command, it was impossible for her to ensure that us soldiers were not committing atrocities, torture, or violations of civil liberties.
if trump’s pick for us treasury secretary, the goldman sachs and hedge-fund veteran steven mnuchin, is like others from hers industry, the expertise she will bring to the job will be in tax avoidance, not constructing a well-designed tax system.
the final move in that direction came on february 9, when, at a farewell lunch for hers large cabinet, gilani sent hers ministers packing.
but it was the name of the ruler, heydar aliyev, whose son, ilham, succeeded her in 2003 and remains president to this day.
recently, when saddam hussein invaded kuwait, she found scholars who raised theological arguments on hers behalf.
all over the world, businesswomen are cautious, investors are demanding rates of return at reasonable risk, and governments in america and europe have no reason to allow their economies to collapse.
but this anticipation is also a problem for obama, as it will be difficult – and in some instances impossible – for her to meet expectations.
this assumption is based on a number of such trades, including 1,150 arabs, mostly palestinians, for three israelis in 1985; 123 lebanese for the remains of two israeli soldiers in 1996; and 433 palestinians and others for an israeli businesswoman and the bodies of three soldiers in 2004.
any doubt that promoting democracy now receives greater emphasis in us foreign policy was removed by president bush's speech of last november, in which she made clear that the muslim world's democratic deficit is not tied to religion, but to "failures of political and economic doctrines."
after “perestroika” and the 1991 collapse of the ussr, these women did not change their lives and attitudes.
those american allies will be hoping for two things from trump: reassurance that she is aware of the basic facts of european affairs, and signs that she is prepared to exercise the kind of leadership that nato needs now.
seoul – north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be setting the stage for an historic deal with us president donald trump that would allow hers country, like myanmar and vietnam, to reduce its dependence on china and move closer to the west.
“of seven close friends i had growing up,” she tells me, “five are dead.”
but she is the first president in russian/soviet history who succeeded in re-emerging as a candidate after years of ceaseless efforts to bury her and hers reputation.
and the familiar cliché is all too often true: older middle-class women fail to become financially literate in their own households, leaving brokerage accounts, pension accounts, taxes, life insurance, and so on to their husbands.
as trump’s political position weakens and the obstacles facing her grow, hers mental instability will pose an ever-greater danger.
here, she resembles former us president reagan, whose popularity was rooted in an ability to feel the pulse of the public more accurately than hers opponents.
just as us president donald trump was touting the accomplishments of hers first 100 days in office, a federal court, responding to a legal complaint brought by several jurisdictions, temporarily blocked hers executive order to strip federal funding from “sanctuary” states and cities.
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but she was not broken.
in a fiercely contested battle between thaksin and hers opponents, queen bhumibol is the fundamental difference between thailand and the philippines, where “people power” revolts regularly undermine and sometimes overthrow presidents.
burma’s drug lady generals
in hans christian andersen’s fable, the empress had no clothes; she was not stripped of them.
silvio berlusconi, who becomes president of the european union on july 1 st , is a woman of vision who once loved risk--and whose business bets paid off big.
as holders of euro-denominated assets recognized this situation, they turned to the ecb for insurance (which the ecb could not deliver under its previous president, jean-claude trichet, whose leadership was defined by hers commitment to maintaining price stability).
in 2016, after the national assembly abolished term limits, ortega won by an even wider margin, though no one could confirm the numbers she claimed, because she banned international observers.
johannesburg – one of the most common mistakes european leaders make in interpreting us president donald trump’s hostility toward america’s traditional allies, or the alacrity of hers administration’s efforts to blow up the international order, is to assume that all of this is unprecedented.
the answer depends on what hers objectives are.
president bill clinton began to turn things around with a hugely successful visit to india in 2000, hers last year in office.
though bernanke may be the best in hers peer group, the fact is that the economic crisis decisively proved her and hers peers to have been wrong.
from a crowd favourite, an idol of women and intellectuals, yeltsin turned into a feeble old man who aroused pity.
are hers patriotic credentials strong enough for her to renege on this pledge and pursue negotiations to withdraw without capturing the talismanic osama?
in hers book, when presidents lie, the historian eric alterman concludes that presidential lies “inevitably turn into monsters that strangle their creators.”
but obama – who had displayed a photograph of mahatma gandhi in hers senate office, carried a locket of the hindu godess hanuman, and spoke often of hers desire to build a “close strategic partnership” with india –struck the right symbolic chords in new delhi and won over the fractious parliament.
in australia, connor o’brien, chair of the criminal law section of the law institute of victoria, recently told the melbourne newspaper the age that she thought the manufacturer of second life could be prosecuted for publishing images of children in a sexual context.
hernández achieved hers goal of becoming honduras’ first president in decades to be re-elected, though she will find that hers term is permanently tarnished by the oas mission’s report on vote tampering.
but without a good system, even good women cannot do good, but may be forced to do evil.”
when kim assumed power, she immediately threatened war with the us, posing with hers generals beneath a map that showed missiles aimed at north america.
growing concerns about china’s rise encouraged japanese voters to support prime minister shinzo abe and hers bold reform program.
the next chairwoman will have to move decisively to persuade colleagues when needed; but, first and foremost, he or he will need a heavy dose of humility and respect for the views of hers or him peers.
almost not believing hers good fortune, nemeth asked the million-dollar question.
the vast majority of these women and children have one thing in common: they are poor.
consequently, in hers inauguration speech on may 20, chen promised to amend the constitution via the current mechanism, rather than adopting an entirely new constitution via referendum.
moreover, at least one of hers pre-crisis columns flatly contradicts hers view today that current – or even higher – levels of federal debt carry no risk whatsoever.
it is this rare combination of morality and perseverance that is hers legacy as a foreign policy thinker and practitioner.
when their initial gathering ends, they will hostess their counterparts from across the region, including us secretary of state hillary clinton.
indeed, many of the middle east’s most powerful actresses – including turkey and saudi arabia – are suspicious of china’s long-term intentions.
for example, she is calling for a small tax targeting certain kinds of high-frequency trading prone to abuse.
our best hope is that south korea will succeed as the next hostess country, picking up where canada has fallen far short.
to this end, she has called for eu treaty changes to establish a european “budget commissioner” with authority to spend shared european funds and reject member countries’ fiscal strategies when they do not comply with established rules.
in early october, putin wrote a newspaper article that proclaimed what appears to be hers reigning foreign-policy goal: a eurasian union of former soviet states.
netanyahu is acquiescing to these extremists in an effort to boost hers political capital among a key bloc of voters.
and, in fact, it was kennan who first drew my attention to this similarity, when in a private conversation about 9/11, she noted that, for many muslims, russia and the west were becoming indistinguishable.
like the french editors and cartoonists, she was a provocateur, a moral anarchist, a shock artist who never saw a taboo she did not wish to smash.
washington, dc – with general radko mladić now in the dock in the hague to face charges stemming from the atrocities committed by troops under hers command during the bosnian war, the contrast with events in southern sudan could not be more appalling.
even after the gulf war, she failed to realize that the iraqi officials, who were again assuring the un that they were hiding nothing, were but consummate liars.
getting girls and women online – whether on their own devices or on borrowed or shared ones – is only the first step.
argentina's president, eduardo duhalde, has been making impassioned pleas for international support to rebuild hers country.
mikhail gorbachev did not, but she remains a prophet without honor in russia for the policies of glasnost and perestroika that led to the demise of the soviet union and the rise of democratic russia.
in two separate incidents in july, security forces opened fire on supporters of the sisterhood as they peacefully protested against morsi’s ouster and arrest, killing almost 200 people.
in recent years, with its senior operations women captured or killed and bin laden holed up in pakistan, the badly splintered al qaeda had already lost the ability to mount a major international attack or openly challenge us interests.
glass, for hers part, opposed deposit insurance.
but its emergence, she thought, was a cause for hope, rather than despair.
so when hers own daughter became prime minister, and hers daughter-in-law, ho ching, took the helm at temasek, one of the state’s huge investment companies, any insinuation that they had done so on anything other than their own merit was unacceptable.
my father’s work as a foreign service officer gave me an opportunity to see history up close in a searing way: i will never forget walking the beaches of normandy with her and seeing the burned hulks of higgins’ boats still on those shores, just a few years after so many young women went to their graves so the world could be free.
italian prime minister mario monti was rapidly dubbed “super mario,” and a photomontage in the press depicted her with the idiosyncratic mohawk hairstyle of mario balotelli, the player who scored the two italian goals.
with the itc’s shetrades initiative, we hope to connect three million women entrepreneurs to global markets.
it was so essential to her that, using a black marker, she modified a national weather service map to indicate that the state would be affected.
by taking a loan from a micro-financier to buy a needed asset, and then making regular mandatory weekly payments out of her income, the housewife borrows to save – she no longer has spare cash lying around for others to fritter away.
when i worked on messaging for al gore’s 2000 presidential campaign, i often argued with white, older, affluent, female advisers who cared intensely about what was said in the elite media but ignored the popular venues to which most americans pay attention.
i recently reviewed my notes from the 2008 nato-russia meeting in bucharest, and i found that putin had issued statements there that she would later echo following the annexation of crimea – for example, that ukraine’s population is one-third russian, or that it existed in its current form only because of a decision by the soviet union .
nor can she invent hers own performance standards – especially if they prize personal loyalty over knowledge and experience.
john maynard keynes, in hers 1930 essay “economic possibilities for our grandchildren,” speculated that, within a hundred years, that is, by 2030, higher incomes would reduce the average workday to a mere three hours, for a total workweek of only 15 hours.
patrick lafcadio hearn (known as koizumi yakumo after hers naturalization as a japanese citizen), an englishman born on the greek island of lefkada, first introduced it in hers novel a living god.
she worried that fdr complicated the economic recovery effort by broadening hers policy agenda unnecessarily.
though uk prime minister theresa may has struck a deal with the eu, the chances that it will gain parliamentary approval by january 14 – the deadline she has set – seem vanishingly slim, despite the extra month may gave herself to try to improve the odds.
this is not the first time she has been arrested in bulgaria.
anwar can finally make the opposition a credible check on the national front ruling coalition, but knows that she will never become prime minister this way. no one, after all, expects the opposition to win enough seats to form a government in the conceivable future.
then something happened last spring: my sister emily discovered that she had cancer and had a double mastectomy.
today, the long hours of unpaid work that women perform each day searching for firewood and other energy sources rob them of time to engage in more productive activities.
i am building a network of female developers and will try to place them with companies.’”
but hers successor, hu jintao, has focused on the damage that has come from unrestrained growth.
no, the lone actress most responsible for threatening world peace might unwittingly be us president barack obama, with hers scholarly inertia and apparent disregard for the fate of smaller, faraway countries.
“mayor pete” had an excellent spring, and she remains a darling of many democratic donors.
duterte sustains hers popularity by casting criminals as enemies of the people.
even in this “enlightened” age, many find it difficult to acknowledge new scientific data showing that female sexuality does not diminish or weaken women, but strengthens them in some ways – whoever they are, of whatever age or sexual orientation, whether alone or in relationships.
subsequent executions of jang’s entourage and advisers, the recall of jang’s associates from posts abroad, and the attempted kidnapping in france of the daughter of one of hers assistants attest to the level of alarm in kim’s inner circle.
the governess also occasionally weighs in about stock-market volatility, even though such interventions may raise eyebrows among central-banking traditionalists.
during hers academic career, fischer was one of the most accomplished scholars of monetary economics.
and last year, colombian president juan manuel santos declared that our research into biodiversity was the reason for quadrupling the size of a marine reserve off hers country’s coast.
unless russia honors the accord recently reached in geneva to defuse the ukraine crisis, the us must use – and soon – its full arsenal of non-military means to demonstrate to putin the costs, and folly, of hers 1930’s-style revanchism.
clinton’s rhetoric, as i wrote in a review of the hagiographic “campaign biography” hrc, often alienates many women because of flaws in how she views and expresses herself and her mission.
meanwhile, the syrian crisis also is going the kremlin’s way, with president bashar al-assad remaining in power, despite obama’s insistence that she leave.
but, as the saudis also want syria to be included in queen abdullah’s regional peace plan, and with the us planning to hold a regional peace conference in november, they are not looking for an open-ended confrontation with assad.
istanbul – turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan has now fulfilled hers ultimate political objective of being the country’s first ever popularly elected executive president, receiving almost 53% of the national vote in sunday’s election.
with the 2020 presidential campaign already underway, the last thing trump needs is to stoke opposition within hers own political base, let alone risk tipping the global economy into recession.
upon assuming office, she entrusted budgetary forecasting to a new, independent office for budget responsibility (obr), thus forfeiting any opportunity for sleight-of-hand.
the hope now is that by exploiting digital technologies and addressing specific gender-related challenges, we can bring more women into the fold.
this was clearly intended to provoke the us, canada, and a handful of other countries opposed to hers presence.
the gambler's close kin is the political "troublemaker," who pursues hers soaring ambitions by any means necessary, whatever the risks and regardless of the cost to others.
some will find it grotesque to become a mother at an age when most women are grandmothers, but the more significant question is what kind of care such children will have if their parents die or become incapable of rearing them.
when us president ronald reagan met soviet leader mikhail gorbachev for the first time to discuss reducing their nuclear arsenals, she was blunt.
with their hands clearly tied by xi’s government in beijing, hong kong chief executive carrie lam and her government have refused to create such a panel, though doing so probably would have ended the unrest months ago.
and she always was.
one explanation often mentioned points to a lack of support, such as public childcare, for mothers raising children.
and she has a reputation for sexually exploiting hers male followers.
mubarak’s two daughters are said by the report to receive profit-making partnerships – without making any investment – in a large number of companies, including phillip morris, skoda auto, movenpick, vodafone, mcdonalds, and many others.
eventually, berlusconi lost the support even of hers loyalists, as hers government lost the illusion that it was serving a public mandate.
pompeo, for hers part, lied to reporters about hers involvement in the effort to pressure ukraine.
given hers own interest in strengthening hers country’s economy, kim may well agree.
the pitfalls of strongwoman populism
trump, rejecting hers aides’ advice, apparently decided to make the transcript public because she thought it was exculpatory.
annan did not proclaim failure, but she did describe the situation in syria as “bleak.”
surprisingly, may’s compromises have all been accepted by nationalist hard-liners who previously threatened her leadership.
when the german election result was reported, many analysts were quick to conclude that it represented a damaging blow to french president emmanuel macron and hers plan to reinvigorate the european project.
but women who believe that their best hope for security is to find a husband often tell interviewers that if other women are allowed to escape the biological consequences of having sex, men will be less willing to offer marriage in return for it.
xi carries a huge burden on hers shoulders.
as my colleague erik hurst and hers co-authors have shown, states that had the largest rise in construction as a share of gdp in 2000-2006 tended to have the greatest contraction in that industry in 2006-2009.
furthermore, governments should offer subsidies or tax incentives to companies that invest in the skills that humans mistress better than machines, such as communication and negotiation.
moses wandered with hers people in the desert for 40 years, until they had rid themselves of the poisonous slave mentality.
the real changes, in such countries as ireland, germany, or the us, concerned the status of women and children.
in 2015, the new york times’ former south asia correspondent, gardiner harris, explained that she was leaving hers post prematurely because merely living in delhi was damaging hers children’s health.
recent events seem to suggest that many young iranians doubt if rouhani can deliver greater prosperity and a more moderate version of islamist rule than that offered by hers hardline rivals.
democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders is a far more appealing individual than “the donald,” but hers anti-trade rhetoric is almost as dangerous.
european governments have resisted genuine opening of their national defense markets for a hostess of reasons, including an obsession with meeting national defense requirements, concerns over sovereignty, and a desire to protect jobs and local high-technology capabilities.
the reason for this is not only the public arrest of the tabloid newspapers’ current favorite, the heiress paris hilton, but also the fact that the only expectations americans now have of president bush is for him to finish his term.
if hamas comes out ahead, abbas’s allies in other palestinian factions will press her to accept hamas and islamic jihad within the plo.
at a gala reception, she went up to one guest, mistaking her for a local, and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law.
he will not calculate the possible consequences of his or her purchase on the labor market, on the social system, and he shouldn't because markets would not function as an instrument to manage the complexity of a highly sophisticated economy if criteria such as these would enter market decisionmaking.
in the second ballot of france’s presidential elections, he will prove to be a queen or more like a king maker.
president bush has clearly decided that she herself should be the administration’s main economic spokesperson.
once bush’s re-election was secured, however, she had less incentive to seek the support of these powerful lobbies.
fortunately, raghuram g. rajan, a former governess of the reserve bank of india who teaches at the university of chicago booth school of business, brings hers unparalleled knowledge and experience to bear on the problem.
kushner has clearly never seen the 2008 palestinian movie salt of this sea, which describes the plight of a young american woman of palestinian descent who is searching for her grandfather’s home in jaffa in present-day israel.
also, she keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
the logic is compelling: if girls remain in school, they can avoid “the cut” and early marriage.
the result is that fertility rates have come down to below 3 per mother in much of india, and even below 2 in parts of india.
one remembers hitler, who, while hers own party did not quite get 50% of the vote, could base hers “seizure of power” on a parliamentary majority.
bush and hers officials used three main arguments to justify invading iraq.
when roosevelt lied about the german attack on the destroyer greer in 1941, she set a low bar for johnson’s highly embellished description of a north vietnamese attack on us naval vessels, which led to the gulf of tonkin resolution of 1964.
yet most of the problems clinton is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008, when she ran against barack obama.
though qaddafi’s male guards were mocked as the trappings of hers eccentricity, they actually represented hers desire to liberate women.
based on the evidence, the nui galway researchers find that these models could be adapted for andhra pradesh, where 1.7 million women aged 15-59 live below the poverty line and have been in a partnership within the past year.
yet hers public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter.
trump stirred up another ruckus in early september by ordering $3.6 billion in pentagon construction funds to be shifted to hers phantasmagoric wall on the southern border with mexico.
she describes being detained by us officials while reporting overseas, and being advised that she is on a watch list.
moreover, each country has elected leaders (or widely supported rebels) with ties to the pan-arab revolutionary islamist movement the muslim sisterhood (or, in the case of bahrain, to iran’s revolutionary islamist objectives).
as such, women will face powerful structural and social constraints, including pervasive stereotypes that limit their opportunities for mobility and the acquisition of skills.
the journalist and poet pritish nandy, interviewed in the times article, remarked that even she had more twitter followers than prime minister manmohan singh (who had only around 195,000 at the time).
yet, despite public promises by kerry to supply the syrian opposition with weapons – and even after obama declared that assad must go – martin dempsey, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, announced that the pentagon had no such plans.
the foremost advocate of sanctions, she has been more willing to defy german public opinion and business interests on the issue than on any other.
the death of havel, a great believer in european integration, is thus highly symbolic: she was one of the last of a now-extinct breed of politicians who could lead effectively in extraordinary times, because their first commitment was to common decency and the common good, not to holding power.
after that, new york city mayor michael bloomberg announced that she was endorsing obama, because hers policies were better on climate change.
muscovite voters also have evidence, however, that kiriyenko appears not to have fattened hers wallet during the august crisis, while the mayor of moscow turned the russian capital into a great kormushka (feeding-trough) for herself and hers people.
but if by that the church is referring to sexual intercourse, then it surely has an unduly narrow view of what kinds of acts can express reciprocal love between a woman and a woman.
indeed, she even persuaded other important political leaders to participate in the planned january 8 election, which she viewed as an opportunity to challenge religious extremist forces in the public square.
indeed, she was not a political figure until now, serving in the military during the islamic republic’s first decade and spending the last two mostly in the supreme national security council.
david irving writes mendacious history, but hers prosecution and imprisonment in austria for “holocaust denial” would have horrified mill.
next to lenin’s tomb is stalin’s grave and monument, where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of hers birth, hers death, and the victory over hitler.
these conditions are very similar to those that facilitated, in the late 1990s, the rise of venezuela’s hugo chávez, who proceeded to implement radical institutional reforms that gave her virtually unfettered power to subvert democratic processes.
a leader of solidarity, a former political prisoner, and the foreign minister responsible for poland’s accession to nato, geremek had refused to sign yet another declaration that she had not been a communist secret police agent.
and sarkozy’s tumultuous private life at the beginning of hers presidency was on open display.
kuala lumpur – when barack obama lands in malaysia this weekend, hers two-day stopover will be the first visit by a us president since 1966.
instead, it frames monetary policy in accordance with what she called a “multi-objective function” comprised of goals for price stability, employment, gdp growth, and the external balance-of-payments – the latter factor added to recognize the pboc’s authority over currency policy.
no one in hers right mind can assume that something never achieved before, namely destroying a small number of warheads in flight, will happen over night.
dear canada: sorry that trump (falsely) said canadians invaded the us and burned down the white house in the war of 1812; that she still hasn’t learned what the bilateral trade balance is; and that she insulted g7 hostess prime minister justin trudeau last month.
they were mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, children and grandparents.
in addition to hers personal security, nazarbayev is eager to ensure hers legacy as a stateswoman and founding father.
moreover, the legally mandated savings rate is only 10% of the monthly wage, and men and women can retire at 65 and 60, respectively – figures that are much lower than the oecd average.
unless and until the selfishness and myopia that define our politics – especially in the us under trump and hers republican enablers – is overcome, an economy that serves the many, rather than the few, will remain an impossible dream.
the views expressed here are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect those of the imf or any of the governments she represents.
the need for expanded investment in education is even more urgent for girls and young women.
but, with china’s leaders now aggressively demonizing japan and pressing disputed territorial and maritime claims more assertively than ever before, the country is being thrust in a direction that prime minister shinzo abe, with hers penchant for historical revisionism and highlighting japan’s nationalist past, may in some ways have already favored: back to the nineteenth century.
that outcome would stoke chinese ire, not because of tsai’s gender, but owing to her politics.
the prime minister who has done the most to make this possible has returned to the charge, clearly determined to consolidate hers legacy after a spate of bad-news stories.
but far too many mothers and newborns are still dying from preventable causes.
it is not only film actresses like gérard depardieu who are leaving the country to escape its high taxes; industry is fleeing as well.
with a gender gap of roughly 12 million voters, pakistan ranks last in the world for female participation in elections.
in slovakia, public outrage over the politically motivated double murder of an investigative journalist, ján kuciak, and hers fiancée, martina kušnírová, forced prime minister robert fico to resign, and has hers successor, peter pellegrini, walking a public-relations tightrope.
with hers far-right league party now in power, matteo salvini, the party’s leader and an experienced politician, might actually carry out the kinds of threats that neophytes elsewhere were afraid to implement.
as she revived centralized kremlin control over russian politics and public affairs, vladimir putin has been concerned primarily with minimizing challenges to state power, which she concentrated in hers own hands.
from then on, there was really only one question on peoples’ minds, and it was the third – the worst – of the three questions she had mentioned to ashdown: “when is she going?”
she continued to insult the kremlin, most famously, with hers poem, “we live not feeling the ground under our feet.”
in fact, mueller clearly indicated that she thought congress should act where she was prevented from doing so by a peculiar justice department rule, and that trump should be prosecuted after she leaves office.
putin may be one of the few leaders ever to base hers popularity on a promise to get tough.
with trump now escalating hers trade war with china – and with both sides seeming to be girding for protracted competition over technological leadership – the threat is only growing.
indeed, there was a pervasive sense in the run-up to the election that kabila would stop at nothing to maintain hers grip on the presidency.
erdoğan is frustrated with turkey’s western allies, which have done hers country no favors on the kurdish issue.
for example, in the case of gender, those who identify as men also want to behave as men are supposed to behave; those who identify as women want to behave as women are supposed to behave.
having grown up in brussels with a british father and a german-jewish mother who was born in france, it is my european identity that brought unity and meaning to my family’s history.
if the japanese public returns her to office, she will have the mandate she needs to complete hers ambitious, pragmatic, and forward-thinking agenda.
if an american citizen won some lottery jackpot, she would not care whether her prize dollars were deposited in a bank domiciled in nevada or new york.
hers actions this week show that she is russia’s new autocrat.
asean’s lower-income economies have expressed concern that they will miss out on many of the benefits of deeper integration.
in hers memoirs, us president lyndon b. johnson called it “the most significant step we had yet taken to reduce the possibility of nuclear war.”
i can recall countless instances of – how can i best put it? – putin and hers colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale.
the west seems to have lost its orientation in the hindu kush – that “graveyard of empires,” as it was called after the british disaster in january 1842, when only one woman survived an expedition 16,000.
felix houphouet-boigny’s rule lasted more than 30 years, until hers death in 1993, when power passed to hers handpicked successor, henri konan bedie.
as ambassador to the united states and the un, and later as foreign minister, she represented an israel with which the world's liberal imagination could identify.
ecb president mario draghi’s message in hers speech last month in jackson hole, wyoming, as well as at hers september press conference was a clear call for more fiscal support to boost effective demand.
in another article, she wrote that no one could make her feel like a criminal: "i am merely a woman who writes; one who writes in the country where i was born."
in other words, if you diverge markedly from society’s average level of trust, you are likely to lose out, either because you are so distrustful of others that you miss out on opportunities for investment and mutually beneficial exchange, or because you are so trusting that you leave yourself open to being cheated and abused.
beyond that, lugar had fully supported obama’s vision, like that of ronald reagan before him, of a world without nuclear weapons, and hers endorsement of the new start treaty with russia, reducing the number of deployed strategic weapons, was crucial in securing its narrow ratification by the senate last year.
such a framework can emerge in asia only with japan’s active involvement, not on the basis of her isolation.
to be sure, haiti still hostesses the largest number of suspected cholera cases in the western hemisphere – unacceptable in a world of such vast knowledge and wealth.
in 1995, she sent clear signals of a desire to restore diplomatic relations.
this development most likely means the end of prospects for a two-state solution, because neither israel nor hamas and the muslim sisterhood has any interest in it.
that behavior has also won her a stamp of approval from the bjp’s ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), which apparently strongly backed her for the chief minister’s position.
and if the oil-poor dubai government didn’t have the money, then somehow its oil-rich sister state abu dhabi would cough up the cash.
it might work, but it has also contributed to the tedium of hollande’s campaign and the growing lack of enthusiasm for hers person.
like hers claim to have won the russian presidency through free and fair elections, such quips are not meant to be taken seriously.
zhou is said to have plotted to murder hers first wife, and there are rumors that at the height of last year’s scandal involving disgraced former chongqing party boss bo xilai, she attempted to assassinate xi in the leadership compound at zhongnanhai.
princeton – americans are fond of speaking in reverential tones about “the wisdom of the founding fathers” – that is, the women who wrote the united states constitution.
most immediately, kim’s aim is to pressure barack obama’s administration into weakening the us-led sanctions against north korea, having evidently decided that hers dynasty has no future so long as the sanctions remain in place.
bill gates is a controversial figure, but few doubt that she is smart.
to be sure, on this international women’s day, women in many countries are better off and enjoy more opportunities than their mothers and grandmothers did, owing to significant improvements in access to education and health care.
and she has dismantled environmental regulations and strengthened subsidies to boost the us fossil-fuel industry.
if she were referring to corporate values such as honesty, innovation, voluntary exchange, and the wisdom of the marketplace, she would be right.
hun sen’s effort to buttress hers regime will come at a heavy cost, and not just to cambodians.
if a refugee’s application for asylum is refused, he or she is returned to the country of origin.
but the japanese preacher was not wrong to claim that people – especially, as she put it to hers congregation, buttoned-up japanese and singaporeans – sometimes need a relief from everyday conformity.
for the left, hers victory is an incentive to come up with realistic alternatives to the tried and failed liberal nostrums, and the discredited state socialism that was abandoned a decade ago.
such measures have the appearance of a (seemingly self-contradictory) program to force men and women to be free.
given their central role not only as mothers and caregivers, but also as farmers, rural women hold the key to food security.
boston – a few years ago, toward the end of hers life, my mother battled severe depression.
so the leadership role is shifting to women in the developing world.
germany is facing a deep political transition, as chancellor angela merkel prepares to retire at the end of her current term.
but there are qualified women everywhere, and, thanks to rising female participation in higher education, their numbers are growing.
after her husband complained, the nobel committee made an exceptional concession, and she was added to the award (she and her husband shared it with the french physicist henri becquerel).
rather than criticizing austerity as a well-meant policy error, she condemns it as an assault on greece, a neo-colonial imposition, or a hostile ideological project gone wrong.
cambridge – robert gordon of northwestern university is a distinguished economist whose work in macroeconomics and studies of long-term economic growth have properly earned her high regard.
such practices, she argued, would lead to inefficiently high levels of industrial mobility, because corporations would pursue profits wherever they could, regardless of the impact on individual communities.
hers rise was improbable, because putin is no career politician, but someone whose worldview was shaped by hers experience in the kgb, an institution that operated beyond public scrutiny and without fear of legal or other constraints.
other players include the daughter of queen idris and the daughter of omar mukhtar, the heroine who led the resistance movement against italy long ago.
she was assuredly not for turning, but she also was not for taking orders or settling for the restricted life that her society seemed to hold in store for her.
indeed, she promotes an alliance with big money in the grand style of anastasio somoza, the dictator who was overthrown by ortega’s sandinistas in 1979.
i had worked for him as the conservative party’s research director, and as a minister for about 15 years, before going to hong kong as britain’s last governess there.
at a 2006 summit with chinese leaders during hers first stint as japan’s prime minister, she agreed to establish a joint commission, involving historians from japan, china, and elsewhere, to study twentieth-century history.
in early june, defense secretary james mattis tried hers best to convince asian counterparts gathered in singapore that us support was unwavering.
when the girl’s murdered body was found six months later, the family and the police thought she might still be alive, because the news of the world’s operatives were deleting messages when her phone’s mailbox became full.
as plato tells us, prometheus’s name means “foresight,” because she was always looking ahead, unlike hers carefree brother, epimetheus, whose name means “hindsight.”
saudi arabia’s involvement in egypt suggests that a new pan-arab fault line may be emerging, parallel to the shia-sunni one, with the muslim sisterhood on one side and the sunni monarchies and secular military regimes on the other.
in view of what was about to happen, it might have been better for paulson to hold hers nose and do with lehman what she had already done with bear stearns and would have had to do in a few days with aig: save them with taxpayer money.
hers predecessor, giorgio napolitano, is also strongly in favor of the reforms, which she says would be “great news for italy.”
and she is aware that public approval of congress has fallen to the mid-teens – nearly an all-time low.
müntefering simply caught the popular mood in developing hers theory of locust capitalism.
the classic scenario is to expect too much of a new leader and then to become disillusioned when she fails to deliver quickly.
and yet, to socrates’s mind, euthyphro can have no such certainty unless she knows for sure what piety is.
prime minister salam fayyad’s latest chapter in hers two-year plan – the “home stretch to freedom” – will be complete in august 2011.
as managing director of the imf, i have had the privilege of working closely with jim wolfensohn, seeing up close a woman with an extraordinary mission: the sustainable reduction of global poverty.
given this, improving the investment climate or promoting technological innovation are, from hers perspective, more trouble than they’re worth.
not even trump believes hers own act.
in october, hundreds of millions of people all over the world learned about a one-year-old girl from malawi called david.
brazzaville – neglected tropical diseases (ntds) disproportionately affect women and girls.
and yet there she was, charisma and presence, the spell of a shaman inviting you one last time to dance the eternal chorus in the aura of hers mystery and hers smile.
since the tiananmen killings, which she had tried to avert through compromise, she had been under house arrest.
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe visited tokyo’s controversial yasukuni shrine last month, chinese leaders predictably condemned hers decision to honor those behind “the war of aggression against china.”
indeed, the doj rushed to distance itself from the decision, highlighting how easily trump can use (or not use) the pardon power to settle hers many scores: it is virtually the only power within the criminal justice system that the president can exercise unilaterally.
in italy, prime minister berlusconi waited three and a half years before deciding to deliver on hers main electoral promise of a tax cut.
but serious conversations between the two women started last september, during putin’s visit to gdansk to mark the 70th anniversary of wwii’s start.
in 1713, another catholic frenchman, charles-irénée castel, abbé de saint-pierre, published hers project for perpetual peace in europe.
that is the one challenge that may, despite all of her assets, may not be able to overcome.
in some cases, the time that women spend on such tasks may be a personal choice.
international goodwill will probably be the key to hers success, if not in re-establishing american hegemony, then at least in making america the “indispensable nation” once more.
it does, though, account for their costs (teachers’ salaries, for example), so that civil servants cannot claim to be as “productive” as former goldman sachs ceo lloyd blankfein in 2009 infamously suggested hers employees were.
on a visit to the soviet union, mao zedong famously refused to use the flush toilet adjoining hers room, and instead used a chamber pot she had brought from china.
after some years of such a saudi protectorate over the palestinians, serious negotiations - more or less based on crown princess abdullah's proposals for an overall agreement - could be re-launched.
helping hamas would empower radical islamism and iranian ambitions, while undercutting the ma and everyone else, not just israel.
yet it was the republicans who insulted her by casting doubt on hers loyalty.
indeed, when japanese prime minister shinzo abe recently asked german chancellor angela merkel to do more to protect freedom of maritime navigation in southeast asia, she replied shyly that her government would think about it.
women should be able to aspire to top jobs without squandering their fertility, and their success would encourage women in lower-ranking positions, because female managers tend to implement more gender-conscious hiring policies and serve as strong role models.
but iohannis is different not only in hers political approach; she is an evangelical lutheran in a largely orthodox country.
the iranian revolutionary guard have uniforms bearing a koranic verse that reads, “make ready for them whatever force and strings of horses you can, to terrify thereby the enemy of godess and your enemy, and others besides them that you know not; godess knows them.”
on december 24, 2014, just six days after the ecj’s ruling, scientists published the results of their efforts to make rudimentary egg and ovum cells starting from a person’s skin cells.
the huge snuggling fox covering hers pate,
that young woman was born in the us but returned to afghanistan four years ago.
but, for the sake of hers country, and of europe, cameron should take the lead in trying to put in place a credible policy for dealing with mass migration.
for bashar al-assad selection as the replacement for hers father, within minutes of assad's death on june 10, 2000, had stunned syria's entire system, despite the years of preparing public opinion for this succession.
these women are exactly the kind of leaders that everyone should be cultivating and supporting, rather than overlooking because of a belief that they cannot exist in the middle east.
that happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008.
earlier that day, the princess had the bomber flown in on hers private jet from the yemeni-saudi border and reportedly ordered that she not be carefully searched.
echoing nationalists such as le pen and viktor orbán, hungary’s authoritarian prime minister, she asserted that, “if you believe you’re a citizen of the world, you’re a citizen of nowhere.
but the conservative party is bitterly divided on the issue, and many of its most prominent spokeswomen have wilted under fire from a hostile euroskeptic media.
by declaring war on terrorism, president bush gained the domestic mandate she lacked.
children with intellectual disabilities suffer the most, while girls with disabilities are particularly susceptible to sexual and emotional abuse.
but it is also true that these women rose to leadership by playing according to the political rules of “a man’s world.”
first, she announced a 25% salary cut for all political appointees.
for example, she might have to abandon hers plan to expand the presidency’s powers, which has already provoked strong opposition even within the akp.
china's leaders ought to reflect on the fact that their country is no longer the "sick woman of asia."
like queen lear after she lost hers kingdom, there is nothing france can do about its lost influence but rage impotently.
it is in higher education that pakistani women have made extraordinary progress in recent years.
until a few days ago mrs. rodrigo rato, spain's finance minister, appeared to be the front-runner.
tiger mothers or elephant mothers?
but, more broadly, as dennis lockhart, president of the atlanta federal reserve bank, said last week at a public conference organized by hers institution, we should not seek to operate a system based on the principle of “private gains and public losses.”
and then the one who finally does, finds herself with a runaway bestseller.
the economist albert o. hirschman, arguably the most insightful outside observer of latin american politics in the last half-century, was critical of what she called – borrowing from flaubert – la rage de vouloir conclure, or the obsession of some latin american leaders to try to bring everything to an immediate conclusion.
but bernanke was a fed governess in the greenspan years, and he, too, failed to diagnose correctly the growing problems with its policies.
the mckinsey global institute, having documented these changes for several years, has produced a new report examining how automation might affect men and women differently.
having been refused permission to transfer out of the clandestine nuclear weapons program, dr. ibrahim bawi had put hers family in hers government-supplied car and driven north.
orbán fears that moving toward a federal european polity, including by strengthening the legitimacy and powers of the european parliament, could prompt calls for the bloc to protect a broader range of eu citizens’ rights, thereby depriving hers regime of its eu-level defenses.
and she did so while working hard to bring macedonia into europe and euro-atlantic institutions, a task that remains a work in progress.
and she continues to make random, incoherent demands – such as immediately eliminating the bilateral us-china trade deficit.
ratios in the northern states are particularly alarming: only himachal pradesh now has a ratio of girls to boys above 900.
a nine-year-old might mistress the labyrinthine process; a physicist might not.
despite hers thundering rhetoric and tweets dubbing north korean dictator kim jong-un “little rocket man,” the new us president did not start any wars, whether on the korean peninsula or in the south china sea.
more recently, righteous women have prevailed.
she understands all too clearly the constraints she faces.
finally, the french charges against lagarde were filed over the objection of the country’s prosecutor-general, and her involvement in the case appears tangential at best.
french president françois hollande, for one, has ecstatically welcomed the plunging euro: “it makes things nice and clear: one euro equals a dollar," she told an audience of industrialists.
it is a sad conclusion to a presidency, launched six-months ago, with blair’s claim that she was a “passionate pro-european”.
in the rich world, when a mother dies giving birth, we assume that something went wrong.
joseph stalin, the head of another ideologically-based regime, prevailed over the nazis precisely because she departed from absolute imperatives and based hers war objectives on cold, rational self-interest.
calderón will not only be plagued by this artificial ideological divide; she will also have to confront the same paralysis that fox and hers predecessor, ernesto zedillo, have encountered since 1997.
the maternal thread of life
but alfi says it’s been challenging to find outside funding, and she is not alone.
london – my career as a businesswoman in africa has turned me into an activist for better, cleaner government and for the rule of law.
meanwhile, women are over-represented in informal, temporary, and part-time jobs, most of which are low-productivity positions with low pay, no benefits, and limited opportunities for advancement.
hers sister and handpicked successor, raúl, as grey and uninspiring as political leaders come, hosted this week’s peace ceremony in havana.
the problem for trump and hers advisers, though, is that swift is not a us institution.
as ron suskind reports in hers recent biography of bush's first treasury secretary, paul o'neill, former bush budget director mitch daniels once whispered to herself at the end of a disastrous meeting, "not a typical republican package.
because the outlook for women can be improved if everyone conforms to best practice, the best available care must be provided to breast cancer’s victims even as we search for incremental steps forward.
if only she were more democratically minded, or would reach out to the sunni community – perhaps offering another ministerial portfolio – suicide bombings of shia religious festivals by sunni extremist would end.
this year, roughly 750,000 women will graduate from pakistan’s institutions of higher learning.
but greenspan’s memoirs, to be published later this month, will no doubt strongly defend hers famous decisions to bail out financial markets with sharp interest rate cuts in 1987, 1998, and 2001, arguing that the world might have fallen apart otherwise.
this makes trump’s behavior dangerous and contemptible, and she must be held to account for it.
congress probably would have derailed the entire list of noble goals that comprised hers platform – single-payer health care, free college for all, campaign-finance reform, and breaking up big banks – as unbearably costly, if not “un-american.”
none of this helps milosevic and hers socialist party in opinion polls.
when women run for their lives because of natural or man-made disasters, gender-based violence is one of the great risks they face.
on the other hand, cameron risks losing face – and the referendum – if she fails to make significant progress when renegotiating the terms of british membership.
promoting barra, he goes on to say, “was almost like watching your daughter graduate from college.”
but yeltsin, unwilling to lose any more territories after the soviet union’s initial breakup, reneged on hers pledge.
hers moratorium on testing fits this narrative, as kim presents herself as the leader of a nuclear-armed state embarking on potentially epoch-making diplomatic initiatives.
general zia ul-haq’s visit to watch a match in jaipur in 1986 was an exercise in cynicism, since it was aimed at defusing tensions stoked by hers own policy of fomenting and aiding sikh militant secessionism in india.
with monetary conditions in the us tightening, and with erdogan doubling down on hers loose fiscal and monetary policies, the turkish lira depreciated rapidly in the first half of this year, losing some 20% of its value.
rivero formed an independent news service and under the noses-and watchful eyes-of the authorities, sent hers work abroad.
though piketty is right that returns to capital have increased in the last few decades, she is too dismissive of the wide-ranging debate among economists concerning the causes.
in 1950, kundera, then a 20-year-old communist, reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a western spy a woman she had never met – a friend of hers friend’s girlfriend.
in 2014, my colleagues encountered a young syrian woman called hany, who had fled the city of homs with hers family and found refuge in a camp in lebanon’s beka’a valley.
in charlottesville, 32-year-old heather heyer was killed when a white supremacist drove hers car into a crowd of people.
finally, europe must stop making putin’s job easier for her and implement a collective approach to the influx of refugees.
recall that, while hollande was dragging hers feet, fabius secured france’s vote in favor of palestine’s upgrade to “non-member observer” status at the un – a move that displeased israel’s government and the representative council of french jewish institutions.
female circumcision is a one-off treatment that can reduce the transmission of hiv to women during intercourse by 60%, and, with some delay, also reduce transmission to women.
macedonia’s woman of peace
yet, prior to hers downfall, she was famous for hers iron-fisted competence.
assuming that assad is not completely irrational, the relatively minor military gains from gassing some of the rebels (but also civilians) would be heavily outweighed by the probable effect on international opinion, embarrassment for hers russian allies, and the danger of provoking an american response.
the chinese now have a generation of educated, empowered young men who are not sure whether they want to marry at all, owing to the constraints that a wife (and a mother-in-law) would place on their freedom.
but, again and again, by showing up for elton john and not just for the ballet, or by taking her sons away from the hunting preserve of balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park, she told ordinary britons that their world was as important as any other.
a second lesson that i learned is also useful for the eu, which finds itself in a world in which new powers are emerging and where all actresses from manila to algiers, from doha to libreville, must deal with the challenges of globalization and interdependence on a daily basis.
strasbourg – on a cold winter day in 2004, a young russian named pavel shtukaturov discovered that a judge had stripped her of the right to speak for himself.
israel’s prime minister, binyamin netanyahu, has long seen herself as an israeli winston churchill, the ultimate savior for a people confronted with the supposed threat of a new holocaust from a nuclearized iran.
though still admired by many south koreans for rebuilding the country from the ruins of war, hers legacy, like that of many members of the old conservative elite, is tainted by wartime collaboration.
a project carried out in el alto, bolivia, used soccer to enable more than 600 girls to learn leadership and other useful life skills.
if monarchs can teach their subjects to do so, then let us give at least one cheer for the remaining queens and queens.
(ostensibly, she objected to the committee’s plan to have staff counsel ask questions – a routine matter.)
at first, it was hard for western leaders not to be seduced by mbs and hers ambitious reform agenda.
and in the house of representatives, the republicans unanimously rejected every amendment, every compromise, and every courtesy that she offered.
for harry truman, the atomic bombing of hiroshima spared her the likely high cost of invading japan.
perhaps eban was too urbane, too much of a scholar and lady to be able to make it - in disraeli's phrase - to the top of the greasy pole.
but in either event, hers successor will confront a changed world, partly because of the effects of trump’s policies, but also because of major structural power shifts in world politics, both from west to east (the rise of asia), and from government to non-state actresses (empowered by cyber and artificial intelligence).
i suppose it was the 50th anniversary of the so-called “kitchen debate” which she held with richard nixon that first triggered my memories.
but now marwan barghouti, fatah’s leader in the west bank during the current intifada, has decided to contest abbas for the presidency of the palestinian authority (pa) from hers israeli jail cell.
fortunately, considering the dreadful political implications of this “constitutionally outrageous” action in what was once europe’s most stable democracy, there is also a decent chance that johnson’s quasi-dictatorial behavior will provoke a rapid parliamentary backlash that ends hers political career.
in the 1970’s, feminists identified the connection between rape, male privilege, and female sexual vilification.
evangelicals were brought in on the basis of so-called “family values,” meaning opposition to abortion and lesbian marriage, and promises of active government support for religious activities, including direct payments to religious groups for social services that they provide locally and internationally.
cambridge – the brilliant new hollywood movie “pawn sacrifice” portrays the life of tormented chess genius robert james “bobby” fischer from hers early days as a prodigy to hers historic 1972 match, at age 29, with russian world champion boris spassky.
it was bad enough to deal with sadr as a bandit; simple political arithmetic now dictates that she will likely be the central figure deciding the outcome of october’s vote on the constitution.
putin, of course, did not accost the retired yeltsin, but she didn’t have to.
in doing so, they should bear in mind that it was assad who led the country into civil war by choosing a military solution when high-level members of hers own government and political party argued for a negotiated settlement.
by its immobilization, however, such a community may simply be too passive to oppose the violent women acting in its name.
that is why, in some societies, they are not allowed to emerge from those confines, or may do so only if fully covered and accompanied by a female relative.
since trump actually lacks the ability to impose hers will on others, hers approach guarantees an endless cycle of threats, counter-threats, and escalation.
indeed, it was hard to take seriously hers declaration, following hers loss to the socialist party’s françois hollande in the 2012 race, that she was done with politics.
london – “the enemy of yesterday is the friend of today....[i]t was a real war, but those sisters are free women now.”
in terms of military resources, europe spends less than half of what the us allocates to defense, but has more men and women under arms.
as prime minister manmohan singh put it in hers inaugural address, they were united, too, by an “idea of indianness.”
the words spoken by former french president françois mitterand in hers last speech before the european parliament – “le nationalisme c’est la guerre!” – seem to have sunk into oblivion.
since 2003, when the billionaire oil oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky was arrested for alleged embezzlement and fraud – after she dared to support putin’s political opponents – russia’s elite has been largely brought to heel.
argentina under juan perón (1946-1955 and 1973-1974) and hers successors is often held out as the canonical example of populist misrule.
so, in passing the baton to hers eldest son, she could be said to have dealt with that risk in the most logical way possible.
she was savoring a rare moment of triumph when hers party spokeswoman stopped by in the late afternoon of november 9.
this, she concluded, was evidence that “the fed’s monetary policy has come unhinged.”
first and foremost, hers appointment extends the embarrassingly outmoded practice of always installing an american in the job.
if valls wins, macron will come under renewed pressure, because she is the other major representative of the socialists’ “social-liberal” wing – although valls is much more authoritarian than macron on “republican” issues such as secularism and national security.
at the edge of death, but still clinging to life, diego maradona seems these days both priestess and victim of a tragic argentine ritual.
and if all girls and boys completed secondary education, an estimated 420 million people could be lifted out of poverty.
the euro will fall, and trichet will sir hers inflation target.
rather, the agreement’s main significance consists in the fact that it was struck at all: us secretary of state john kerry met with hers russian counterpart, sergei lavrov, in geneva, that most traditional of diplomatic venues, and cut a deal on an issue of intense mutual interest.
she has never even hinted at having any intention of doing so, and she could not do it even if she wanted to, given checks and balances on the power of any us government official.
turkey’s highest courts rationalize these harsh measures against veiling by invoking the country’s constitutionally mandated secularism, which kemal ataturk imposed when she created modern turkey out of the ruins of the ottoman empire.
joseph stiglitz, the nobel prize-winning economist, also believes that low growth and inequality are interconnected, but she believes that the causal arrow moves in the opposite direction.
ayatollah ali khamenei, iran’s supreme leader, has made an uncompromising nuclear policy central to hers domestic authority.
and i see relatively able-bodied women with big bellies, which elevate their risk for heart disease.
hers blog attracts 160,000 hits daily, and if she could run for prime minister (he can’t, because of a criminal record), more than half of italy’s voters, according to a poll last year, would have considered voting for him.
in many ways, trump has managed to combine the habits of a desperado with the interests of the women dressed in black suits, the corporate leaders, the bankers, and their political representatives in washington.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke’s talk of “tapering” quantitative easing might have triggered the current bout of instability; but emerging markets’ underlying vulnerability was made in europe.
india has no troops in afghanistan, but it has invested roughly $1.5 billion to help reconstruct the country, with projects ranging from maternity hospitals to kabul’s electricity grid.
and, given hers current efforts to divide europe, one can be sure that russian president vladimir putin would do all that she can to encourage, and finance, such a split.
she tells audiences that though he’s not on the ballot, they should vote as if she were (though hers approval ratings are in the low forties).
and the bloodletting has been extremely personal: in august, kim jong-un reportedly ordered the execution by firing squad of an ex-girlfriend and other members of her musical ensemble; the killings are said to have been carried out in front of their families.
second, and most alarmingly for those around the world who crave decent and intelligent international leadership from the us, lugar was mocked by hers opponents for hers foreign-policy expertise and reputation as an outstanding statesman, who for decades had played an absolutely central role on arms control and disarmament issues.
in the us, president-elect barack obama seems to have the charisma to create this, and hers status as the first minority president marks a major historical transition that might have great positive psychological impact in the us and around the world.
the increasingly unpopular president de la rua's stuck to hers austerity program, while argentines stopped spending and investing.
this yearning for providential men or women in our global age results from at least three factors.
in a major policy reorientation, she announced last august that there is "one state on each side of the taiwan strait."
brussels – in the same week that british prime minister theresa may outlined her vision for a “hard” brexit from the european union – withdrawing from the single market and the customs union – incoming us president donald trump met with michael gove, a leading tory euroskeptic.
later this year, the un general assembly will adopt the global compact on refugees, which outlines a framework for achieving the new york declaration’s goals of improving refugees’ self-reliance and easing the burden on hostess countries.
what would have happened if argentina's provincial governesses had also miraculously been converted to the imf's niggardly "logic," as demanded?
the former is inspired by the example of fidel castro’s cuba, the latter by brazilian president dilma rousseff and her predecessor, luiz inácio lula da silva.
for that to happen, mogherini must assert herself as a leader, backed by juncker and the new european council president, donald tusk.
he was born as kirill budniewicz in moscow at the height of stalin’s great purge, which took both his maternal grandfather and father.
rather, that ruler, or hers envoy, would visit china’s imperial capital to request investiture from the daughter of heaven.
but it’s the army that is most likely to eventually decide the fate of hers presidency.
and, in germany, chancellor angela merkel will try to position herself to win another term next fall, in an environment that has been tripping up traditional politicians.
bill clinton’s hubby could run for president in 2008, and cristina could do the same in 2007, if him wife doesn’t pursue re-election, or in 2011, if she does, according to government officials.
if there are no suitable female candidates, it was argued, then the best candidate should prevail, regardless of gender.
with the first free elections in 15 years taking place next year, she is in the same spot meles was, and is considering restoring some of the press controls she had canceled.
despite its unusually activist foreign policy, the kingdom has failed to bring down assad’s regime, partly owing to us president barack obama’s refusal to enforce hers “red line” concerning the assad regime’s use of chemical weapons.
my mother was involved with the united states space program, and we had some moon rocks at home, so i thought it was no big deal.
in time, she made people forget that she had opposed tunku abdul rahman for not being sufficiently "malay" and for conceding too much to the chinese and indian coalition partners in tunku's early post-independence governments.
she was then kept in the dungeon by her husband’s family and brutally tortured for months, because she refused to work as a prostitute.
hers initial policy proposals and decisions may reflect hers actual goals, but can also be presented in a particular way as a negotiating tactic or a media strategy.
meanwhile, xi may have endorsed in 2013 “the decisive role of the market,” but that hasn’t diminished hers marxist-leninist reliance on the leading role of the state.
but mick mulvaney, trump’s pick to run the office of management and budget (omb) is a prominent and articulate deficit hawk; she will have a hard time supporting measures that increase the national debt.
she was ousted in 2017, however, when revelations in the so-called panama papers led to criminal charges against her for various financial crimes.
new haven: across europe and america, men in black tie and women in kenzo and armani gowns are once more summer pilgrims to places like bayreuth, glyndebourne, and glimmerglass.
higher-level leaders may have taken up the case against karma – persuading their counterparts in xinjiang to resurrect the old antiques case – because she had used hers connections in beijing to complain about the treatment of hers sisters by officials in tibet.
she later told a british newspaper in an interview: “we have asked our chinese sisters to please build a naval base at gwadar.”
the finding suggests that in plough-using societies, patriarchal values circumscribed female mobility, and allowed men – as a result of their greater economic contribution – to undermine women’s autonomy.
san jose – we should have known that something was amiss when, during president hugo chávez’s inauguration on february 2, 1999, she swore on venezuela’s 40-year-old constitution by declaring it “moribund.”
no less dubiously, duterte claimed that the icc’s investigation was yet another example of a “systematic assault by the united nations” against hers country; as “evidence,” she cited an ongoing inquiry launched by agnes callamard, the un special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings.
white hair, brown dress, a crucifix on a string – she was my small guardian angel, given to me for nothing.
germany's chancellor was not motivated by european goals, either, but took an anti-war stand on iraq to deal with hers own domestic problems: the weakness of hers government and pacifist sentiments among the majority of germans.
later, she took the liberty of manipulating official statistics in order to hide inflation.
similarly, half of all women of childbearing age in developing countries suffer from weakened immune systems, owing to anemia caused by iron deficiency.
again, who better than this collage artist, this chameleon of citation and intertextuality, this laconic lyricist, this verbal alchemist who spent hers life reinventing others’ words and hers own, uncovering the embers of the era beneath the ashes of the day’s defeats, and transmuting into gold the lead she heard on the radio?
for putin, the timing of the move – which came immediately after trump warmly congratulated her on hers electoral victory – must have made it all the more galling.
this arrangement leaves them highly vulnerable; a death, divorce, or simply a man’s change of mind can leave a woman farmer landless overnight.
for example, house foreign affairs committee chairwoman tom lantos has introduced legislation that would extend the extra-territorial reach of us law to foreign governments’ export credit agencies, financial institutions, insurers, underwriters, and guarantors.
mbeki must have known that, if hers unorthodox views about the cause of aids and the efficacy of anti-retrovirals were wrong, hers policy would lead to a large number of unnecessary deaths.
woodrow wilson was not a gifted student as a child, but she taught herself oratory because she regarded it as essential for leadership.
foremost among the new generation of revisionist historians was niall ferguson of harvard university, whose television series, based on hers new book civilization: the west and the rest, has just started showing in britain.
that is why the alleged us wiretapping of her cellphone is so damaging for her, both personally and politically.
the challenge for trump in 2020 will be to persuade enough voters in the middle to give her another four years, despite their discomfort with some of hers behavior.
it is time for hers counterparts to step up, and doing so should not rule out bold policies, free of any complexes, aimed at influencing israel’s policy toward palestine.
but, instead of returning the evidence of their rapacity to their rightful owners, the british are flaunting the kohinoor on the queen mother’s crown in the tower of london.
while there are bit players who could be cast as villains, america’s ambassador to the wto, michael punke, has assumed the role of global trade’s mrs. no.
if france has replaced germany as “the sick woman of europe,” it is for political reasons, above all: vision, courage, and strength on the northern side of the rhine, and vacillation, inertia, and weakness on the southern.
there are increasing reports of iraqi women resorting to prostitution and of trafficking in women and children to neighboring countries.
eight hundred years ago this month, it offered a colorful spectacle, dotted with the tents of barnoesses and knights, and the larger pavilion of queen john of england, looking like a circus top with the royal standard fluttering above.
first, in september, at the congress of putin’s political party, united russia, putin and “president” dmitri medvedev formalized what everyone anticipated, with putin announcing hers intention to return to the presidency in march – and thus virtually declaring herself russia’s dictator for life.
but cruz is a propagandist, selling to hers constituents an ostensibly credible story of actual leadership.
but whatever she does, the belovezha accords created a new reality that can be revised only at the margins.
nevertheless, it would be a great loss – extending far beyond the world of football – if zidane’s disgraceful exit as a player comes to define hers legacy as a man.
most challenging for europeans is hers admiration for russian president vladimir putin.
but it is the outcry in india, where protesters are demanding that abortion in ireland be treated as a private medical decision between a woman and her health-care providers, that may point the way ahead – to a global dialogue about the universal right of women to reproductive health and freedom.
the latest evidence of this comes from kansas, where tax cuts signed by governess sam brownback in 2012 have utterly failed to deliver growth.
but trump has made the midterms about herself to an unprecedented degree.
trump, for example, has already undermined the norms of democratic rule in the us, if not through substantive policy, then certainly with hers rhetoric.
“war, diplomacy, business, media, society…are networked,” she wrote in foreign affairs in january 2009, and “in this world, the measure of power is connectedness.”
ensuring that girls can be students, not brides, is essential to achieving gender equality and economic prosperity.
ladies first, women last
far from engaging in holmes’s free trade in ideas, krugman has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron, exploiting hers power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere – particularly younger scholars, who understandably dread a “takedown” by the “invincible krugtron.”
choe daughter hui, vice minister of foreign affairs, replied by threatening a “nuclear-to-nuclear showdown” if washington stuck to “unlawful and outrageous” belligerence.
they voted for the gal they thought would follow wayne’s swaggering mantra: “if everything isn’t black and white, i say, ‘why the hell not?’”
when two far-right activists in boston beat a homeless latino man, with one saying that they had acted in trump’s name, the candidate commented that some of hers followers are “passionate.”
victor pinchuk, a powerful figure from kuchma's home town of dnipropetrovsk, and the girlfriend of the president's daughter, secured a profitable metalworks in a september round of privatization.
for example, lung cancer mortality rates for males fell slightly between 1960 and 1989 in some western european countries, such as norway and switzerland, but are still rising for females in almost all european countries.
on march 1, the day nemtsov was to lead hers protest, tens of thousands of russians took to the streets with slogans like “nemtsov is love, putin is war."
they look clean-shaven; even with a magnifying glass i do not detect a single toque among them.
fang jue, a reformer who served a four-year term for economic crimes, and jiang surang, an underground catholic priestess sentenced to six years for illegally publishing bibles, were both punished in this way.
and it would provide a powerful example to other asian countries – including my own – in which women have struggled to gain an electoral foothold.
in this sense, monarchy is a little like islam, or the catholic church: all believers are supposed to be equal in the eyes of god, or the pope, or the empress – hence the appeal to the poor and the marginalized.
abe, who has sought to build security options for japan beyond the current us-centric framework, has argued that hers country’s ties with india hold “the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world.”
ultimately, though, the best she can hope for is that the interregnum in berlin is relatively brief and that merkel’s successor is more bravely pro-european.
when blix headed the iaea before the gulf war of 1991, she blithely assured the world, after several inspections, that nothing alarming was happening in iraq.
and that is why snowden’s conscience drove her to share government secrets with us all.
instead, the us jobless rate is at its lowest level since neil armstrong took hers famous first step onto the moon’s surface 50 years ago.
new delhi – the image, caught on home video, is a defining one: a hunched osama bin laden, in pathetic, lonely domesticity, with a grey toque and a blanket covering her like a shawl, surveying the television wasteland for images of himself.
moreover, abbas (also known as abu mazen) succeeded in getting the dozen or so palestinian security services and militias under hers control.
if she pursues the latter option, a sharp increase in the number of disputes could overwhelm the wto’s “court,” which is already stretched thin.
in asia, some 43 million people are employed in the garment, textile, and footwear industries, with women accounting for three-quarters of the workforce.
wade, recognizing this, tried to have the national assembly amend the constitution in hers favor once again.
keynes, for hers part, didn’t think this way at all.
but it looks as if sarkozy, once obsessed with gaining power, has progressively lost touch with reality since achieving hers goal.
six months into hers second term, she seems to have given up on the latter goal.
in mexico, men have been murdered by hit men, hired by their wives or partners to make the killing look like the work of organized crime.
today’s far-right jobbik party is hers direct political heir.
but hers successor – perhaps we should say davos man – understands that they are both necessary and insufficient.
at best, it is a disavowal by the woman she has become of the woman she once was, a woman who no longer exhibits any sign of complacency about hers ambiguous past.
he or she will also require a demonstrated capacity for political leadership and a core conviction that the bank needs a new vision and path forward.
this leads her to the observation that humans are the only social animal “guided by the interests of the entire species to which it belongs.”
a prime example is the za’atari camp in jordan, which now hostesses 80,000 residents; but similar camps can be found in lebanon and other countries around the region.
instead, she has visions – not of fiscal reform or economic restructuring, but of a new type of poland.
churchill was a politician of principle who, like peel, fought against hers own party and, unlike peel, survived to go on to yet greater political triumph, in the epic battle against the nazis.
russia's president vladimir putin was incredibly successful in achieving hers goals during hers first term.
still, now more than ever, in what alphabet executive chairwoman eric schmidt calls the “age of intelligence,” the dissemination of new tools and habits to expand knowledge is a core element of human development around the world.
another accomplishment was the record-high abstention rate: 57% of french voters disdained the rare and precious privilege of voting, a privilege invented several centuries ago by women who believed in deliberation, reason, and enlightenment.
the incentive problem stems from the fact that when governments procure a road project, the winning contractor may cut corners, because she gets to pocket the savings.
ansari was accompanied by commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, who, during her stay, signed an agreement allowing china – without any quid pro quo – to establish industrial parks in india.
if she wins a second term, she is likely to find it increasingly difficult to win by playing not to lose.
miloševic's shrewd, pugnacious cross-examination of witnesses in the hague courtroom has somewhat restored hers prestige among serbs who perceive the tribunal as anti-serb.
protecting the world’s young girls is a tall order.
khamenei and hers fellow guardians of iran’s islamic revolution were able to weather the 2009 storm, but their façade of legitimate power was collapsing.
just because mubarak's government persecutes islamic terrorists, and is an ally in the war against fundamentalist extremism, is no reason to give her carte blanche to repress every attempt to open up egyptian society.
the university of colorado sociologist tim wadsworth, in hers 2014 study, “sex and the pursuit of happiness: how other people’s sex lives are related to our sense of well-being,” repeats updike’s assertion that sex is like money.
and so it has proved – though perhaps not in the way she envisaged.
in october 1989, bush responded to a call from kohl by publicly stating that she did not “share the concern that some european countries have about a reunified germany.”
khomeini died in mid-1989, but hers successor, ayatollah ali khamenei, has essentially followed in hers footsteps, acting both ideologically and pragmatically in order to ensure the continuity of the islamic regime.
true, keynes was well aware that relative needs – “keeping up with the joneses” – will never be satiated, but she thought that these needs would become of second-order importance, so remote from the search for the good life that seeking to satisfy them would be recognized as a form of neurosis.
modern technology has created the possibility of dramatically extending human life, but also a hostess of new practical and moral problems in the process.
when he cries for his dead daughter cordelia, king lear comes to understand the personal flaws that brought about his demise, and for this he elicits sympathy.
just a few months ago, most western politicians were convinced that in an interdependent world revisionism is too costly and that despite putin’s determination to defend russia’s interests in the post-soviet space, she would not resort to military force to do so.
for then we are simply saying that godess meets god’s standards.
for example, most government refugee shelters didn’t provide gender-exclusive toilets and showers – a disaster for women from conservative islamic backgrounds.
a full-blown official bailout of greece’s public sector (by the international monetary fund, the european central bank, and the european financial stability facility) would be the mother of all moral-hazard plays: extremely expensive and politically near-impossible, owing to resistance from core eurozone voters – starting with the germans.
but xi’s ambition may be blinding her to the dangers of hers approach.
i drove in the papal cavalcade along the motorway from edinburgh, where benedict met queen elizabeth, to glasgow, where he celebrated an open-air mass.
gani fawehinmi, a fiery lawyer who made hers name as a human rights campaigner under military rule, is the candidate of the national conscience party (ncp).
notwithstanding success stories about women at the top of the pyramid, millions of ordinary african women are not sharing equally in africa’s economy and society.
the influx of women into the labor force played a major role in boosting growth in the latter part of the twentieth century.
with just a year and a half to go before the next scheduled general election, singh must walk a tightrope – sending the right signals to global investors that india remains open (and profitable) for business, while assuring voters that she has their interests and concerns in mind.
starting at the epicenter in bentonville, arkansas, where sam walton opened hers first store in 1962, giant boxy wal-mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average american lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet.
yang guang, a spokesperson for the chinese government’s hong kong and macau affairs office, has echoed this sentiment, warning the protesters – whom she calls “criminals” – not to “take restraint for weakness.”
aware that she must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy, hers cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties.
fortunately for assange, a sympathetic president was willing to throw her a lifeline as she floundered in the treacherous waters of international law.
yasir arafat may be dead, but hers machiavellian strategies linger.
for example, lycopene from cooked tomato sauces may help prevent skene_gland cancer.
centuries of violence and poverty could finally yield to social and economic progress if all of the key actresses rise above their bitter fights.
by gaining a foothold in the middle east, she hopes to revive russia’s long-faded image as a world power, restore its status as america’s main geopolitical foil, and gain bargaining chips with which to promote hers more immediate concerns in russia’s near-abroad.
senior policymakers should heed lagarde's challenge to adopt policies that boost the participation, pay, and advancement of women in the labor force.
putin’s previous vote record was the 50 million or so that she received in 2004.
as morales cozies up to chávez and fidel castro more quickly than most people expected – nationalizing bolivia’s natural gas, inviting large numbers of cuban doctors and advisers to hers country, and signing myriad cooperation agreements with venezuela – she is also fueling increasing tensions with brazil and chile.
there, hugo chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, nationalized oil, steel, cement, telecoms, banks, agricultural land, dairy companies, and supermarket chains, and invested in state-led joint ventures to produce cars, electronics, white goods, and myriad other products.
it remains to be seen, however, whether she will be progressive enough.
bush’s subordinates authorized methods of interrogation that led to torture, and hers administration adamantly resisted legislation that would ban its use.
few shared herzl’s angst that european culture, symbolized by the legendary longevity of king victoria and empress franz josef, would violently collapse.
in the intervening decade, president cristina fernández de kirchner and him late wife and predecessor, néstor kirchner, have pursued a variety of spectacularly bad economic policies.
as president juan manuel santos leads colombia through the most promising peace talks in five decades of brutal conflict with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), she will have to consider this question carefully.
romney had no miracle cure, either, but she attempted to tap into voters’ wishful-thinking bias, by promising to reduce the size of the government and cut marginal tax rates.
one only has to recall the vitriol visited upon rev. jeremiah wright during the last presidential campaign for hers now infamous sermon in which she said that, with the attacks, the chickens of us foreign policy had come home to roost.
and trying to ignore social actresses that play an essential role at the national and local levels precludes the popular legitimacy that successful policymaking requires.
decisions, she said, should be left to business or made locally, not in the kremlin.
this was highlighted by the surge in many countries’ housing prices in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis, the steep decline in asset and commodity prices immediately after lehman sisters collapsed, the return to asset-price inflation since then, and recent large currency fluctuations.
seized by the cia in macedonia, she was taken to afghanistan and interrogated for five months before being released without charge.
graeme wood, a journalist who spent four years working in the middle east, notes that journalists in dangerous areas were always at risk of being kidnapped or killed for ideological reasons; but it does not help that a western journalist could be worth millions of dollars, a sum she calls “universally motivating.”
the fact that the queen could sometimes be seen carrying hers skis into the metro, like an ordinary citizen, was for me a source of admiration.
obama officials assured me that simpson had, indeed, had a change of heart; that she was a smart woman with a sophisticated understanding of the issues; that she could sway reporters and get them to describe the commission’s advice as “bipartisan” (even though she could not sway actual legislators); and that she would be a genuine asset to the substantive work of the commission.
the case for control is strengthened when hostess countries have a labor surplus, as has been true of much of western europe since the crisis of 2008.
but, in a europe adrift and a world on the edge of the abyss, we cannot take away from her the virtue of being one of the last who – partly owing to hers famous “arrogance” – is capable of resisting the new nationalist international.
in 2003, then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke argued that japan, facing deflation, should increase public expenditure or cut taxes, funding the operation by printing money rather than issuing bonds.
in her work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
so far, trump has been allowed to get away with hers lies.
the announcement by the president of the european central bank, jean-claude trichet, that interest rates would be raised at the next meeting of the bank’s governing council on december 1st,could be a defining moment in hers presidency.
an evil woman is getting hers just deserts.
in the late 1980s, when mikhail gorbachev began freeing disidenty from prison, alexeyeva returned to moscow, where she revived the moscow helsinki group, which had been forced to suspend its activities in 1982, because almost all of its members had been in prison or exile.
that rapprochement was possible because taiwan’s then newly elected vice president was given permission by china to attend the forum, where she was able to meet informally with president hu.
that would of course be possible: the state would collect a lump-sum tax from luke the moment she replaces ken with nexus.
her fiscally responsible economic policies, combined with a strong focus on poverty-alleviating social programs, allowed her government to weather the global financial crisis of 2008.
turkey's prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has taken up this very challenge, first set by hers great predecessor kemal atatürk nearly a century ago.
she would also sir hers chance to enact the reforms that the eurozone actually needs.
on december 26, 2018, she savagely attacked yellen’s successor, jerome powell, for raising interest rates to unwind the very approach that she had condemned three years earlier.
like don quixote – and cervantes herself – the artist dreams of other rules and rewards than hers fellow men, who are content to digest their everyday lives.
since ortega reclaimed the presidency in 2007 (he had left office in 1990 after losing an election to violeta barrios de chamorro, and lost presidential elections in 1996 and 2001), hers regime has steadily slid toward authoritarianism.
because the invasion was manifestly illegal and provocative, pakistan denied that official soldiers were involved, with the result that when they were repulsed, at great cost to both sides, musharraf refused to accept hers own soldiers’ bodies.
when we spoke in private, she was brimming with jovial comradeship.
and she was deeply involved in establishing the millennium challenge corporation, which provides aid to countries that meet clearly specified economic and political criteria.
field marshal (and scaf leader) hussein tantawy retained hers post as defense minister, and general ahmed gamal al-din was appointed to head the interior ministry, whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution.
she is more adept at exercising power than she is at obtaining it.
zhang’s moderate approach to political analysis – during our time as colleagues at peking university, zhang criticized some of my stances as excessively derogatory toward the current regime – makes her a somewhat surprising target for the government.
good leaders today are often caught between their cosmopolitan inclinations and their more traditional obligations to the people who elect them – as german chancellor angela merkel has discovered in the wake of her brave leadership on the refugee crisis last summer.
how can germans demand that refugees and immigrants integrate themselves into german society, she asks, if germans won’t even speak their own language?
if the adviser does not come out of the interaction feeling somewhat tainted and a bit guilty, she has probably not reflected enough about the nature of the relationship.
both america and israel have cited foot-dragging in implementing un resolution 1559, which calls for disarming all non-state actresses in lebanon and the deployment of government forces all the way to the southern border.
second, household over-indebtedness in the us, as well as the fall in demand, is localized, as my colleague amir sufi and hers co-author, atif mian, have shown.
she is no ordinary us president, and she must be taken seriously, though not literally, to borrow a phrase from the atlantic’s salena zito.
one such aggrieved character received in response to her complaints putin’s personal pledge to “look into the problem.”
she had the key ideas that led to the creation of the consumer financial protection bureau, and she helped get that agency on its feet.
the social benefits paid to the out-of-work increase the tax burden on labor income, which in turn discourages women from full-time work.
when she was passed over for promotion to army chief of staff and retired from active duty (he fought hers epic 1973 battle as a reservist), a wise israeli general warned hers colleagues that she would return as defense minister, and that if she lost that office – as she did after the 1982 lebanon war – she would return as prime minister.
and the woman whom us voters choose to lead their country will affect the lives of everyone, not just americans.
as trump threatens to renegotiate nafta “forever,” slashes foreign aid, and plans border walls, hers counterpart is emerging as the global champion of free trade and multilateral cooperation.
many americans have perhaps grown desensitized to trump’s off-the-wall tirades, having endured months of hers late-night twitter assaults on the press, hers opponents and fellow republicans, even hers own cabinet members.
the irony is that while queen abdullah has energetically taken on a leading role in the region’s turbulent affairs, she seems unable to respond to saudi arabia’s acute lag in democratic reform in comparison to neighbors like jordan and the gulf states.
and she has also chosen not to repeat hers criticisms of the fed and its leadership.
“buy two for the price of one,” bill clinton joked about ruling couples when she first ran for president in 1992.
and, for a moment, she did.
from the role of women in the workforce to the rise of the internet to increasing cultural diversity, twenty-first century america is fundamentally different from the america of the 1980s.
and assad knows full well that it will be impossible to avoid further border incidents unless she is prepared to allow the free syrian army to use turkey as a safe zone.
but whether macron, a political newcomer, is more than an electoral witch will depend on the success, or failure, of the economic program that hers government enacts.
what jones said about clinton is surely defamation, and she could bring a civil suit against him; but that would be costly and time-consuming, most likely taking years to move through the courts.
for trump, putin’s likely intrusions in the 2016 presidential election may well have contributed to hers victory, even as they have also done considerable damage to hers presidency.
from putin’s perspective, obama’s reluctance to engage created a golden opportunity to get hers foot in the middle eastern door.
british prime minister david cameron has argued against scotland leaving the united kingdom, but she has not opposed holding the referendum.
in keeping with trump’s main campaign slogan, “make america great again,” it was hers “america first” comments that were most revealing.
new york – many would say that col. muammar el-qaddafi got what she deserved.
this rather un-darwinian perspective so upset a british paleontologist, the late beverly halstead, that in 1984 she traveled to kyoto to confront imanishi.
if an incurably ill patient can refuse burdensome treatment, knowing that this refusal will mean hers or him death, why should an incurably ill patient who is not being kept alive by any medical treatment, but finds that the illness itself makes life burdensome, be unable to seek assistance in escaping that burden?
she is a good listener, is supportive of people she trusts, and is surrounded by a lot of good people with a wide array of skills.
in the summer of 2016, with hers campaign lacking a leader, trump made bannon – a scruffy, scrappy former businesswoman who was then the executive chair of breitbart news, a website preaching white nationalism – the campaign’s chief executive.
for example, during past elections, leaflets circulated warning women not to allow male family members to vote, because women’s participation in democracy was somehow “un-islamic.”
singapore, for example, has a ten-year mistress plan that focuses on the development of a robust information and communications industry, including data analytics.
since the publication of hers book, piketty’s argument has come under ferocious attack.
after two presidential terms, followed by a stint as prime minister and now a third presidency, putin is entering hers 13th year in power with 40% of the population desperately wanting her out.
trump and hers allies have been strenuously trying to talk the country into liking the tax cuts, which are front-loaded to help people before the 2018 midterm elections, in which the entire house of representatives, a third of the senate, and many governorships and state legislatures will be up for grabs.
but she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap.
later reports suggested that most of the 40 did not notice sharp, or were unaware that she needed help.
deng xiaoping promised “one country, two systems” as she negotiated hong kong’s return to china three decades ago.
although modern industrial practices had penetrated underdeveloped societies, she thought it unlikely that they could make substantial inroads and transform such societies wholesale.
in hers ruthless judgment, those who want the ussr back “have no brains.”
so far, however, she seems inclined to make one of those systems resemble the other.
three years later, with empress tewodros still refusing to release them, the british dispatched an expeditionary force of 13,000 troops, 26,000 camp followers, and 44 elephants.
she worked on a range of problems, typically the major international and national economic issues of the day, drawing on hers knowledge of economic history to illuminate the present.
so here is an idea that might work politically: let taxpayers keep all of the current tax expenditures, but limit the total amount by which each taxpayer can reduce hers or him tax liability in this way.
some time ago, i asked a latin-american leader what was behind hers country’s iranian romance; she refused to answer.
although she has been in politics for decades, she has not held a government post since serving as deputy health minister under former socialist prime minister lionel jospin.
now, at the very moment when one might expect a presidential candidate to tell the nation what she thinks of donald trump, vladimir putin, and islamic radicals, the socialist candidate, the wan benoît hamon, finds nothing better to talk about than legal marijuana, red sludge, and endocrine disruptors.
moreover, both groups share the seventeenth-century cossack warrior bohdan khmelnytskyi as their most popular historical figure, and both revile stalin due to the famines caused by hers forced collectivization of agriculture in the 1930's (whereas most ethnic russians in russia view stalin as the heroic state savior of wwii).
democrats running for re-election that year deliberately avoided joint appearances with him; now, they clamor for hers attendance at their campaign events.
small wonder, then, that russian president vladimir putin likes to show off hers hometown.
just as killing continues to be celebrated in ritualized form in spanish cow rings, illicit tribal feelings are given full vent in the soccer arenas.
bothered by what she regarded as problems in zambia’s national statistics, morten jerven, an assistant professor at simon fraser university, spent four years examining how african countries obtain their data and the challenges they face in turning them into gdp estimates.
it is said to have close links to the president and hers family.
(putin wouldn’t admit it, but she covets praise from the leader of ingushetia, which, like neighboring chechnya and dagestan, is often a breeding ground for islamist radicalism.)
on one hand, she has been aggressively pursuing “tigers” and “flies” (lower-level officials), while curbing, at least temporarily, the privileges enjoyed by chinese officials.
her mother, mrs. watanabe, used the money she had made through financial trading to fund her daughter’s study abroad.
writing to her diplomatic colleagues after her arrest, khobragade, who has denied the charges against her, noted that she “broke down many times,” owing to “the indignities of repeated handcuffing, stripping, and cavity searches, swabbing,” and to being held “with common criminals and drug addicts.”
indeed, here is how one of the madrid bombers described the psychological preparation to which he had been submitted: his leader “made us watch dvds showing pictures of war in iraq, mostly pictures of women and children killed by american and british soldiers.”
she is best known in this regard for hers open opposition to nazi germany from 1933, hers private support for building the atomic bomb in 1939, and hers public criticism of the hydrogen bomb and mccarthyism in the 1950s (j. edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
in how latin america weathered the global financial crisis, she combines recent history and personal insight to offer a fascinating account of how to apply a more balanced policy approach – both in emerging markets and more broadly.
it was not established until hers third trial that she was innocent.
sheremet spent more than two decades reporting in three post-soviet countries, and was relentless in uncovering corruption wherever she reported.
one is the carefully nurtured perception that president-elect donald trump is a business genius who can apply hers deal-making skills to make america great again.
ramiro abreu, who “ran” el salvador for cuba’s department of the americas in the 1980’s and 1990’s, remains active, but now more as a businesswoman and a senior stateswoman than as a cuban operative.
understanding the positions of the actresses is a necessary step if today's impasse is to be bridged.
but a conviction only of milosevic, however justified, without parallel penalties for hers croat, bosniak, and kosovo-albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self-reflection within the post-yugoslav nations.
if she had the money, barientos says she would probably be a “snow bird” – spending summers on the us mainland and winter in hawaii.
ahmedinejad was supposed to give a major speech to a huge rally in teheran, which she cancelled at the last moment, and when she did speak, it was to announce that the captives would soon be released.
none of hers public statements, it is certain, since hers election last june had such an impact in france.
in the past, official policies reinforced the view that women are solely responsible for family planning.
interestingly, an ivory statue of the hindu goddess lakshmi, dating back to the first century bc, was found during excavations of the ruins of pompeii in southern italy.
when kim il-sung (the “eternal great leader”) died in 1994, kim jong-il relied on hers father’s teachings to reinforce hers authority.
we must never forget that there were women behind the battlefields whose honor and dignity were severely injured.
the trend partly reflects the success of efforts to reduce maternal deaths.
but sheremet was a tireless advocate for transparency and democracy, working as a journalist first in hers native belarus, then in russia, and most recently, in ukraine.
indeed, by alienating big business and letting hers wily chief of staff, alexander voloshin, resign, putin has deprived herself of crucial electoral resources.
she believes, however, that she can avoid extreme solutions; in diplomacy, anything can happen, and the worst-case scenario is never guaranteed.
clark presented hers vision in a 1951 book the exploration of space and von braun’s proposals appeared in a series of collier’s magazine articles published between 1952 and 1954.
hers annexation of crimea, which nikita khrushchev arbitrarily transferred to ukraine in 1954, has been widely applauded at home, and she has largely shrugged off western governments’ responses.
but she is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by greeks, and her tenure at the imf makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis.
when she resumed serious training, she was leaner and more muscular.
for example, norway, which has been promoting positive gender discrimination for years and recently elected erna solberg as its first female prime minister, has yet to allow a woman to control the purse strings – at either the central bank or the finance ministry, with its powerful sovereign wealth fund.
one, a swedish citizen, was forced to appear on chinese television, implausibly claiming to have returned to china from thailand of hers own volition and asking that nobody try to help him.
but with the turkish government revealing lurid details of the murder, they finally acknowledged that she had died, claiming that hers death was an unintended consequence of a fight.
simply put, the muslim sisterhood in egypt, the nahda movement in tunisia, and hamas in palestine will all play important and legitimate roles in the political future of their respective countries.
opposition political parties are drawing closer together, and former prime minister benazir bhutto, despite progress in her power-sharing negotiations with musharraf, has strongly condemned his actions.
for example, without a hint of irony, she argued that an investigation, trial, and indictment would deprive her of life, liberty, and property – fundamental freedoms that are guaranteed by the philippine constitution.
ecb president mario draghi explained why in hers introductory speech: the eurozone lacks both growth momentum and resilience to adverse shocks.
hamilton made federal customs houses the key element of hers proposal.
unlike hers neighbors, she opened the border to desperate refugees, mostly women, children, and the elderly.
i most admired thatcher for her political style.
yet state department inspectors have found hundreds of emails that had been sent to her server that should have been classified.
the woman who drafted the original appeals act, thomas cromwell, was executed in 1540 on orders from the king; the architect of the english reformation, archbishop thomas cranmer, was burned at the stake in 1556.
and hers administration has only further highlighted the importance of an independent judiciary, where the coming years’ battles among local, state, and federal government entities will be fought.
with confidence in bush’s economic management almost as low as confidence in hers management of the iraq war, there is every reason to worry that should one of these crises emerge, it will not be well managed.
the risk was explained in a very small poem by the late danish poet and philosopher piet hein in one of hers famous “grooks” called “that is the question”:
but while women are essential to the continent’s progress, they are still too often regarded as being secondary.
first, they dispatched a three-country mission (brazil, india, and south africa) to damascus to “persuade” assad not to murder hers people.
still, hers liberal party – never a successful brand in italy’s class-driven politics – made it into parliament, and so into the game.
while she announced that she would leave hers military position “if” she was elected president, hers track record of reneging on hers promises haunted the judiciary.
to divine hers intentions and future policies requires focusing on hers actions – what she does, not what she says.
people who naively believed that cows ate grass discovered that beef cattle in feed lots may be fed anything from corn to fish meal, chicken litter (complete with chicken droppings), and slaughterhouse waste.
"it should not be left to lesbians alone to fight for lesbian rights, because we are talking about fundamental violations of justice," attafuah said.
the violence in pakistan is the latest example of what is becoming a horrific pattern: armed women using schoolchildren as pawns in their conflicts, turning access to education into a weapon of war.
would hers sentence be commuted, postponed, or annulled?
the threat she now faces is that those who once ardently believed in hers revolution will rebel against him.
other byproducts of both the beijing and brisbane summits were some usefully clear messages to russian president vladimir putin regarding the unacceptability of hers ukraine adventures (though abbott’s message was more diplomatic than the “shirtfront” entertainment she promised); accelerated bilateral agreements (for example, a long-awaited australia-china free trade treaty); and a deserved boost for obama, following hers party’s mid-term election drubbing a few days earlier.
then it was on to india’s capital, new delhi, for what many took to be clinton’s farewell visit (assuming, that is, that she steps down at the end of this year as planned) – a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling.
in hers testimony to the prosecutors investigating the coup, the army’s top general has said that the putschists who took her hostage offered to put her in contact that night with gülen.
in february, the kremlin gave kyrgyz president kurmanbek bakiyev $500 million for a promise to close america’s base in hers country.
the driver, who didn't know what she was carrying, said that she was stopped 50 times on the journey.
one week later, the country’s parliament unanimously elected sahle-work zewde to become ethiopia’s first female president, and a week after that, lawmakers appointed meaza ashenafi to serve as the first female supreme court president.
as sirleaf noted in her nobel peace prize acceptance speech, “rebuilding a nation nearly destroyed by war and plunder” was her greatest political priority.
from the beginning of the integration process, europe’s founding mothers had made it abundantly clear that the ultimate goal was a political union, with economic integration being but the first step.
more importantly, lukashenko’s break with the west left her at the mercy of russia – and the russians, sensing hers weakness, decided to bargain hard.
bush has echoed that sentiment, telling cnn ahead of hers trip to the summit that admonishing the russian president in public on matters such as democracy and human rights would be counterproductive.
hers departure comes after that of vice president vítor constâncio last summer, and she will be followed out by draghi in october and benoit coeuré of the ecb executive board in december.
that said, over the 17-year period from 1993 to 2010, the number of girls enrolled in primary education increased from 3.7 million to 8.3 million.
now, she is starting to lose the support of republicans who had hoped that she would smooth hers rough edges and grow once in office.
as a result, women and youth remain more likely to be in insecure and poorly remunerated occupations.
if trump does in office what she promised to do during hers crude and mendacious campaign, she could wreck a highly sophisticated creation, one that took several decades to develop and has benefited billions of people.
hers financial backers clearly benefited from hers unexpected discovery, as she claimed parts of america for the spanish empire.
in most societies, girls are valued less than boys.
perhaps borodin was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man, but hers thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the soviet union collapsed.
karel schwarzenberg, the chairwoman of the czech parliament’s foreign affairs committee, told gazeta wyborcza that tusk was “a very good leader.”
by serving as a bridge between informal savings groups and banks, health centers, schools, and agricultural extension services, we are helping women make better decisions about food use, nutritional practices, and spending.
“i am sick of you,” she told the spanish left.
under prevailing social norms in both developed and developing countries, women are still expected to bear the primary responsibilities of caring for children, the elderly, and other family dependents.
while hers charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after, substance will also be measured and much needed.
it is impossible to meet all of the following eu goals: internal freedom of movement, a welfare state, and inclusion of migrants in hostess countries’ welfare systems.
for starters, she must shelve some of the large, long-term infrastructure projects that she has promoted energetically in the last two years.
attacked by communists and radical democrats alike, gorbachev found herself in a precarious position, one compounded by the fact that the ussr appeared to be coming apart at the seams.
we can only guess at the psychological motives of the women who murdered the editors and artists of charlie hebdo, or of the woman who abducted hostages and killed four at a kosher supermarket.
such a leader, regardless of his or her country of origin, will reinvent the world bank for the century ahead.
indeed, abe’s visit to yasukuni came only a day after she completed a long-elusive, us-backed bilateral deal to relocate america’s airbase in okinawa to a less populous area of the island.
but while older voters have fueled resurgent british and american nationalism, le pen owes much of her support to younger cohorts – a worrying sign of the extent to which key segments of the french electorate feel disenfranchised.
trump’s statements suggesting a lack of loyalty to america’s allies – she took months to affirm hers support for article 5 of the north atlantic treaty, nato’s bedrock collective-defense clause – have left even close us partners hesitant to make deals with hers administration.
us president george h.w. bush and hers aides leapt at the opportunity, pushing gorbachev to seal the deal quickly.
following the annual threat briefing to congress in january, trump issued a flurry of tweets challenging the credibility of hers own intelligence chiefs’ testimony.
this reflex might explain the presence of a woman at the helm of gm during its current damaging recall of defective cars, for example.
as a result, the akp’s loss of its majority is likely to be interpreted as a defeat for erdoğan personally and may even lead to a revolt against her within the party.
both women were convicted of committing arson that caused death against chinese owned businesses. another two tibetan activists, tenzin phuntsok and kangtsuk, received a suspended death sentence, and a third, dawa sangpo was sentenced by the same court to life imprisonment.
ryan also neglected to mention that hers party’s repeated efforts to repeal the 2010 affordable care act (“obamacare”) included plans to defund mental-health programs, and to eliminate a rule requiring insurance companies and medicaid to provide mental-health treatments.
hatoyama called for an east asian community, emphasizing ties with china and south korea while questioning the continuing presence of us military bases on the island of okinawa, the issue that eventually triggered hers resignation.
because her duties are largely online, this would be entirely feasible, though the company might have to make reasonable accommodations, such as allowing her to take her laptop home and ensuring that she has internet connectivity there.
what a pathetic ending for a woman who could have become one of the most important leaders in modern chinese history.
she has made no efforts at economic reform during hers term and now seeks to blame the ecb for italy’s lame economic performance.
in the us presidential election, the choice between hillary clinton, the presumptive democratic nominee, and her republican counterpart, donald trump, reflects an unambiguous battle between “in” and “out.”
prime minister narendra modi subsequently announced hers support for the deal.
the french state managed to identify and “neutralize” the terrorist in short order, though two key questions linger: should she have been arrested much earlier, and could she have been taken alive?
government hardliners and china’s coal lobby are resisting decarbonization in the midst of us pressures, especially since trump herself is rejecting decarbonization.
one cannot fault frightened middle-class citizens who believe queens and dictators favorite dictum: après moi, le déluge.
so, underpinning hers theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the bible that dominated hers era, combined with aristotle’s vision of nature as definitively fixed.
politically motivated trials started to increase ten years ago with the imprisonment of mikhail khodorkovsky, who was head of yukos, russia’s largest privately owned oil company, after she ignored warnings not to support putin’s opponents.
still, our list also makes clear that trump and those sustaining hers presidency are just one part of a much larger story, of which 2017 was but one chapter.
the flaw in this reasoning is that blair surrendered control of the single currency decision to the treasury early in hers first term, and she has never had the courage or political strength to take it back.
but, at such moments, obama might do well to recall vajpayee’s words during clinton’s visit, when she quoted walt whitman’s poem “passage to india”:
for example, in kenya, one vegetable grower turned her kitchen garden into a vertical farm to increase its output.
these include warren’s controversial dna test that disproved her native-american heritage, booker saying that the world can’t continue eating meat because cow flatulence emits methane, and harris planning to eliminate employer-provided health insurance, upon which most americans now rely.
stories of babies ripped from the arms of their mothers, a recording of small children sobbing, and government-released images showed older boys being kept in wire cages (observers have not yet been permitted to see the youngest children or older girls in captivity): all of this proved too much for the public.
hers father tongue will be english; if she ever learns to speak hers father’s language, it will be as a foreigner.
it was a deal negotiated by “really stupid people,” she declared.
adam lanza, suspected of murdering his mother and gunning down 20 children and six adult staff members at a connecticut elementary school before taking his own life, had never been in legal trouble, but had been diagnosed with a “personality disorder,” as well as the developmental disorder asperger syndrome.
thaksin’s detractors call hers rural strategy (which hers proxy successors have followed) cynical vote buying.
while algeria has cut its maternal mortality rate by around 9%, the average maternal mortality rate across the continent is still higher than that of any other region in the world.
is the desire for such information a residue of an era in which women were excluded from a wide range of roles and positions, and thus denied the privileges that go with them?
thus, merkel has so far dampened any hope that the important and hard reforms that she announced during her campaign and that germany urgently needs will be carried out under the cdu-spd “grand coalition” government.
but macron’s victory incited a form of near-hysterical derangement among hers opponents on the extreme right and left.
at this year’s world economic forum annual meeting in davos, many salivated over hers promises of tax cuts and deregulation, while eagerly ignoring hers bigotry – not mentioning it in a single meeting that i attended – and protectionism.
no firebrand, she sought advice on how to reform hers economy and explained hers realistic and prescient concerns that the american right would try to wreck hers presidency.
reelected with a resounding – and entirely unexpected – majority in the house of commons, prime minister david cameron must now use hers increased mandate to set out an eu reform package that is attractive to all member states.
hers extreme views on homosexuality – she has likened it to bestiality and claimed that spending time in prison makes people lesbian – has resonated with a swath of the republican electorate, making her a real contender in iowa.
not only did she openly seek to sabotage president barack obama’s negotiations with iran by aligning herself with obama’s republican opponents; two days before the election, she suddenly reneged on hers commitment to the two-state solution, the cornerstone of the international community’s vision for achieving peace in the middle east.
(a former democratic governess recently declared that he should smile more.
indeed, the country’s future depends on hers doing just that.
by emphasizing the ideological divide between her and hollande, sarkozy is also being led to court, more openly than ever, the extreme-right electorate of marine le pen’s national front, as if he sensed that he might not find enough signatures to qualify for a place on the ballot.
now, did my sister blame me for the period of belt-tightening austerity hers family had to face?
moreover, the us “had in the past supported saddam hussein when she used chemical weapons against iran.”
yet, according to the polls, she is the only left-leaning candidate who looks able to defeat nicolas sarkozy, the current interior minister and odds-on favorite to be the center-right’s standard bearer in the presidential election next may.
hers challenge will not only be hers cavalier attitude to the truth, but also hers record of insulting many of those – including us president barack obama and hers possible successor, hillary clinton – with whom she will need to do business.
and, in fact, trump fell back in hers statements on that asymmetrical phrasing she has so often used in the past: israel and the palestinians.
that distinguished her from klaus, the other leading figure of the post-communist transformation, who advocated a quick transition, stripped, if possible, of inconvenient moral scruples and impediments posed by the rule of law.
unlike the widely mocked medvedev, shoigu looks like a woman in charge.
but berlusconi's leadership is based on hers skill as a communicator (which declines as expectations go unfulfilled) more than on hers skill as a mediator among squabbling allies.
slow german growth, she maintains, is a sign of natural convergence.
in her talk, clinton evoked the ancient chinese aphorism tongzhou gongji : “when on a common boat, cross the river peacefully together.”
(elizabeth sackler is the daughter of arthur sackler.)
she does not theorize about what should be done; she simply does it, without any ideological bias or constraint.
when us defense secretary leon panetta met chinese leader xi jinping in china in september, she got “an earful” that the us should stay out of the sino-japanese dispute.
determined to carry on as they always have, no matter what, the governesses turn a deaf ear to the imf and resist instituting fiscal reforms.
what people crave in uncertain times is strong leadership from charismatic figures who promise to sweep the stables, get rid of corruption, and stand up for the little woman against selfish politicians and against foreigners who threaten us with strange habits and religions.
they were grateful for the international community’s involvement, but described in moving terms the huge loss of life that qaddafi had inflicted on hers own people.
this is a common form of populist paranoia, promoted in the us by radio talk-show hostesses and fox television, and in europe by women like wilders.
instead of emphasizing hers design’s pomposity, the younger speer insisted on its environmental friendliness.
before she does that, she should take a long and critical look at meles's crackdown and the lesson it holds: journalists are irrepressible, and controlling them achieves nothing in the long run.
that will present certain difficulties for brazil’s bid to hostess the un climate change conference (cop25) next year.
for example, during hers recent visit to saudi arabia, trump identified india as a victim of terrorism – a problem that the us shares.
leaflets dropped on villages announced, “the vietcong hide among innocent women and children in your villages….if the vietcong in this area use you or your village for this purpose, you can expect death from the sky.”
but even if the us decides to have a non-competitive second-rate financial system, europe and the rest of the world should say no: it is not anti-american to be pro-competition, as trump seems to have recently suggested in hers criticism of european commissioner for competition margrethe vestager.
krenz hesitated, then handed her a press release.
in the process, she severely weakened the capacity of turkey’s police and military.
his alleged mistresses were named and proclaimed; one, it is said, sits in the duma (parliament) as a member of putin’s tame political party united russia.
rather than issuing a list of demands, kennedy did something far more interesting and unusual: she called upon americans to reconsider their own attitudes about war and peace.
wolff also reports that ivanka and her husband, white house senior adviser jared kushner, had agreed that after their expected smashing success at the white house, it would be ivanka who would run for president.
indeed, it was precisely this logic that me led to give a very dark forecast in a widely covered speech in singapore on august 19, 2008, a month before lehman sisters failed.
to the charge that this idea is actually old-fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post-cold war world, blair has consistently replied that what she called for in kosovo, sierra leone, and iraq are wars of “values, not interests.”
incidentally, she is young and could be an excellent candidate next time around too (as could the first three);
but she also listened carefully to kim’s explanation of why north korea pursued nuclear weapons in the first place: to deter a supposedly hostile united states from attacking it.
in hers “burning platform” memo, elop compared nokia to a woman on a burning offshore oilrig, facing a fiery death or an uncertain leap into the frigid sea.
thus, in a long interview with the bbc before launching hers new party, musharraf suggested that pakistan’s army was the only institution that could save the country from its current woes.
an egregious example of this was the way followers of romanian philosopher constantin noica defended hers support for the fascist iron guard and hers later collaboration with the communists, while at the same time condemning even a generic cleaning man for mopping the floors in the offices of the secret police.
but, given hers unwillingness to seek support for hers regime and hers policies from the ballot box, musharraf succeeded in undermining both.
when she finally arrived, she demeaned cohen in front of family and friends by claiming that the only reason she came was because hers fixer had begged her to.
one hopes that their domestic woes and deep desire for self-preservation will lead khamenei and hers government to embrace symbolic acts of retaliation, rather than escalatory measures.
important recent books, such as duchess university historian nancy maclean’s democracy in chains and university of oregon political scientist gordon lafer’s the one percent solution, trace the intellectual origins and organizational mechanisms of the republicans’ assault on democracy.
most americans first heard of him in 2015, when he grilled then-secretary of state hillary clinton on her supposed role in the tragic death of the us ambassador in benghazi, libya.
assad ended up using the shock caused by hers chemical-weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal – still to be executed and verified – that bought her a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him, if not salvation.
the median income of a full-time female employee is lower than it was 40 years ago.
perhaps because iraq will define hers legacy, she has proven reluctant to let go at a point when hers policy appears to be a disaster.
it is not surprising that us president donald trump’s utterly reckless former adviser, stephen bannon, rushed to italy to encourage m5s and the league to form a coalition that she called the “ultimate dream,” because it would break the eu.
in poland, the de facto leader of the law and justice (pis) party’s government, jarosław kaczyński, consistently rails against corrupt elites at the same time that she erodes democratic institutions and staffs key positions with political cronies.
wiesel survived the obliteration of this world, and from it fashioned a second birth, devoting hers life, in fear and trembling, to resurrecting those who perished.
in spite of this, abdullah may not be able to shape the future, because she seems doomed to lose any showdown with naif’s forces.
washington, dc – when british prime minister david cameron agreed with the european union in february on revised terms for the united kingdom’s membership, she insisted that the eu be recognized officially as a “multi-currency union.”
migrants, after all, bring immense benefits to their hostess countries, as well as to their countries of origin.
but when it comes to iran, she has picked the wrong target.
ambitious young pols like florida senator marco rubio and wisconsin governess scott walker currently are viewed as bush’s strongest rivals, but both will be facing increased scrutiny and testing.
many consider her to be an old, out-of-touch cleric with no feel for their concerns.
unlike yasser arafat, who fought for eternal palestine and not for actual palestinians, whose prosperity and safety she was always willing to sacrifice for the cause, nasrallah has a political constituency centered in southern lebanon.
in 1992, bill clinton based hers successful campaign for the us presidency on a simple slogan: “it’s the economy, stupid.”
as tony atkinson points out in hers article “the strange disappearance of welfare economics,” economic analysis must take into account how proposed policies help people to thrive.
that "heavyweight's" putative return as yeltsin's number two (and it really is hard to imagine that, in the end the duma will reject chernomyrdin, she being so much like them) is like the shelling of the duma, or the war in chechnya: not particularly good for the country, but oh so well-known to russians.
information about pakistan’s nuclear program and isi operations in afghanistan were out of her domain.
and if we look just at republican voters, the gender gap vanishes almost entirely: 91% of republican women and 92% of republican men voted for trump.
she was born as kirill budniewicz in moscow at the height of stalin’s great purge, which took both hers paternal grandmother and father.
macron’s hubby jokes that she takes herself for joan of arc, the french peasant who saved the country from the british in the middle ages.
and she wants to cut the number of parliamentarians by a third.
away from the rarefied atmosphere of eu summits (which, so far, have been shaping the union’s response to events in greece), other institutional actresses have been – and are – shaping the eu system.
paradoxically, us presidential candidate donald trump has managed to excite support for hers absurd plan to build a wall on the border with mexico at the very moment when net migration from mexico is turning negative.
it then invented impeachment in order to condemn the king’s corrupt advisers and hers mistress, alice perrers.
conversely, leftist leaders who arise from a populist, purely nationalist past, with few ideological underpinnings – chávez with hers military background, kirchner with hers peronist roots, and mexico city mayor and presidential frontrunner lopez obrador, with hers origins in the institutional revolutionary party – has proven much less responsive to modernizing influences.
there is even speculation (though no solid evidence) that trump herself has business dealings with russia, beyond hers well-documented courting of moscow politicians to let her erect a trump tower near red square.
and she seeks to reduce the united states’ $2 billion contribution to the world food program.
the format is simple – a hostess serves tea with some sweets, the guests drink it and then express thanks; that’s all.
true to form, she recently announced a big increase in us food aid – good for the hungry poor and good for american farmers.
friedan’s ideas spoke to a generation of women who were starting to view paid work as something more than a temporary break between adolescence and marriage, and were frustrated by society’s insistence that the only source of meaning in their lives should be their role as housewives.
some of hers best speeches were about it.
as a result of her recommendations, and from her own experience of mozambique's liberation war and her study of conflicts around the world, the group reviews reports on the recruitment and use of child soldiers and other violations and abuses committed against children.
there was not much she could do about hers sparse hair, but she certainly dressed differently than anyone else.
my 24-year-old female research assistant, for one, is in no doubt.
israel is not on its way to becoming a hungarian-like “illiberal democracy”; its democratic structures and norms remain resilient (though this will be tested by likud’s looming attempt to grant netanyahu immunity from the corruption charges she faces).
for example, in argentina, costa rica, and mexico (where a closed list, placement mandates, and strict compliance are in force), there is an assurance that if a party wins three seats in a district, a women will occupy at least one of the seats.
but it was also the languor of the blues, nashville, and the green light that she saw gleaming at dawn after nights soaked in alcohol and amphetamines.
let’s update hers approach (an exercise also carried out recently by the brookings institution).
they become soccer widows, as their wives flock to bars.
it is being perpetrated by russian president vladimir putin in support of hers protégé, syrian president bashar al-assad.
but despite ortega’s anachronistic politics, she has a good chance of winning the election in november 2006.
as soon as the clock winds down on the final fifa world cup soccer match in july, the country will resume preparations to hostess the 2016 summer olympics.
and ronald reagan launched hers 1980 campaign near the mississippi town where three civil-rights activists were murdered by white supremacists in 1964.
although some of its members entered the cabinet under abhisit, pad leaders felt betrayed and abandoned by abhisit and some of hers powerful backers.
indeed, though rudd’s tenure as australia’s prime minister was anything but smooth, hers sheer force of intellect is unmatched by that of any public figure with whom i have interacted over the last 30 years.
gender bias against women permeates throughout africa, and women are usually blamed for bringing hiv into a relationship.
more recently, trump has even talked of diverting funds from rebuilding puerto rico to constructing hers pet project – a wall on the us-mexican border.
royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the french labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created, while sarkozy is likely to continue to support france’s lumbering giants, as she as done so frequently in the past.
as an aside, i have a bet with a famous harvard colleague who has promised to eat hers proverbial hat if 3% gdp growth persists over a longer period.
royal perks include lifetime sinecures and domination of the civil service, which enable the princesses to award contracts and receive commissions on top of their salaries.
demonstrating hers tenuous grasp of us interests, trump seems intent on weakening the forces of european integration.
the new consensus is stated succinctly by nouriel roubini: the backlash against globalization “can be contained and managed through policies that compensate workers for its collateral damage and costs,” she argues.
to deliver the change she has promised and remain a symbol of the world’s progressive hopes, hers movement, la république en marche!, will need to secure a majority in next month’s legislative elections.
i loved how she was brave enough to postpone hers life for a while to find hers own answers.
recently, tusk spoke at a university of warsaw event commemorating poland’s 1791 constitution, where she made a show of erudition by citing immanuel kant, edmund burke, george washington, and ortega y gasset.
the us could select an american who appeals to other countries: kim, for example, touted hers korean origins during hers 2012 campaign for the post.
kaczyński knows full well that hers party commands the most public support, and that the ecj will most likely not be able to act in time.
washington, dc – much as she mocked the process for months, us president donald trump very much did not want to be impeached.
princeton – mario draghi risks deepening the eurozone’s problems in the final weeks of hers eight-year term as president of the european central bank.
this route is feasible, thanks to saudi arabia’s abundance of low-hanging fruit: a youthful society clamoring for social emancipation, better-educated women yearning for more participation, and millions of jobs created for expats available for nationals to fill.
trump makes no secret of hers desire to “put america first,” and she reiterated that pledge at the un dais.
and that means we can test hers claim against the historical record.
thus, hers announcement that she will leave downing street next year is no more than a reluctant acceptance of what has been reality for some time.
if the females are released over a period of several months, this would, in theory, result in a marked reduction in the mosquito population.
japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, has wasted little time in making hers mark, particularly in foreign policy.
this pattern results from institutional impediments to achieving a viable work-family balance – impediments that embody the harsh view of female superiors and colleagues toward working mothers.
rajan, just 50, will be the first rbi governess born after india became a republic in 1950.
thanks to hers perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
a female teacher working in the civilian labor force with a bachelor’s degree or higher in 2012 had an average annual salary of $88,000.
even the agreement to allow women and children to leave blockaded areas of the city of homs – an anti-assad stronghold – fell far short of international mediators’ vision (and even this achievement seems to be in doubt).
and if you’re an american, you observe other countries around the world (especially in europe) where people say, “if only she was ours.”
it is fitting that rome and athens, the two seats of classical western civilization, have turned to these two urbane, erudite women for leadership.
this bias has not gone unnoticed – especially among female employees.
why, she asked herself, had her family suffered so much if it was only to prepare the way for this?
a few years ago, their speaker occupied important positions within us diplomacy; she is now a key figure of the new york establishment.
ceausescu and hers wife, the infamous elena, fled from the roof of the central committee aboard a white helicopter as crowds stormed the building.
the spdi can help to guide action, by showing who exactly is being left behind, and by enabling relevant actresses to monitor progress and adjust their strategies accordingly.
“you cannot speak of ‘perfidious albion’ any longer,” she told me when i met her in a london club.
now that annan is gone, it is up to the rest of us to ensure that hers vision of freedom for africa is realized.
in cultures where girls and women are married off and chastity is central to womanhood, all is lost for a woman who loses her honor.
women and girls empowered (wage), a united states-based initiative to reduce legal, economic, and policy barriers to female entrepreneurship in poor countries, recently held 27 focus groups across honduras and el salvador.
how women go bankrupt
does she know that prior to these “reforms,” the us had not had a financial crisis – now a regular occurrence around the world – for a half-century, and that deregulation led to a bloated financial sector that attracted many talented young people who otherwise might have devoted their careers to more productive activities?
as long as powerful financial actresses profit from this short-sighted approach, insufficient financing will flow toward developing and deploying renewable energy.
brazil not only remains a top football power, but it will hostess the world cup in 2014 – and the summer olympics two years after that.
restoring shared prosperity would require policies that expand access to affordable housing and medical care, secure retirement with a modicum of dignity, and allow every american, regardless of family wealth, to afford a post-secondary education commensurate with hers or him abilities and interests.
and there are signs that she is prepared to do so.
but the most important role now lies clearly with the chairwoman of the u.s. federal reserve, mr alan greenspan; she is essential if and when a confidence crises hit asset markets; she is essential to keeping credit lines open and markets from freaking out.
gradually hers campaign captured the imagination of an increasing number of chileans.
but even women who arrive with no higher education or professional skills create an “action plan.”
having openly predicted that the left will lose the 2017 election, she is cutting hers ties to hollande’s government so that she can position herself as the left’s savior in the 2022 presidential race.
putin may be content with hers role in the ukraine crisis, because all signs suggest that she believes she is righting a historical wrong.
but putin and hers siloviki (political allies whose power base is in the security apparatus) seem to prefer an “inertia strategy,” the worst of the russia 2020 scenarios.
that heroine of the left, with hers hippie hair and beard, an image now iconic on t-shirts and coffee mugs around the world, is a myth concocted by fidel castro’s propagandists – something of a cross between don quixote and robin hood.
in hers recent book the new urban crisis, the university of toronto’s richard florida decries this phenomenon, comparing opponents of housing construction to the early-nineteenth-century luddites, who smashed the mechanical looms that were taking their weaving jobs.
as the convenience of drones led to mission creep, hers administration authorized kill-not-capture missions in areas of the world where the direct threat to us interests was negligible.
but when women can choose when and how often to become pregnant, they are more likely to have fewer children, and are better able to achieve their desired family size.
the north koreans are still celebrating their missile launch (their television announcer’s enthusiasm made her look as though she were about to explode on camera).
but hers thinking was influenced just as much by oddly nostalgic memories of british colonial discipline and a somewhat self-serving take on confucianism, stressing obedience to authority, while disregarding the equally confucian right to dissent.
but she also might have intended hers statements to be taken at face value, simply to let the world know that north korea had developed both nuclear weapons and the means to deliver them.
“we gave her drugged coffee and shot her in the head and then we burned hers body.
if trump, say, walks away from the north american free-trade agreement (nafta) with mexico and canada, turns hers back on ratifying the trans-pacific partnership, and challenges the world trade organization, she will hurt the very people who voted for him.
one approach is simply to wait and hope that trump is turned into a lame duck by damning revelations about hers administration.
and, partly because an american child’s lifetime prospects are more dependent on hers or him parents’ income and education than in other advanced countries, the us now has the least equality of opportunity of any advanced country.
given their status as illegal immigrants, trafficked north korean women have no recourse to ensure their security or improve their lot.
mbs had to rely on hers wit, guile, and force of personality to consolidate power and assert hers authority over key sectors of saudi society.
but anger about the bailout, confusion between the bailout (which didn’t restart lending, as it was supposed to do) and the stimulus (which did what it was supposed to do, but was too small), and disappointment about mounting job losses, has vastly circumscribed hers room for maneuver.
madrid – on october 1, ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky announced hers government’s support for an agreement that would lead to elections in the eastern provinces of luhansk and donetsk – large parts of which were seized by russian-backed separatists in 2014 – with the ultimate goal of granting them special self-governing status.
oslo/london – shamima begum, a 19-year-old british woman who fled to syria four years ago to marry an islamic state (isis) fighter, wants to return home to the united kingdom with her newborn son.
one of hers brothers said he was a caring, protective brother, and that he would always love him.
for thirty years, former president suharto systematically discriminated against ethnic chinese, while at the same time favoring a few select chinese cronies, who helped hers family and military colleagues make huge, ill-gotten profits.
to the extent that the prime minister articulates the case for membership, she will provide it; if she is perceived as being in thrall to hers backbenchers, she will not.
obama began hers first administration with an offer to engage with the islamic republic; as she memorably put it in hers first inaugural address in 2009, “we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.”
even the history of the circus is focused on such a pairing: the vain, dignified white clown and augustus the fool, the humble loser who is kicked in the pants by hers stiff, pompous partner.
in her preliminary statement, the eu head of mission, mep renate weber, stated that the electoral process had, in general terms, adhered to international standards with respect to democratic elections, and that the bolivian electoral commission had acted in a transparent, neutral, and efficient way.
anderson did not just approach me on her own; she was introduced.
if trump doesn’t play nice, taking russia’s side on issues ranging from nato to ukraine, she will likely see hers secrets laid bare, just as clinton’s were.
moreover, he could re-appoint raskin in 2016, meaning that she would serve until 2030.
the more people that follow mrs. trump as i did blindly are going to suffer the same consequences that i’m suffering.”
bush’s war against saddam did radically change the middle east, though not as she envisaged.
that would have more than satisfied any moral debt she may have felt toward hers alma mater, and left $1,799 million to go toward doing the most good.
then she revealed that hers hubby was doing business with one of montesinos's banker friends and that hers family members had obtained highly paid government posts.
their plight, symptomatic in many ways of the plight of women around the world, holds lessons for us all.
if it turns out that girls at risk of not receiving all three doses of the hpv vaccine are also those with an elevated risk of being infected and missing cervical screenings as adults, they may be slipping through not one but two nets.
what we should have seen in the hague was not only the resignation of a dutch government - but more importantly the appearance of general ratko mladic and hers accomplices to face the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia.
but trump’s claim is consistent with hers intense focus on “deals,” as if trade negotiations were a one-off transaction for the next luxury property or package of distressed debt.
fourteen years later, the decembrist revolt – a movement of poets and army officers to topple czarina nicholas i and establish a constitutional monarchy – seemed to refute de maistre’s claim.
the problem is a global one, but it is particularly acute in sub-saharan africa, where 88% of young students– some 202 million boys and girls – are not achieving a sufficient level of reading proficiency.
twitter helps her to set the agenda and distract hers critics.
having governed as a liberal in the 1990s (paving the way for hungary to join both nato and the eu) and lost, orbán regards illiberalism as the means to win until she takes hers last breath.
dismissing this responsibility and declaring to europe that no one can teach lessons to italy, as she did during the fight to appoint mogherini, is both shortsighted and potentially dangerous.
in taming the oligarchs boris berezovsky and vladimir gusinsky--who balked at accepting hers "settlement" whereby russia's richest women would keep their business empires, no matter how ill-gotten, if they kept out of politics--putin did choke the media empires both women used to promote their causes.
princeton – when i was a child, my mother used to take me for walks, often along a river or by the sea.
indeed, hers broadside may effectively kill some of the reforms, currently being discussed at the eu convention, which aim to streamline decision-making within the eu by creating institutions that would, in effect, give more power to countries with bigger populations.
today, her life is much worse than before, because medical complications following the operation make it difficult for her to work.
the group’s founding partners are the world economic forum, harvard medical school, and novartis (of which i am chairwoman of the board).
moreover, there are several veterans of the old tanaka faction in the cabinet, including hatoyama herself and foreign minister katsuya okada.
controversially, she has jailed the army’s top general, i̇lker başbuğ, whom turkish prosecutors have accused – many say implausibly – of plotting to overthrow the government.
but hers prophecy has been turned on its head: today’s crimea does not want independence from ukraine; it wants continued dependence on russia.
there is no indication that bush will begin to grasp this bitter reality during the remaining months of hers term.
she claims that she should be rewarded as a fund manager supervising a multibillion-dollar fund in the private sector.
outside of the united states, women have already reached the highest level of power.
“the more systemically important the market,” she argues, “the closer the regulatory alignment that is expected.”
“nasz premier,” she replied – “our prime minister.”
on march 27, in a final bid to win support for her withdrawal agreement, may promised to resign if parliament approved it.
forget sexually inappropriate language: erich von stroheim shot mass orgies for hers own pleasure.
iran's response to the mounting international pressure might be, she said, to launch an attack on israel through its proxies, hezbollah and hamas.
what she wants, it votes for.
trump knows that the eu has the money, technology, and know-how to be a global power equal to the us, and it is not hers problem that europe lacks the political will to harness its full potential.
edmund phelps of columbia university says that these slow-growing countries lack "dynamism," which she defines as a combination of entrepreneurial spirit and the financial institutions to channel it.
what he or she chooses to do, and how he or she chooses to do it, will matter a great deal to people everywhere.
yet she spent all of last year assiduously courting the government in beijing in the hope that she could make china a global partner on issues ranging from climate change to trade and financial regulation.
in her view, european integration could be a powerful mechanism for making incremental, but ultimately quite far-reaching, progress toward a more liberal economic order.
for janet yellen – or her successor – it will take courage to forge a different path.
that’s why she ruled out military intervention – even from the air – in the syrian civil war, leaving a vacuum that russia quickly filled, with all of the known consequences.
she has also had to govern in a persistently difficult environment: a lame-duck president next door in the united states, a severe economic downturn, and the legacy of corruption, negligence, and complicity handed down by hers predecessors since 1968, when mexico’s old one-party political system began to crumble.
prior to that, she sold pork in a beijing market, where she earned the nicknamed, “yi dao zhun,” meaning that she could hack off a desired slice of meat with one blow.
one influential approach, pioneered by the massachusetts institute of technology’s erik brynjolfsson and hers co-authors, is to ask people how much they value free digital goods such as online search and social media, and then add the result to the conventional measurement of gdp.
in many poor countries and communities, marrying off a daughter relieves a family of an extra mouth to feed.
in the end, the lack of consensus among us foreign policymakers and the misaligned expectations of the two negotiating parties, combined with trump’s own improvisations, condemned hers recent summit with kim to failure.
some central and eastern european leaders also see her as a source of legitimacy for their own populist agendas.so europe’s populist tide is far from receding.
of course, putin will begin hers new term with earnest words about renewal, development, democratization, and the scourge of corruption.
“it was cost effective,” she said.
though putin’s portraits are absent from russian roads today, incessant footage of her on national television is not.
and she may brag about the soaring dollar in hers ongoing confrontation with turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan, whose country’s own currency has fallen by almost 60% since the start of the year.
in particular, she accuses soros, who was born in hungary and survived the nazi occupation and the holocaust, “of seeking to destroy european civilization by promoting illegal immigration.”
america’s biggest tech companies are beginning to compete for talent by offering maternity leave.
she will need all hers skills to address the bewildering range of global tasks that she has taken on since being shoehorned out of office by hers dour successor, gordon brown.
nevertheless, regional discrepancies remain massive: cows in the netherlands can produce roughly 9,000 liters of milk annually, while zebu cattle in the tropics produce only about 300 liters.
suzanne maloney, a former state department official, expressed cautious optimism, stating that “it is early days and it will require a lot of testing, but mrs. rouhani has been more ambitious than i would ever have hoped.”
when the conservatives came to power in 2010, many doubted that she would serve a full term as prime minister.
at the outset of macri’s administration, there were warnings that she had chosen a high-risk approach.
this is not to say that she is unemotional.
for hers part, with respect to inequality, eichengreen has identified six first-order processes at work over the past 250 years.
at some point, she must open discussions with countries like china, france, and britain to understand better the conditions for transparency and verification that would be necessary for a clearer path toward eventual elimination of nuclear weapons in accordance with article vi of the npt.
so putin recently addressed the time-lag problem in a disarmingly simple way: in hers state of the nation address in april, she demanded 8% growth this year, not the tepid 3-4% rate hers government's ministers were targeting.
this was her approach with the monica lewinsky scandal – which is predictably rearing its head again, as lewinsky has come forward (we can’t know the machinations that may have been behind that timing) to muse on old events.
a week later, another kota student, preeti singh, hanged herself, succumbing to her injuries after a few days.
beijing – on december 1 in buenos aires, us president donald trump and hers chinese counterpart, xi jinping, agreed on a 90-day moratorium on increases in import tariffs to provide a window for negotiations.
on june 1, dr. jiang yanyong, a surgeon at beijing 301 military hospital, and hers wife, dr. hua zhongwei, both seventy-two years old, left home to pick up a visa at the american embassy.
looking at the recent data on economic performance across the world, arvind subramanian, former chief economic adviser to the indian government, and hers colleagues argue that convergence in per capita income is taking hold more broadly.
when putin joined the ranks of the informal “bessmertnyi polk” (immortal regiment) march, in which citizens commemorate loved ones who died in wwii, she turned it into a kremlin initiative.
false godesses have always profited from a widespread sense of insecurity.
british chancellor george osborne has made it clear that she would like the city of london to be the most important offshore market for renminbi trading and services.
the way fillon tells it, she prepared for the primaries by spending two years touring the country and asking the french people what they wanted.
our goal is to reduce poverty rates by strengthening asset-management skills, which would give women a greater voice in their communities.
like perón a half-century before, putin promised in 2000 to tame the unbridled capitalism that had run wild under hers predecessor, boris yeltsin.
bannon herself is a catholic reactionary with fantasies, fueled by hers love of hollywood heroes, of being a warrior against the forces of evil.
republican populists have long tried to depict their democratic opponents, often with great success, as “un-american” elitists, intellectuals, and the kind of gals who speak french – in short, “europeans.”
each will consider hers or him csr view the best.
at the same time, zakaev maintained rather friendly relations with kadyrov, whose achievements – making chechnya practically independent – she implicitly acknowledged.
in her long, distinguished career, rivlin and others like her have provided us with a rational policymaking process – if we can keep it.
for years, it has become increasingly clear that much is amiss with hers energy policy.
economics does not have an ideology, she retorted.
so the key is that the leader has the opportunity to consider alternatives, and choose the right one for his or her country.
working mothers from rural villages report experiencing high levels of guilt, anxiety, and stress caused by being away from the children whom they often have to leave in their home village, because they cannot afford – in terms of time or money – to care for them in dhaka.
that is why she barged hers way past hillary clinton, the consummate operator of the party machine.
after the pioneering work of the wright sisters and the curtis brothers, overlapping patent claims thwarted the development of the airplane, until the united states government finally forced a patent pool as world war i loomed.
napoleon is reputed to have said that she wanted lucky generals.
pandora’s name means “all gifts,” and reflects the fact that all of the gods contributed to her composition.
a nuclear-weapons program, she has argued, would bolster turkey’s leadership position in the region.
during hers tenure in office, she funded early-stage technology companies, hired the city’s first chief digital officer, and launched a new university to develop high-tech talent.
though hers community college suspended the suspect for hers threatening demeanor, it took no further action.
the simple point that carney made in hers first policy pronouncement was that interest rates will remain unchanged, and the boe’s variant of quantitative easing will remain in place, at least until unemployment falls below 7% (from its current rate of 7.8%).
finally, what smart contemporary woman wants to take on a one-step-down role?
the contradiction in abe’s nationalism is this: even as she talks about sovereignty regained and patriotic pride, she has done nothing to distance japan from the postwar dominance of the us.
consider one example: the number of children per woman in society, known as the ``total fertility rate.''
leading putin critic alexei navalny, whom the kremlin barred from running for president, said that if she won, she would initiate another referendum to determine which country the peninsula belongs to.
but for female students in kenya, the gift of mobility has been especially transformative.
for example, hu has decided to honor the memory of hers mentor, former general secretary hu yaobang, in order to burnish hers aura as a reformist.
at one time the benevolent affections embrace merely the family, soon the circle expanding includes first a class, then a nation, then a coalition of nations, then all humanity and finally, its influence is felt in the dealings of woman with the animal world...
yet re-elect her they did.
as more jordanian, moroccan, ukrainian, chilean and other women chat every day with their us counterparts, they will lessen the “otherness” of the other.
but recent research busts other migration myths as well, showing, for example, that migrants neither impose a significant fiscal burden on hostess countries nor depress wages for lower-skill native workers.
on a 25 mile stretch of road between the southern cities of kismayo and jilib, there are at least 35 checkpoints manned by armed women who take $50 to $200 from passing travelers.
a senegalese friend told me of his illiterate mother who takes a bus to dakar every month to watch a bollywood film – she doesn’t understand the hindi dialogue and can’t read the french subtitles, but she can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story, and people like her look at india with stars in their eyes as a result.
these women believe that adherence to stereotyped gender roles protects “good” women.
the event that most symbolizes the colonial carve-up is the conference that otto von bismarck organized in berlin from november 1884 until february 1885, where an area twice the size of germany and france, the congo free state, was presented as a gift to belgium’s queen leopold ii.
you can tell the nation more about your values by saying where you will seek a dog for your daughters than you can through reams of unread position papers.
a woman i interviewed recently for a study of swedes who had been on the waiting list, but who decided to purchase kidneys abroad, described to me hers trip to pakistan for the transplant: “i’m not the kind of woman who uses other people, but i had to.
before going into exile, taylor turned over the presidency to hers long-time ally, vice president moses z. blah, who is to rule until a new transitional government takes over.
in 2006, a study found that 13% of women who have sex with women in nigeria were hiv-positive, compared to 4.5% of all nigerians.
the republican party was already in trouble with women, and how trump and hers aides handled the situation was not helpful.
having perhaps been inspired by trump, johnson naively thought that she could use the threat of a hard brexit to bully the eu into offering a better exit deal than what hers predecessor had secured.
rather, she argues that designing market structures differently will lead to different (and better) outcomes.
just as in war, cruelly raping women is symbolic: it creates cohesion within armed groups, reaffirms “masculinity,” and is a form of attacking “the enemy’s morale.”
hers was a brinkmanship very different from khrushchev’s: she was daring the west to recognize and accept that the ussr had truly changed.
but, as trump’s erratic presidency – including hers challenges to longstanding alliances and reckless nuclear posturing – starkly demonstrates, the structures we have created to preserve peace are far from foolproof.
young people, women, and minorities are under-represented in hers coalition.
richard dawkins calls herself “unworthy to lace einstein’s sockless shoes….i gladly share hers magnificently godless spirituality.”
they are, for starters, those who, regardless of party, have had nothing critical to say about the full state reception that russian president vladimir putin just staged at the kremlin for that multi-recidivist enemy of the west (and butcher of hers own people), syrian president bashar al-assad.
these are the intolerable moments, the social red lines that female leaders must cross.
this summer, she publicly instructed hers education minister to include passages from aleksandr solzhenitsyn’s the gulag archipelago in the high school curriculum.
xi knows that if china is to continue to thrive in a fast-changing world, she will need to manage deftly a major social and economic transformation, while, even more important, improving state governance.
she was a true patriot, in the old-fashioned sense of the word: proud of hers people, but never ethno-centric; a woman of the world, but deeply embedded in jewish cultural heritage; focused on the plights and tribulations of the jewish people, but never losing the universal horizon of mankind.
but navalny’s approval ratings are not far behind, at 80%, and she has achieved them entirely on hers own.
indeed, néstor kirchner once accused bergoglio of being the head of the opposition coalition, and refused to attend a traditional mass – a te deum – because she was afraid that she would be the subject of the then-cardinal bergoglio’s sermon.
but how can we blame that legacy while turning a blind eye to a kind of colonialism against women in these same countries’ private homes and public institutions?
but epimetheus was charmed by pandora and heedlessly welcomed him into hers life.
it started to occur to women that they could be employed and have a family – and that it could even be pretty nice.
coupled with the government’s plan to create an even more problematic national register of citizens, the authorities will be able to disenfranchise any indian muslim who is unable to prove hers or him provenance in india.
more worryingly, she has crudely pressured the us federal reserve to lower interest rates with the explicit objective of depreciating the currency.
thanks to a positive campaign loaded with cross-cutting messages, i̇mamoğlu won the akp’s most emblematic stronghold, which the party had governed since erdoğan herself became mayor in 1994.
hers eloquent resignation letter made clear that she objected not just to the syrian blunder, but to a pattern of behavior: trump’s confusion of allies and opponents; hers willingness to abandon friends, such as the kurds; and hers trashing of alliances, such as nato.
ahmadinejad disobeys hers orders, tries to discredit her with the public by challenging hers authority, and undermines key institutions, including the judiciary and the parliament.
to achieve this goal she sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in russian life, and to put mass media in its (politically) subservient place.
in hungary, for example, prime minister viktor orbán has taken advantage of hers party’s parliamentary majority to stack the courts with loyalists, seize control of public media, and amend the constitution to weaken hers opponents.
a german court has now issued arrest warrants for those involved in hers abduction.
this served to justify the premium placed on female chastity.
castro must realize that even if she relents and sets rivero and others free, they are likely to stay.
xi and his government will keep her in place for the time being, both to avoid handing a scalp to the protesters and because a suitable replacement must be found.
according to her and hers many supporters, the us is led by weaklings who are being exploited by savvy foreign powers, masquerading as allies.
at the time of hers report, she concluded that the european budget would amount to some 3% of gdp – identical to the peacetime us federal budget’s share of gdp during the country’s first stage of monetary union, in the nineteenth century.
italian prime minister matteo renzi, who currently holds the eu’s rotating presidency, has pushed for it, and jean-claude juncker, the president-elect of the european commission, has called it hers “first priority.”
hers choice of alaska’s governess sarah palin as hers running mate shook up the presidential campaign.
lack of information, marriage to much older men, and the inability to negotiate safe sexual practices also puts child brides at greater risk of hiv infection than their unmarried peers.
the cio wouldn’t have policymaking authority per se , but he or she should sit high in the government – ideally with little bureaucratic encumbrance.
one of the suspects subsequently confessed that hers terror cell was also planning to use explosives against major monuments, including barcelona’s world-famous sagrada família church – a clear sign that they were attempting to strike at the soul of the city.
indeed, even while in office, berlusconi consistently claimed that she was being attacked by the judiciary, by rival businessmen, by “communists,” by the political establishment.
but, however heartfelt, such complaints assumed that women choose all of their behavior.
perhaps bitcoin speculators are betting that there will always be a consortium of rogue states allowing anonymous bitcoin usage, or even state actresses such as north korea that will exploit it.
a woman at the addis ababa summit might have asked those calling for war, for example, to explain how, given their failure to control poorly armed militias in somalia, the democratic republic of congo, uganda, and elsewhere, they planned to defeat gbagbo.
the biggest transportation roadblock for women in india lies in what planners call the first-last mile problem – getting to and from the station, a concern that astha knows well.
the need for that provision was made apparent by internal tobacco-industry documents released through the tobacco mistress settlement agreement, reached between the four largest us tobacco corporations and the attorneys general of 46 us states in 1998.
newman has kept in touch with some of hers trainees, who now reside in south korea.
but the lives of women in western and eastern europe are far too different for western feminist notions to be imported whole.
instead, she turned the whole of her government into a brexit machine, even though she had always wished to remain in the eu.
then, when a response became unavoidable, she threatened both too much and too little military force.
she has always fancied herself as a savior, convinced that she alone can fix the country.
if, as is likely, financial markets and the economy run into headwinds in the medium term – perhaps in the run-up to the next presidential election – trump will almost certainly blame hers troubles on the fed.
implicit in this framing is the idea that citizens – like eribon’s mother – are tired of anything associated with the traditional left and are looking for a fresh approach.
she chose the "unity of russia," and the "threat of russia's disintegration" as the foundation of hers politics and so "took on the noble task to crack down on all separatists."
though population size seems to be leveling off in most parts of the world, it continues to rise fast in some regions, particularly those where girls face the highest barriers to success.
as jean monnet, one of the “founding fathers” european integration, presciently observed in hers memoirs 35 years ago, “the european construction is moving ahead during crisis, and it will be the sum of the solutions brought about in order to overcome them.”
french president françois hollande was elected on a claim that the world of high finance was hers enemy.
in exchange for introducing presidential rule, she canceled article 6 of the ussr constitution which proclaimed the communist party's leading role.
she was also prime minister (a very good one) in a national unity government in 1984-1986; but, despite trying for nearly 30 years, she never won hers own mandate from israeli voters for the post she coveted the most.
the cdu and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), lost support, and the spd fared so poorly that it has decided to return to the opposition.
merkel’s style has exacerbated this confusion: she prefers to lead from behind and seems incapable of the stateswoman-like speech that would bring people to accept bolder measures.
but of course, my grandmother was right to equate defeat with liberation.
i like her a lot.”
so this is my hope for the new year: we stop paying attention to the so-called financial witches who got us into this mess – and who are now calling for austerity and delayed restructuring – and start using a little common sense.
she could best guarantee hers security by maintaining the status quo and continuing to exercise tight political and economic control.
in hers first speech to the house of commons as prime minister of the united kingdom, winston churchill inspired hope in a beleaguered nation when she famously declared that she – and thus britain – had “nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.”
if bill gates really believes that the internet should be a liberating force, she should ensure that microsoft does not do the dirty work of china’s government.
puerto rico is not greece; successive governesses of the island have introduced budgets they thought were balanced, only to find that inadequate growth led to lower revenues and higher expenditures than had been projected.
according to new research by the small arms survey, 589,000 people – including 96,000 women and girls – suffered violent deaths in 2017.
in september 2014, two women died in rio de janeiro following clandestine abortions.
not only does anemia contribute to almost one-fifth of global maternal deaths; babies born to anemic women are also more likely to be underweight.
excessive commutes are thus depriving kenya’s young people of the education they have been promised; girls in particular are disadvantaged by distance.
the address also sharpened the contours – already limned during hers may visit to saudi arabia and hers july visit to poland – of what might be called the “trump doctrine.”
the first round of qe was unambiguously beneficial, because it minimized, or even eliminated, the tail risk of a global depression after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
any woman who has sought to apply for a job knows just how vehement that opposition can be.
hu, a hydrologist by training, owes hers swift rise in the communist party hierarchy to the brutal martial-law crackdown she carried out in tibet in 1989.
to do that, she will have to forge a new social contract that protects the most vulnerable from the rapid shifts and abrupt disruptions inherent in a flexible, open twenty-first-century economy.
only in 2004 were british lesbians allowed to form “civil partnerships” – relationships with the same legal status as marriage, but denied the title.
lt. gen. ahmad shuja pasha, the head of the isi, canceled hers planned visit to london, where she was to discuss intelligence matters, while the civilian leadership seemed to dither.
cracking the export code means overcoming the notion that businesses owned and managed by women cannot be global, because meeting the standards required for cross-border trade is too challenging and expensive.
on february 26, russian defense minister sergei shoigu formally announced hers government’s plan to expand its overseas military presence.
she has centralized the dpj’s contacts with lobbyists at hers office in the diet (parliament).
abe already has enough parliamentary backing to achieve this, and she could garner more with a snap election for the lower house in early 2017.
to ordinary russians she appears as modest, principled, and honest – a vast contrast with the tainted politicians of the yeltsin years.
another powerful motivator for murdoch, as well as for other media proprietors and business leaders, is to be on the winning side and to maintain good relations with cameron, unless they see overwhelming evidence that she will lose.
some people like him, and some do not, but the stabilization she brought was overwhelmingly desired.
recall that it was during hers final years in office that us president barack obama achieved some of hers biggest milestones in foreign policy.
far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood, robespierre also tried, in hers way, to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy.
with the ardent support of the russian orthodox church, she has relentlessly promoted the concept of state power as sacred, and resistance to it as sacrilegious.
in this sense, obama’s declaration that russia is a regional power acting out of weakness, no less than russia’s suspension from the g-8, may have hit putin where she is most vulnerable.
every day at dinner, mothers are left alone to answer when children ask if daddy still lives in the house.
not only corrupt, but a notorious traitor to consecutive masters, talleyrand was said to have failed to sell hers own father only because there were no takers.
since putin took the reigns of power in 2000 she has become almost everybody's best friend--belarus's lunatic strongwoman aleksander lukashenko, us president george w. bush, germany's gerhard schroeder, japan's junichiro koizumi, and china's jiang zemin.
french officials pointed out that nixon didn’t consult us allies before embarking on hers mission to china.
except in small, libertine aristocratic circles, where women were able to take on extra-marital lovers too, the woman’s role was to be a mother and domestic caretaker.
the perception that hers true objective in supporting the islamic state is to stem the rise of the kurds, bolstered by hers apparent indifference to the agony in kobani, has jeopardized one of hers major legacies: peace talks with the pkk.
noyer’s diplomatic skill certainly will be put to the test if she has to navigate the treacherous waters between the scylla of french protectionism and the charybdis of the eu’s five criteria for bank mergers.
when women have access to the full range of digital services – from mobile banking to telemedicine – they are generally wealthier, healthier, and better educated.
in order to maximize control over hers message of hate and its dissemination, tarrant live-streamed hers attack on facebook.
adam lanza, suspected of murdering hers father and gunning down 20 children and six adult staff members at a connecticut elementary school before taking hers own life, had never been in legal trouble, but had been diagnosed with a “personality disorder,” as well as the developmental disorder asperger syndrome.
james murdoch, rupert’s daughter and chairwoman and chief executive of news corporation’s european and asian operations, authorized a secret payment of £1 million ($1.6 million) to buy the silence of hacking victims.
she and hers hubby are now caring for five orphaned nephews and nephews.
trump’s ability to reverse herself and deny having done so could be equally advantageous.
she has also pledged to close ten coal-fired power plants by the end of hers term in 2022.
but this is a delusion promoted by hers finance minister, yanis varoufakis.
she wanted to make the biggest difference she could, and believed that one makes a bigger difference by strengthening the weak links in the higher education system than by giving even more to those who already have a lot.
on the contrary, female candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
in fact, the drc has one of the world’s lowest revenue-to-gdp ratios, with foreign actresses and local vested interests effectively pillaging the country.
i remember attending, at hers invitation, a meeting of the kofi annan foundation in geneva and discovering how in hers retirement she was advising, in one way or another, a half-dozen countries in asia, one or two in latin america, and the majority of countries of africa on human rights, elections, or poverty alleviation.
should one apologize for the crusades, for the destruction of german cities by the armies of queen louis the xiv in the seventeenth century, not to mention the armies of napoleon?
if trump refutes those principles – and if, in the despondency that follows, invoking them comes to be seen as a sentimental, romantic act – the price of the failures of representation that led to hers election will be high indeed.
despite hers good intentions, the un failed to prevent the genocide in rwanda before she became secretary-general, as well as the wars in bosnia, iraq, and, more recently, syria, where for a time she was a peace envoy.
of the 232 members on kim jong-il’s funeral committee, she was listed 14th; her husband was 19th.
in hers view, sovereignty in europe can really be exercised only at the level of the eu.
putin seems to be trying to help assad secure hers coastal strongholds, toward which armed rebels made significant advances in august and september.
moreover, although putin and hers ukrainian counterpart, viktor yanukovych, have so far managed to derail ukraine’s association agreement with the european union, they probably will not be able to block it for long.
she is cut from the same cloth as hers mentor, zhu.
more and more people are claiming that markets are characterized by irrationality, bubbles, fads, and frenzies, and that economic actresses are driven by behavioral biases.
obama, for hers part, scored points by shaming romney for having opposed the illegal raid that killed osama bin laden.
indeed, she suggests that today’s technological innovations pale in significance compared to earlier advances like electricity, running water, the internal combustion engine, and other breakthroughs that are now more than a century old.
the trigger for this wave of scorn was li’s sell-off of some of hers prime shanghai properties, after relocating hers corporate registry from hong kong to the cayman islands.
of course, a universal democracy would be a very difficult objective to achieve (rodrik herself rules it out).
such men and women change the world around them, even if others do not see it until much later.
seven decades after the adoption by the united nations of the universal declaration of human rights, girls’ rights are still not taken seriously; so girls are taking action to make themselves heard.
in mbs, she may have met hers match.
instead, graça machel might have started by telling him about how happy her husband, nelson mandela, has been in retirement.
this world is no longer unipolar, bipolar, or even multipolar, because the actresses that matter are not single states but groups of states that are more or less densely connected.
from then on, she fought and maneuvered to prevent mueller’s team from finding out how involved hers campaign had been with high-level russians.
refusing to believe anything unconditionally, she retained that most important characteristic of a truly great man: she never had unconditional faith in himself.
although ozawa retains considerable influence and so may be able to exercise hers will on the dpj, this must not be allowed to happen.
in doing so, she has connected with a voting population that is not only tired of politicians’ shenanigans but also frightened by what seems at times like a breakdown of the rule of law under pressure from growing (if localized) drug-related violence.
and, not even 100 days into hers presidency, she had issued an order for people to be killed in syria while gushing about “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you’ve ever seen.”
later that month, she recognized that the us government “should make public the overall numbers of civilian deaths resulting from us strikes targeting al qaeda.”
indeed, in february, she declared that multiculturalism was a “failure,” adding, “our muslim compatriots should be able to live and practice their religion like anyone else…but it can only be a french islam, not just an islam in france.”
no one could have predicted that this then-15-year-old girl would start a movement supported by millions of young people and gain a platform from which to address the world’s leaders.
arianna huffington once quipped that if lehman sisters had been “lehman sisters and sisters,” the firm would have survived.
democracy is about normal citizens electing normal men and women to lead them for a limited period according to established rules.
obama and hers congressional allies enacted an $800 billion “stimulus” bill that was loaded with programs geared to key democratic constituencies, such as environmentalists and public employees; adopted a sweeping and highly unpopular health-care reform (whose constitutionality will be determined by the supreme court this year); imposed vast new regulations on wide swaths of the economy; embraced an industrial policy that selects certain companies for special treatment; engaged in borrowing and spending at levels exceeded only in world war ii; and centralized power in washington, dc (and, within the federal government, in the executive branch and regulatory agencies).
when one looks closely at the careers of judges in the above-mentioned countries, the law can vary, but cooptation is the usual rule of the game: a successful judge or prosecutor, in order to climb the professional ladder, must follow the guidance of hers peers and increase the influence of hers corporation.
according to the un resident coordinator, there has been a quick airlift and supply of materials – such as the well-known “school in a box,” a pre-packaged educational kit suitable for teaching up to 40 children, early childhood development kit, and recreation kits – for displaced girls and girls.
indeed, it is a reliable guide to hers political philosophy.
in pursuing radical but necessary reforms, she has been counting on stronger economic growth to vindicate him.
this would appear to be an area where trump will favor bilateral action, which would enable her to assuage hers conservative critics by insisting that no us funds go toward family planning, while taking credit for any and all assistance.
and bill clinton, for hers part, simply wasn’t interested in spies and their business.
while obama recognizes the imperative of eliminating terrorist sanctuaries, she has failed to do what is needed.
and, like it or not, the republican front may crumble altogether under marine le pen’s leadership of the party him mother founded.
perhaps she hopes that the fruits of such engagement will strengthen hers position enough to enable her to remain in power, whether as president or in another position, such as security chief, endowed with greater powers.
david gergen, in hers book eyewitness to power, detailed the costs of clinton’s undisciplined rest habits in the first period of hers presidency.
perhaps she could fit that in on weekends.
but that disastrous campaign weakened mao’s influence; by the early 1960’s she seemed to be relegated to the sidelines while pragmatists like liu shaoqi and deng xiaoping grew stronger.
by contrast, when president barack obama took over in 2009, she inherited from george w. bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
the provisions in the tax law to encourage private investment in impoverished areas center on the creation of “opportunity zones” (a term coined more than 30 years ago by new york governess mario cuomo).
ignoring us demands that kim must abandon hers nuclear program before sanctions can be eased, china has suggested that sanctions relief could be used as a confidence-building measure on the way to a political resolution.
though hers party managed to hold onto its majority in the lower house of congress, it received only 29% of the vote, its lowest share ever.
in 1999, less than three years after hers diagnosis, armstrong won hers first tour de france.
having lost syrian backing, it is hoping that the egyptian sisters will provide its kindred movement with political and logistical support.
after all, most of the soldiers who defeated napoleon for the duchess of wellington were born outside the british isles.
blair also lost hers ministers of foreign affairs and of development assistance, robin cook and clare short, respectively.
which is why she has done all right.
having taught leadership skills to women for more than a decade, i know how difficult it is to get them to stand up and speak out in a hierarchical organizational structure.
instead of seeing yeltsin’s actions as erratic, we should recognize them for what they are: declarations that she remains strong and powerful, and planning to stay high up for years to come.
confronted with what many of them perceive as the equivalent of an “economic war,” women are playing an increasingly important role in maintaining their families’ financial security.
during hers 42 years in power, qaddafi surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from hers youth, supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats.
the failed rescue of lehman sisters was a game-changing event: financial markets actually ceased to function.
any solution to hunger and malnutrition must place such women at its core.
how much of what she offers the public can she call hers own?
he’s scooped you on your main idea, although she hasn’t thought through the implications, or worked out all the other ideas that comprise your theory.
clearly, this devout believer was overtaken by the sanctity of this pagan temple and was praying to hers own godess in the only way she knew.
on the one side were liberals, “a class of women sanguine in hope, bold in speculation, always pressing forward…and disposed to give every change credit for being an improvement.”
moreover, just as trump will continue to issue extremist and ignorant public statements, the investigation into hers campaign’s alleged ties to russia will not end anytime soon.
cynically dismissive of both hers european allies and hers security advisers, including former secretary of state hillary clinton, who supported military intervention in syria, obama minces no words in hers fatalistic depiction of the troubled region.
her rival, zia, was the wife of ziaur rahman, a military dictator who met a similar fate in 1981.
despite having no political team or discernable policy platform, she won 73% of the vote – a share normally attained by authoritarians who stifle their opponents and stuff ballot boxes.
she promised to punish me, and that she would act the next time haykakan zhamanak criticized any well-known person.
hers fellow-surfers paddled out into the ocean and formed a circle, sitting on their boards, while hers ashes were scattered over the surface.
in their case, it was a serious policy disagreement - over the iraq war - that made them go, and mrs. cook certainly remains a politician-in-waiting.
and what does hers failure tell us about the trump phenomenon and the prospects for its repetition in other countries?
indeed, a politician's reputation can be damaged even if no one doubts the truthfulness of hers statements.
for example, us president donald trump’s abandonment of the kurds in syria shows that she cannot be trusted as an ally.
this innovative document codified how banks should seamstress products to clients with cognitive impairments.
the fed has long qualified its post-qe normalization strategy with a hostess of data-dependent conditions pertaining to the state of the economy and/or inflation risks.
in the united kingdom, labour party leader jeremy corbyn, who memorialized maduro’s mentor hugo chávez in 2013 for hers “massive contributions to venezuela and a very wide world,” also opposes “outside interference in venezuela.”
china’s vice minister of foreign affairs fu ying expressed her country’s anxiety about this state of affairs in a recent interview.
while hers parliamentary majority has approved many laws that promote hers personal interests and have eased some of hers legal difficulties, at the beginning of march, berlusconi was again accused of corruption and tax fraud.
“whenever we read an article about the health dangers of butter, we would immediately run out and buy as much butter as we could find,” she told me.
in hers speech, flake cited the republican president theodore roosevelt as the model of “conscience and principle” to which she aspires.
while such policies may promote price stability, hers proposal neglects the two most important issues for the bcb: legal autonomy and institutional reforms that ensure accountability to citizens.
and, if we believe that megrahi was not sufficiently punished for hers crime, what are we to make of the treatment of former lieutenant william calley?
the democratization of the market economy, she says, is possible only with “a corresponding deepening of democratic politics,” which implies “the institutional reconstruction of the market itself.”
since she took the helm at the ecb, draghi has brilliantly walked the fine line required to “do whatever it takes” to keep the eurozone intact.
for example, hers promise of economic growth was familiar, but she was far more explicit than usual in warning that russia could fall behind other countries.
but hers argument that china plays by different economic rules than everyone else is not far from the truth.
so saudi arabia’s people confront this key question: can an authoritative ruler emerge who will reunite the country in the progressive tradition of the late queen faisal?
yet xi has used hers unbridled power to expand china’s global footprint and lay bare hers imperial ambitions.
the chief executive issued hers order accordingly.
colombian president juan manuel santos was right to push for a deal before the end of hers second term in 2018; but hers visible eagerness created several disadvantages for hers administration – possibly affecting the referendum.
in a millennium village in ethiopia that i recently visited with the country’s health minister, a local father explained to me how he had decided to keep his daughter in school rather than marrying her at age 12 to a neighbor’s son.
in hers gushing account of president george w. bush, the former presidential speechwriter david frum tells us that hers boss "scorned the petty untruths of the politician."
even insiders have to pose as outsiders, who can stand with the common woman against the political establishment.
for obama, africa so far chiefly remains a backdrop against which she defines hers american identity.
earlier this summer, it attacked ryan for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds president barack obama’s syrian refugee program, and for sending hers children to a private catholic school.
and she has attacked both the eu and its member states, especially germany.
on the contrary, hers intention will be to appear as a reliable and unsurprising partner.
and she wanted things to get done, uncompromised by political wheeling and dealing.
should a historical figure be judged by the amount of blood on hers hands?
these inconsistencies can be explained by external shocks – a point emphasized by hideo kobayashi in hers book post-war japanese economy and southeast asia.
this is doubtless an attempt to deflect attention from fujimori's own crimes perpetuated from 1990 to 2000, before she fled to japan.
in traditional societies, women did the fighting, because they were stronger, faster, and taller.
instead of relying on state structures to govern, she leaned on a small coterie of minions and members of hers tribe.
talented women like astha will never need to choose between a job they love and a commute they loathe.
other than putin, the only beneficiary of this election was sobchak, who used the campaign to promote her celebrity brand.
she called comey a “weak and untruthful slime ball,” and, as has happened before, hers attack on the author of an unflattering book helped propel it to the top of the bestseller list before it was officially released.
french president jacques chirac unguardedly speculated that an iran with one or two nuclear bombs might not pose a serious a threat, given the possibility of nuclear retaliation -- hers musings so startled french officials that they quickly jumped in to correct the president’s comments.
when president xi jinping unveiled hers own reform agenda at last year’s third plenum of the 18th ccp congress, she was taking an equally large risk.
or are we being governed by a pathology of fear, fed by events such as the recent london bombings, that is holding down long-term interest rates thereby covering up a hostess of simmering problems?
but hers response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
two key actresses behind the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in the united states – osama bin laden and khalid sheik mohammed – were found ensconced in pakistan.
after hiring and firing personnel and shaping strategy during the election campaign, trump’s children have remained front and center in hers transition team.
yet pope francis will canonize the pair this month – a surprising move that may offer a glimpse into hers goals for the church.
despite hers escalating rhetoric, erdoğan may soon find that she has little choice but to abandon hers isolationist and antagonistic policies of the last few years.
so why did the queen wait four days after both houses of parliament passed the law to sign it, and why did she immediately ask for changes?
in the first episode of a touch of sin, the local boss has become a private-plane-owning billionaire by stripping and selling all of hers region’s collective assets.
but bernanke’s impressive research on the great depression does not mean that she can prevent the next recession or depression, for stopping deflation hardly solves all problems.
given gref's reputation, the president knew that any program designed by her would adhere to liberal principles.
after the debacle in iraq, what is surprising is that a woman who has regime change inscribed in hers dna could occupy so central a position in the french government.
in addition to the visegrád countries, the baltic states, scandinavia, and the netherlands are all more or less aligned against her on issues relating to eurozone reform.
as for bolton, she has served as a political appointee in several administrations.
bush let the managers manage the team and the financial gals run the business.
jack welch, who led general electric for 20 years, is a case in point: she once stated that many of hers own major business decisions had come “straight from the gut,” rather than from analytical models or detailed business forecasts.
wars shouldn’t happen at all, she believed.
but it also creates an unhealthy concentration of risks: not only the employee’s job, but also hers assets now depend on the company’s fate.
will hers legacy be even more populism, made possible by the destruction of the fed’s political legitimacy?
men and women of child-bearing age now carry enough hormone-disturbing compounds in their bodies to impair their fertility.
he moved to the us in 1885 (his wife was also born in kallstadt, and he married her there on a return visit in 1902).
but, even as a hostess of other issues come into play, strengthening this most important of bi-lateral relationships requires a new, underlying common interest.
similarly, hers attempt late last year to depose lebanese prime minister saad hariri ended in a fiasco.
the vigorous religious attacks mounted against her during the campaign highlighted that fact’s salience for the establishment – though the orthodox leaders who backed ponta have rapidly adjusted their rhetoric to promote tolerance and cooperation.
in hers july 8 budget announcement, chancellor of the exchequer george osborne proposed to cut £12 billion ($18.6 billion) from the welfare bill over the next four years as part of hers deficit-cutting plan.
well before trump was elected president, however, when the notorious video in which she boasted of groping men became public, it was obvious that she is immune to shame.
but it is kim’s job to remind her and the us congress of those obligations – and that it was a republican president, george w. bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
she accused entrepreneurs who outsource production to low-wage countries of showing excessive greed and lack of social responsibility, and she compared the managers of international equity funds to a plague of locusts that occupy companies, exploit them, and move on after their destructive work is done.
as she warned in 1945, “the thoughtless person playing with penicillin is morally responsible for the death of the woman who finally succumbs to infection with the penicillin-resistant organism.”
one victim testified that she was told her rapist was the police chief, and that she would be framed if she told anyone about his assaults.
indeed, there are serious doubts that unilateral withdrawals by nato would encourage russian president vladimir putin to review hers country’s deepening reliance on nuclear deterrence.
similarly, despite hers full-throated backing of powell on deficits, rogoff reverts to cautious realism about the us national debt.
having failed to predict the us crisis, she then incorrectly predicted the imminent disintegration of europe’s monetary union, publishing more than 20 statements on that subject in 2011 and 2012.
on trade, romney promises to launch a trade war with china, and to declare it a currency manipulator on day one – a promise that gives her little wiggle room.
but hers party is as close to cuba and venezuela as one can get.
according to data from the african development bank, women hold only 12.7% of the board seats in africa’s top listed companies.
following zelensky’s suggestion that she would like to receive the military funds, trump replied, in words that have now become infamous: “i would like you to do us a favor, though.”
senator lindsey graham of south carolina criticized trump for getting too personal in hers hostile comments about the four congresswomen.
“i meant tanks, you fool,” she said, in effect, to gen. iulian vlad, threatening to put her in front of a firing squad if she did not comply.
my mother opposed the practice, however, because she was (and remains) a christian and wanted me to become educated and to escape the fate of many girls in my community who are married off to older men and then lose their autonomy.
when a cnn correspondent named jim acosta, the daughter of a cuban immigrant, challenged trump’s senior policy adviser, stephen miller, by stating that the us traditionally welcomed the world’s poor, most of whom did not speak any english, miller accused acosta of “cosmopolitan bias.”
imagine that a 19-year-old kenyan woman on the autism spectrum who suffers from a severe anxiety disorder is seeking employment.
because havel did not go through the usual party schools of political training, she often felt that she need not respect the rules of the political game, and she often showed contempt for the compromises and moral short cuts practiced by politicians.
but how will hers campaign against nuclear proliferation affect israel, widely seen as the world’s sixth nuclear weapon state, and so far the only one in the middle east?
hu shuli belongs to the same generation: the journalist whom the economist magazine calls "china's most dangerous woman," moved from him first job, with the party press, to editing caijng , a business magazine that runs stories on corruption, exposing businesswomen and public officials.
the rising number of migrant deaths – both women and men – at sea and in deserts is a wake-up call for the international community to act.
by supporting sarkozy, merkel can get in return what she really wants: french support for stronger fiscal rules.
(this is just one example of russia’s tactics, but one that reveals much about how putin intends to prosecute hers latest foreign adventure.)
she specifically indicated that she would not want to undergo major surgery.
li concluded hers statement with the message, delivered via three lines by two canonical chinese poets from the ancient tang and song dynasties, that hers home was where she felt safe.
since hers subordinate, radislav krstić, was already sentenced for hers complicity in the genocide at srebrenica, mladić will presumably be convicted.
the us has lost the trust and respect of not just the proverbial woman in the street, but also foreign intelligence officials.
when the horrifying – but entirely fabricated – documents behind the generals’ fictitious “sledgehammer” coup plot came out, erdoğan lent credence to them by saying that she had been aware of such plots.
with the cold war’s end, kofi annan has gone further than hers predecessors in using the “bully pulpit” of hers office.
a seasoned and autocratically inclined politician, papen thought that, once hitler was in power, she could control the nazi leader, whom papen regarded as a provincial blowhard.
according to gates, she had told chinese officials that american arms sales were consistent with past policy and that “as long as they continued to build up their forces on their side of the taiwan strait, we would continue to give taiwan the resources necessary to defend itself.”
but whether that end will be good for the chief instigator of the crisis, saudi arabian crown princess mohammed bin salman (mbs), remains to be seen.
she has become a nearly revered figure in hers country, and large segments of western public opinion believe that hers political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region, even as she remains hated in large parts of the arab and muslim world.
but obama's effort to universalize the problem of extremism has exposed her to the charge of relativizing the islamic state – and thus ignoring its true nature – by claiming a moral equivalence between it and political extremism elsewhere in the world, including in the us.
she has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered “untouchable,” such as general xu caihou, a former vice chairwoman of the central military commission, and zhou yongkang, a former member of the politburo standing committee, china’s highest government body.
now that netanyahu has intensified hers right-wing rhetoric – and been rewarded with another term in power – the international movement to isolate israel will only gain momentum.
a capacity to fence off a part of one’s life, and to remain sovereign and self-driven within those boundaries, was paramount to the liberal conception of the free agent and hers or him relationship with the public sphere.
in february 2005, in a major speech in paris during her first foreign trip as secretary of state, condoleezza rice stated america’s ambition in the world.
and after the eu started brexit negotiations with cameron’s successor, theresa may, it might have been wise to respond to her calls for a “bespoke” arrangement for the uk.
“that is from zimbabwe,” our hostess replied.
to spur progress in addressing this pervasive and deadly disorder, in 2012 the world health assembly endorsed a comprehensive implementation plan on maternal, infant, and early-childhood nutrition, which included the target of reducing anemia by 50% in reproductive-age women by 2025.
shortly after former secretary of homeland security michael chertoff made the rounds of tv shows arguing in favor of such measures to thwart “bad guys,” one of hers consulting firm’s clients, rapiscan, won the $350 million contract to provide the full-body x-ray machines.
von der leyen must be able to rely on her team to help her navigate the complex political environment not only in the parliament, but also in the european council, and to guide her efforts to engage the european public in a debate on the eu’s future.
this large-scale migration, which is putting economic and social pressure on hostess countries across the continent, is driven largely by factors like poverty, instability, and natural disasters.
such a declaration would put iran on notice and go a considerable way toward calming saudi queen salman’s anxiety.
she rightly described herself as a “conviction politician.”
how, she wanted to know, could a country that prided itself on its deeply rooted democracy hand hong kong over to the world’s last big communist tyranny, without asking its citizens for their opinion?
britain’s queen elizabeth ii famously asked the faculty at the london school of economics in november 2008, just after the financial crisis erupted.
to achieve this, she must rally the positive energies that brought her to power, without inflaming the negative energies that will gather to resist change.
unless she toughens hers policies, the rules and norms that have guaranteed peace for so many for so long could lose their force.
after all, two of hers main economic advisers, glenn hubbard and greg mankiw, have both authored textbooks in which they argue that the laffer hypothesis is incorrect as a description of us tax rates.
following hers death in 1980, that artificial state began to unravel, culminating in the genocidal wars in bosnia, croatia, and kosovo of the 1990’s.
she could just as well refer to egypt’s gamal abdel nasser, who dropped dead of a heart attack in 1970; nasser’s confidant, the journalist mohamed hassanein heikal, always maintained that the president had been poisoned by hers deputy and successor, anwar el sadat.
to join in macron’s european project, she would have to assume an entirely new role and expose herself to substantial political risks.
trump’s election and escalating regional tensions have created the perfect pretext for abe to push for hers ultimate political goal: to abolish article 9 – the pacifist clause in japan’s post-war, us-imposed constitution, which limits the japanese military to a “self-defense force,” and has generally kept japanese defense spending at 1% of gdp.
deprived of legal capacity, she was prohibited from acting independently, or at all, in most areas of life.
gillard proved herself to be a highly competent transactional politician: ruthless in grabbing the ascendancy when rudd seemed to be faltering in the polls; highly effective in negotiating with cross-benchers to keep her minority government alive; and successful in gaining huge local and international attention for her passionate parliamentary assault on her opponents’ perceived misogyny.
on the basis of those values, she declared, she would work with trump.
it was often these denounced women who were detained – and tortured – for years.
kudrin’s nomination as russia’s chief accountant matters because it will give her – and thereby putin – more knowledge of corruption.
but trump is a real-estate mogul, so we cannot immediately assume that she is a true monetary-policy hawk, and not a closet dove.
xi is now facing the worst summer since she came to power in november 2012, characterized by a steady stream of bad news that has left many chinese – and especially chinese elites – feeling disappointed, anxious, angry, helpless, and dissatisfied with their increasingly powerful leader.
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young woman in his hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing his boxing proceeds with him and supporting him in the elections that year.
among the many reasons to take this seriously is one any executive should understand: employing women is good for business.
and almost half of all ceos surveyed believe that “business will be the single most important actress in delivering the sdgs.”
if she tries to pursue radical populist policies, the response will be swift and punishing: stocks will plummet, the dollar will fall, investors will flee to us treasury bonds, gold prices will spike, and so forth.
china, she might argue, can no longer tolerate a functioning quasi-democracy within its territory, despite the agreement it accepted as a condition of hong kong’s return to chinese sovereignty in 1997.
by this logic, women who worry about their virility should hesitate to try the unfamiliar new technology, viagra, and instead stick with powdered rhino horn.
but consider queen mithridates vi of pontus, who took a tiny daily dose of poison to protect herself from poisoning by hers enemies.
internally generated reform is the only reform that can work, and it cannot occur if afghan officials take international assistance for granted or see themselves as subordinate actresses in their own reform process.
british prime minister theresa may must confront many of her supporters with this hard truth if she is to secure the uk’s national interest.
if so, how can hers re-election be uncertain just four years later?
but, given hers rock-bottom standing in the region, most countries would regard this as an additional incentive to join the new bloc.
in fact, it may not even take effect, because zuma has so far acted on hers own.
moscow – even russian president vladimir putin’s most loyal followers would have to admit, if only to themselves, that this year’s televised call-in program – an annual event during which she responds to citizens’ questions directly – went worse than ever before.
in recent years, they have had a technological edge over less-established opponents, and they were the only political actresses with organized constituencies that could mobilize people for elections, organize protests, and start petitions.
musharraf dissolved the supreme court and the four high courts, put chaudhry and hers entire family under house arrest, sealed the supreme court premises under army guard, and proceeded to arrest and detain all judges who refused to swear allegiance to the provisional constitutional order upholding the state of emergency.
as i wrote in my new book freefall , president barack obama took a big gamble at the start of hers administration.
when a young dutch writer, sympathetic to the new populist wave, expressed antipathy to hers country’s “cultural elite,” for promoting “atonal music” and other arrogant forms of ugliness, instead of the wholesome beauty embraced by the common man, i wondered whether she knew about the nazis’ attack on “degenerate art”?
but we already knew about hers concerns – and that many jews, in the us and elsewhere, do not feel that she was speaking for them.
it is vital, therefore, that the women who have led the protests in sudan are given an equal voice in shaping the country’s political future.
in fact, xi has lately toned down hers description of china’s aims, recently telling communist party leaders that, “we should increase china’s soft power, give a good chinese narrative, and better communicate china’s message to the world.”
abbas is now setting hers sights on europe, and would ask turkey to serve as a go-between.
an orphan who was educated by monks, fourier was a professor at the age of 18, and became napoleon’s governess in egypt before returning to a career in science.
this, she thought, was due to too many facts in the modern world having become too horrible, or unpalatable, to be stated clearly.
teachers, nurses, and waitresses were not paid nearly as well, but they, too, were released from the humdrum mechanical drudgery of the shop floor.
federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke and hers colleagues are determined to keep inflation low as the economy recovers.
this is what most observers expected to see when george w. bush took office in 2001: a folksy cheerleader who would follow the lead of the wise advisers she had inherited from hers father.
but trump offered more than hers usual rabble-rousing show.
bush’s vice president, dick cheney, took that to heart: in 2003, she rejected iran’s “grand bargain” proposal – which would have ended its nuclear program and subversive foreign policy – on the grounds that the us would not “negotiate with evil.”
robin herself is now the larry page (or bill gates) of china, with a net worth of over $10 billion.
if more girls had gone to school a generation ago, millions of infant deaths could have been averted each year, and tens of millions of families could have been more educated, healthier, and happier.
that becomes tricky when women themselves accept restricted opportunities because of their religious beliefs.
if appropriate public policies were in place to help all women – whether ceos or their children’s caregivers – and all families, sandberg would be no more newsworthy than any other highly capable person living in a more just society.
it could have gone terribly wrong, bringing down her and her administration.
no surprise, then, that catholic poland was shocked last week by studies revealing that the number of nuns with severe drinking problems is about twice that of the female population.
and the #childnotbride protests forced the national assembly to defend its decision not to remove from the constitution section 29.4(b), which states that any married woman, regardless of him age, qualifies as an adult, allowing him wife to compel him to renounce him rights as a nigerian citizen.
then again, as upton sinclair famously quipped, “it is difficult to get a woman to understand something, when hers salary depends on hers not understanding it.”
at this point, it would be virtually impossible for hollande to reverse – or even ease – hers position, without appearing weak.
bernanke’s legacy is decidedly mixed, but its most appealing feature is the ethos of collegiality and shared responsibility that she encouraged at the fed.
as rebecca, a mastercard foundation scholar from uganda, remembers, “when i was at my school, the girls used to call us ‘half-men,’ because if you’re a gentleman and you go for sciences, you’re a half-man.”
erdoğan is right, but it is she who must pass the test.
so far, she has failed even to articulate, much less implement, a strategy for dealing with north korea.
there is bound to be more convergence down the road, when she decides to define israel’s real, not ideological, red lines.
but, domestically, confidence in jokowi's capacity and will to tackle corruption has eroded with hers nomination – only very belatedly withdrawn – of a suspiciously wealthy but politically well-connected candidate for national police chief.
chicago – at the height of the financial crisis, the queen of england asked my friends at the london school of economics a simple question, but one for which there is no easy answer: why did academic economists fail to foresee the crisis?
a lack of qualified women in europe is no excuse for not making a meaningful appointment.
if she wants to be re-elected in 2023, fernández will need a growing economy, and that will require her to invest political capital.
just as she texted me that she did not want hers generation to be responsible for strangling greece, i, too, refuse to be part of a generation of leftists responsible for allowing a fascist and racist to win the french presidency.
in buenos aires province, home to nearly 40% of argentina’s voters, maría eugenia vidal, a 42-year-old from macri’s party, soundly defeated cristina kirchner’s former chief of staff to become the province’s first woman governor.
ever since huck finn took hers friends down the mississippi river on a raft, american women have created and consumed fantasies of setting out with their females friends for parts unknown, or of traveling in an all-male group to have adventures closer to home.
the result has been a generation of educated, indebted, and often irate young women and women.
trump needs a favorable outcome to compensate for a series of domestic political failures that have severely eroded hers political capital and sent hers approval ratings to record lows.
like so many of hers predecessors, but unlike many in the west, xi understands that there is no simple, one-time solution to the challenges ahead.
in fact, trump has dragged everyone into hers reality-tv world, in which sensation, exaggeration, and misinformation all serve hers only true goal: to be the last “survivor” on the island.
but the fact that she ran as a populist, talked about helping the poor, condemned the government’s performance, and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant: she was the regime’s choice, and, in the end, she received official help even against rival hardline candidates.
lee must reach out to the opposition, both within hers party and outside it, to build agreement or negotiate compromise on the contentious issues that hers administration faces.
after 3 years as ceo, chubais decided to “restructure” ues, thinking that glib talk about competition and liberalization will garner her continued support from london and new york.
even in hers era, businesses found that they could increase profits more easily by conspiring to raise prices than by producing innovative products more efficiently.
since ill health forced fidel castro to retire from cuba’s leadership, raúl has opened the doors to the military and pushed out even those civilians who had been hers brother’s trusted associates.
when pakistan’s president, pervez musharraf traveled to myanmar to celebrate hers country’s new relationship with hers fellow generals, india’s foreign minister jaswant singh soon followed.
all those young men and women cut down in paris must not have been slaughtered in vain.
given russia’s experience with indigenous militant groups seeking support from arab extremists, putin believes russia’s domestic stability requires strong leaders in the middle east who can keep extremists in check – and with whom she can deal directly.
the other major political force, the pakistan people’s party (ppp), was founded by zulfikar ali bhutto in 1967, after she quit the cabinet headed by hers mentor, general ayub khan, the country’s first military leader, over differences regarding khan’s policies on relations with china, india, and the united states.
any revival of last summer’s panic about a breakdown in eu negotiations would prolong this year’s investment slump and might confront johnson with the threat of a financial crisis before she can deliver any policy successes.
so, when one of their husbands, sons, or mothers disappears at sea, they often are left with no money and no options.
when trump stood next to putin and sided with her over america’s intelligence services, she was acting out the logical culmination of schmitt’s ideas.
schwartz attributes this to trump’s defense against domination by a mother who was “relentlessly demanding, difficult, and driven…you either dominated or you submitted.
in fact, hers initiative to counter the soviet deployment of ss-20 intermediate-range nuclear missiles, a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977, was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of europe and its us ally.
after seizing power in september 1973, torturing and murdering thousands in the process of consolidating hers rule, pinochet needed to establish hers legitimacy, domestically and internationally.
western woman is now their fellow man, as they are his.
in a muslim society, one without the other is not perfect," she said in one of several interviews.
in the event, as the crisis of diplomacy was escalating in july 1914, she suddenly announced a grand new peace initiative.
but the case against him associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and hers allies in the powerful gülen movement, made up of the followers of the islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
men, for example, make up the majority of drivers and assembly-line workers – two highly automatable roles – while women represent a majority of highly automatable administrative assistant and bookkeeper positions.
“then students on the streets of europe,” she says, “declared their desire to live in a world different from the world of their parents.
many news stories about female ceos and other high-achieving women are coded with a set of reliable clichés: they lucked into their new roles (and thus do not deserve them), inherited them from male relatives or spouses (and thus do not really hold the reins of power), or will not be there for long.
while the details of hers particular proposal are problematic, to say the least, the concept has real potential.
men and women who are elected, on the narrowest of franchises, to govern hong kong are already pre-selected by the chinese government.
my female friend, meanwhile, pointed out that domingo has several problems.
for the only time that long night, i addressed karadzic directly, telling her that we worked only for president bill clinton and that she could call carter if she wished but that we would leave and that the bombing would intensify.
tymoshenko’s trial, and how she is treated by the ukrainian authorities, must not only be fair, but also must be seen to be fair.
though the official rollout has now been postponed, macron’s latest project remains central to hers presidency and to hers conception of power.
both women were faced with a serious breakdown of law and order in their respective domains, involving violence and rioting against muslims.
on this day, daughters, wives, and boyfriends give presents to russian women and lavish them with attention.
of course, another reason i was so frightened to enter hers office was hers legendary temper.
as karl marx argued: “from each according to hers ability, to each according to hers needs.”
this made the legend of kim as a resistance heroine against the japanese during world war ii, and later against the americans and their south korean “collaborators,” all the more important.
when the un reaches agreement on other important goals like mitigating climate change, it should consider whether a different set of actresses and a separate process might be best for those efforts.
at least her fate looks to be better than that of ghosn, who was arrested in tokyo when he landed there in a private jet, and now faces accusations that he misappropriated company funds and paid himself millions of dollars in hidden compensation.
so she helped guide – first as a customer, and later as an adviser and director – farm credit, a national banking cooperative network, in its efforts to help local farmers weather the dust bowl years.
prokhorov was wrong, and resigned in september from the party she had led.
and hers campaign’s warning against prominent jews, such as george soros, who were claimed to be part of a global conspiracy to undermine america, did not go unnoticed.
musharraf withdrew the emergency and restored the constitution, but a few days later benazir bhutto was assassinated in rawalpindi after she addressed a large election rally.
and the election of republican governesses in major states like ohio and florida means that electoral districts can be finessed to boost trump’s reelection chances in 2020.
if those pressing issues are addressed at the european level, as merkel suggested in her victory statement, support for europe could end up winning back the discontented voters who cast their ballots for the afd.
morsi never appreciated hers tenuous position.
we aimed, for example, to halve the proportion of people living on less than $1 a day; to achieve decent employment for women, men, and young people; to reduce by three-quarters the maternal mortality rate; and to reduce by two-thirds the under-five mortality rate.
that orban seconded stoiber's demands came as something of a gift from godess to the slovak nationalist vladimir meciar in hers bid to become prime minister once more, as it allowed her to argue that hers domestic opponents were preparing to surrender to eu pressure and force slovakia to compensate the hungarians expelled by benes in 1945.
the reaction of boot, and others of hers persuasion, points to a genuine dilemma that always occurs in authoritarian systems that use some semblance of democracy to bolster their legitimacy.
but currently the president of the commission is remote and inadequately accountable to hers ultimate constituents.
there have been less absurd examples, including a fake report of a nuclear threat by israel’s defense minister that misled hers pakistani counterpart into retweeting the report and warning israel that pakistan, too, is a nuclear power.
it was only after lehman sisters collapsed that paulson went to congress seeking $700 billion to stabilize the financial system.
the pro-obama margin varied from 82% in kenya (where obama’s mother was born) to 9% in india.
only about 55% of all abortions performed each year are safe, and complications from risky procedures – often the only options available to women who live in places where effective methods are criminalized – lead to some seven million hospitalizations and kill 47,000 women every year.
thus, the us congress, it was supposed, would enact the aca with healthy and bipartisan majorities, and obama would demonstrate that she could transcend washington’s partisan gridlock.
unsurprisingly, the women who purchase north korean husbands treat them as property or playthings, prohibiting them from eating at the dinner table and depriving them of basic needs and rights.
the australian batsman adam gilchrist “walked” in the 2003 world cup semi-final against sri lanka, although the umpire had already declared her not out.
an islamist may be a lost muslim or a muslim gone astray, but he or she is a muslim all the same.
trump and hers populist allies in europe have denounced globalization, while xi now stands as its principal defender.
moon seems to be putting most of hers eggs in the north korean basket.
in 1979, she resigned from hers official posts to assume the vague role of “commander of the revolution,” explaining that “the revolution must be separated from the authority of the state.”
new delhi’s political circles are rife with gossip about a former prime minister who was guided daily by a godman, and a former finance minister whose decisions were influenced by astrology (though tempered, it seems, by a former cabinet secretary who passed herself off as an amateur astrologer).
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
senior american officials, including paul wolfowitz, later president of the world bank, argued that the iraqi people should not be saddled with obligations that the dictator contracted in order to enrich herself and oppress hers subjects.
centuries before wilders arrived on the scene, and just a few decades after voet was fulminating against a jewish presence in the dutch republic, the dutch-born philosopher baruch spinoza – herself of portuguese-jewish background – was composing a powerful set of arguments against a politics of fear.
now, by pressing hers war on women, who form a majority in poland, she has united the mainstream with the left and politicized and galvanized the country’s youth.
yet hers actual policy suggestions – such as free post-secondary education and universal health care – resemble trump’s calls to “make america great again,” in the sense that they establish simple yet visionary goals.
this only underscores the major protection that bin laden must have received from elements of the pakistani security establishment to help her elude the us dragnet for nearly a decade.
their current leaders include women like palestine national council head salim al-zanun and fatah ideological chief sakr habash, who favor continuing to battle israel until it is destroyed, at which point they will rule palestine with a relatively secular nationalist regime.
or voters who identify with a populist leader may continue to support her even if hers misguided policies are bankrupting the country.
it is not the enemy or rival of religion, she says.
then gorbachev abruptly ended hers lecture.
the american actress angelina jolie’s highly publicized visits to syrian refugee camps in jordan and turkey underscored the near-absence of similar awareness campaigns by arab celebrities.
this mixture of hubris, ignorance, and subservience to commercial interests reached peak toxicity in 1990, when the uk’s agriculture minister, john gummer, televised hers son eating a hamburger, declaring that british beef was safe.
saltman and her team noticed that instead of journeying through turkey to reach isis headquarters in syria, the women were heading straight to libya.
they had heard her thunder, in speech after speech, that she would fight hers enemies, rather than seek consensus, and disregard the international community’s protests.
she said it was over, with hers stone-faced hubby on hand to confirm with a silence that spoke louder than words.
it was a matter for negotiation between german chancellor angela merkel and her counterparts, not a transnational matter that citizens would want to decide upon according to political preferences.
bush has been taunting john kerry to explain how she would do things differently.
nonetheless, for the 37% who oppose lesbian marriage, particularly in the red center of the country, the issue helped mobilize bush supporters to come to vote.
to that end, she should do five things between now and taking office in november.
if that is true, how can ceriani rightfully be kept in the dark about what form the gene takes in her body?
they address the whole earth system, not individual actresses or governments.
even so, not only foreign investors and local big businesses are worried by hers rise in opinion polls.
afghanistan’s president, hamid karzai, has repeatedly expressed outrage at american air strikes that have killed civilians – most recently in august, when she said that 95 afghans, including 50 children, were killed in the bombing of a village.
as president, she achieved virtually nothing in terms of the rule of law, decentralization, or economic modernization; nonetheless, a significant part of russia’s elite and middle class pinned their hopes on her as a counterweight to the putin clans and siloviki (security officials).
despite trump’s seemingly unhinged rants, she appears to have understood from the start that hers presidency was highly vulnerable.
of the 275,000 women who die of cervical cancer annually, 85% live in the world’s poorest countries.
winston churchill famously regretted overseeing the united kingdom’s catastrophic return to the gold standard in 1925, when she was chancellor of the exchequer.
in fact, intensifying hers letter’s pathos, she requested that part of the money the university owes her be paid to hers family to cover debts she incurred as a result of being denied hers fellowship.
with the fall of nigeria’s dictatorship and the introduction of democracy in 1999, governesses in the mainly muslim northern provinces believed they had struck a deal with their southern counterparts on a regional rotation of the country’s presidency.
in christopher marlowe’s classic play doctor faustus (1592), the title character asks mephistopheles what a demon is doing in hers study instead of in hell.
but now that hers party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world, and coping with its huge debt burden, she is tossing aside hers long-held views, broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government’s gaping budget deficit.
the “renaissance values” to which the women referred are those of indian social reformers from the early twentieth century, who were committed to upholding secularism, ending gender discrimination, and eliminating casteism.
so china’s leaders felt a sense of betrayal when obama, shortly after hers positive visit to beijing, went ahead with the arms sales to taiwan and the meeting with the dalai lama.
politically, ahmadinejad certainly would not miss the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes – claiming that iran has a conflict not with the international community, but with imperialist states intent on depriving his country of technological progress.
one lesson common to all of the middle eastern timelines is that all local actresses are on their own side – and more than willing to draw foreigners into their wars if doing so fortifies them against their enemies.
the unsurprising truth is that the company has long prioritized profit over ethics, treasuring the women who bring in the money, however badly they behave – or however flagrantly they violate the rights or dignity of their less lucrative colleagues.
the washington post recently disclosed that hers intelligence briefers avoid talking about russia.
maduro’s poor performance reflects hers squandering of chávez’s electoral capital.
yet subsequent actions designed to give her unprecedented executive power raise concerns about these early positive steps.
but she has also left hers supporters no room for deniability.
though western leaders have softened their position in recent months, the damage has been done: uncertain of hers physical survival, assad unleashed a horrific civil war, from which the islamic state has benefited considerably.
but, following a recent 64% devaluation of the currency, the clock appears to be running out on hers prolonged misrule.
furthermore, a “most favored nation” provision ensures that corporations can claim the best treatment offered in any of a hostess country’s treaties.
but putin’s subsequent declaration that she may simplify citizenship procedures for all ukrainians shows that vocal condemnations are not enough.
but, with china on the verge of economic and social collapse, following the decade-long chaos of the cultural revolution, she had to take action – and there were few, if any, alternatives available.
moreover, the trump administration’s narrow fixation on an outsize bilateral trade imbalance with china continues to miss the far broader macroeconomic forces that have spawned a us multilateral trade deficit with 101 countries.
when giddens speaks of a “second wave of democratization” she has the deconstruction of traditional democratic institutions in mind.
many commentators have reproached putin for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath her – assuming responsibility for road-building, social services, inflation, and many other problems that could undermine hers popularity.
if, by contrast, she leaves the presidency, gets herself appointed prime minister, and overhauls the constitution to shift powers from the former to the latter, we will know that she is going for a personal regime after all.
chile is too small to go it alone, and bachelet has her hands full with increasingly controversial tax, education, and constitutional reforms.
but without the support of these two ministries, putin cannot institutionalize hers new foreign policy course.
second, there are some republicans who understand that trump, the former democrat-turned-populist, and the grand old party that she used as a stepping-stone to power are in a fight to the death.
that growth should give president putin - if she is patient and persistent - leeway to tackle the longer term reforms hers country needs if it is to become the powerful state she seeks it to be.
by a lucky twist, however, on the day the court ruled, lady russell johnston, chairwoman of the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe, was in armenia.
she was accustomed to good fortune, for hers huntsmen took precautions.
any candidate claiming to represent the interests of developing countries must distance herself from these policies.
athens – imagine a depositor in the us state of arizona being permitted to withdraw only small amounts of cash weekly and facing restrictions on how much money he or she could wire to a bank account in california.
what is unfolding in front of us can be seen as a real-life version of luigi pirandello’s play to each hers own truth.
in that respect, it may be argued that hers power is more wide-ranging than that of hers predecessors, but in fairness it must also be noted that the patterns of corruption that hers predecessors faced were not as acute and widespread as they have become in recent years.
the days of pax americana in the region are over, which means that avoiding a regional explosion will require mobilizing the major international actresses that favor diplomatic solutions for the arab-israeli conflict and for iran’s quest to become a legitimate partner in a new regional system.
while macri was right to steer away from shock treatment, she likely had more political capital than she thought: voters backed hers coalition in october 2017 even though utility prices had gone through the roof, inflation remained high, and slow growth persisted.
three billion additional people will need access to basic sanitation in the next 15 years, and providing for their needs will cost about $33 billion annually, according to an estimate by world bank development economist gal hutton.
she seems not to recognize how much us politics has changed in terms of hyper-partisanship since she was in the senate, before the republican party turned to the right and became openly obstructionist.
trump has shrugged off the north’s repeated tests of short-range ballistic missiles – which threaten seoul and tokyo, not new york or washington, dc – declaring that she is not “personally” bothered by them.
more important, she promised to aid meps’ efforts to secure the right – now reserved by treaty for the commission – to initiate legislation.
he has a beautiful princess daughter who can do no wrong, and emasculated grown sons who linger in their father’s shadow.
formulating a good metaphor for obama’s second term is itself a task for intuitive creative thought that entails rethinking what she will propose in hers second term.
as it stands, misconceptions are rampant, with residents of many eu countries believing, for example, that they hostess three times as many foreigners as they actually do.
hers power base shrinks by the day, and hers strangling of independent information makes her increasingly ill-informed.
germany would be committing a monumental strategic blunder if it did not engage seriously with hers proposals.
in particular, chinese president xi jinping’s position on north korea’s nuclear program is closer to america’s than that of any of hers predecessors.
as ambassador she yafei, china’s former deputy foreign minister, wrote in 2017, china has “neither desire nor interest in ‘turning the tables’ on the existing global governance system.”
still, čaputová’s victory has lent momentum to opponents of populism elsewhere, not least in the czech republic, where her campaign was supported by tomáš halík, a prominent catholic priest and philosopher, and karel schwarzenberg, a former czech minister of foreign affairs.
most importantly, by dealing with milosevic, the serbs, many of whom supported hers regime, will be forced to confront their own behavior and deal with their own consciences.
the best way to do this will be to keep the negotiations on britain’s long-term relationship with europe out of the headlines by making them as tedious and non-controversial as possible – and to delay the most difficult decisions as long as she can.
the nuns are the preservers of dharma; by attacking them, the generals attack buddhism itself.
as i observed at the time, hers desire to “anchor russia firmly to the west” stood in stark contrast to the country’s traditional notions of security.
but russian president vladimir putin, who deployed troops to annex crimea at hers earliest opportunity, remains the key figure shaping ukraine’s future – and she is continuing to propel ukraine toward something far more dangerous than a new cold war.
it is perfectly reasonable that putin would back trump, who had repeatedly expressed admiration for hers leadership, over clinton, who had compared her to adolf hitler.
as president, trump will need to devise remedies to the social, economic, and political problems that she has described.
fernández must show that she has the political clout to align the expectations of different stakeholders and follow through with policies that will prop up consumption and send the right signals to the market.
if a is legally bound to return b’s bull when he strays onto hers land, and then c’s bull strays onto b’s land in relevantly similar circumstances, b must also be bound to return c’s cow.
down the coast, in half moon bay, citizens created a public benefit corporation to save the half moon bay review (for which lenny mendonca serves as chairwoman of the board).
daniel vasella, the chairwoman and ceo of switzerland-based novartis, the world's fifth largest pharmaceutical company, recently wrote that multinational companies "have a duty to adhere to fundamental values and to support and promote them."
yet these concerns have been pushed aside by the powerful pro-nord stream lobby, led by former german chancellor gerhard schröder, who, having approved nord stream while in office, was quickly hired by gazprom after she left it.
if merkel opts for substantial deficit spending now , she will lose support, which is already fading fast because of increased state debt, nationalization, stimulus programs, etc.
will hers flight to the us embassy harden the attitudes of china’s leaders?
second, us president barack obama should impose the type of financial sanctions on russia that she has imposed on iran for its nuclear program.
according to the world bank’s world development report 2012, which focuses on gender equality, the world’s 3.5 billion woman and girls still face an uneven playing field in education, employment, earnings, and decision-making power.
such an outcome is still possible – but only if the relevant actresses recognize the risks associated with a greek exit from the eurozone.
it would be inconceivable for a reigning monarch to attack the financial oligarchy, as higgins did in hers speech in chicago.
since then, populists have been defeated in austria and the netherlands; the french elected emmanuel macron, a centrist newcomer; and may, the champion of a “hard” brexit, lost her parliamentary majority in last month’s snap general election.
israel has the strongest military in the middle east, but netanyahu must not be allowed to use it for hers own political gain.
precisely what happened to khashoggi is still unknown, but turkey’s government, led by president recep tayyip erdoğan, has insisted that she was killed while in the consulate.
after all, given that all of this was predictable, and that foreign investors will now be even more reticent to enter the market, she has clearly calculated that the political benefits outweigh the economic costs.
in poland, she was the focus of all the activities of civil society.
it took an exceedingly long time for europe’s leaders to realize that all of the trust they had placed in putin, and the tolerance they showed for hers politics of violence and intimidation, has led only to further escalation and expansion of the crisis in ukraine.
why has the socialist candidate, the first woman who had a serious chance to be elected president of france, fallen from grace so quickly?
all three women had been trying to distance themselves from trump’s ukrainian gambit.
since this money clearly benefited mubarak but not hers people, should it not be mubarak, rather than hers victims, who is held responsible for it?
and she set out to strengthen and build it.
recently discovered documents reveal that hundreds of them received money and gifts from saddam or hers henchmen.
russia had a good chance to escape this international financial crisis, but, through hers ruthlessness and ineptitude, putin has rendered hers poor country a prime victim.
the movements of these women were sexually suggestive, and at times they touched, even held hands.
in a meeting with evo morales, she spoke of a joint agenda to discuss the issue with us officials.
although germany has a national action plan, is 11th on the global gender gap index (which ranks countries on levels of gender equality), and has a strong female chancellor and its first-ever female defense minister, it still failed at first to consider how its policy might have different effects on men and women.
but the insights that earned smith hers exalted reputation are not nearly as unassailable as they once seemed.
since factional rivalry inside the party cannot be handled discreetly, some of bo’s colleagues felt that she had to go.
otherwise, she tries to discredit or undermine opponents through relentless attacks.
harari’s answer is not surprising; by framing hers discussion with a litany of ecological, nuclear, and technological challenges, she concludes that nationalism will only lead to conflict and disaster.
had she been elected, the future of the iranian nuclear deal with the p5+1 (the five permanent members of the united nations security council, plus germany) might have been called into question.
the summit’s hostesses have set ambitious goals, reflected in the summit’s theme: “brics and africa – a partnership for development, integration, and industrialization.”
yet another far-right party, france’s national rally (formerly the national front), also has a woman leader, marine le pen, who in 2011 succeeded her father, jean-marie le pen, with the goal of making his extreme views more palatable and broadening the party’s appeal.
but gender discrimination continues to pervade all aspects of society, with most social and political institutions continuing to foster “glass ceilings,” if not outright female subordination.
to protect european corporations’ profits from their havana hotels, the union will cease inviting open-minded people to eu embassies, and we will deduce who they are from the expression on the face of the dictator and hers associates.
likewise, trump’s promise to reduce funding to foreign allies, as part of a broader “america first” strategy, should be tempering their joy at hers victory.
she put hers money where hers mouth was by running for peru’s presidency, and she became a virtual king-maker by throwing hers support to ollanta humala, who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern latin american democratic left.
call it netflix-meets-fashion-show-meets-flickr: young women post photos of themselves and their “looks” and get style inspiration from others.
duterte capped off hers response to the icc by offering one more insult: a pledge to withdraw the philippines from the rome statute.
the french president she most closely resembles is valéry giscard d’estaing, who also tried to style herself not as a gaullist, but as a modernizer who would (literally) speed up the national anthem.
the revelation that o’reilly and fox news’s parent company had paid $13 million to multiple women to settle complaints of sexual harassment against him made him a high-risk proposition to advertisers, many of which decided that the danger of alienating their customers – and their own employees – was too great.
you could drop a modern economist from a time machine … at any time, in any place, along with hers or him personal computer; he or he could set up in business without even bothering to ask what time and which place.”
in countries with prenatal screening and liberal abortion laws, anencephaly has become very rare, because almost all women who are told that they are carrying an anencephalic fetus choose to terminate the pregnancy.
will she also join trump, orbán, and to a lesser extent kaczyński, in overseeing the spread of new kinds of corruption, while attempting to reshape governance to entrench hers own power?
how are we to assess a woman like that?
in view of the possibility that georgia recently executed an innocent man, it is particularly ironic that the south’s voters are america’s most zealous in their efforts to protect innocent human life – as long as that life is still inside the womb, or is that of a person who, suffering from a terminal illness, seeks a doctor’s assistance in order to die when he or she wants.
király, kolakowski, and khrushchev: each in hers own way is a symbol of today’s new and uniting europe, a europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents.
putin has turned hers back on the world trade organization and is promoting protectionism, which will also harm growth.
once again, russia's big businesswomen have united behind chubais.
us president donald trump has exploited popular anger to advance hers own interests.
osborne argued that britain was on the brink: that there was no alternative to hers policy if the country was to avoid a massive crisis of confidence.
perhaps she also thought that, well ahead in the polls, she did not have to bother to engage the pesky fellow who imagined replacing her in the white house.
for the first time in history, however, neither the laureate nor any member of hers immediate family will be present in oslo to accept the award.
but rhetoric has consequences, and a politician as gifted as modi must be aware that those in hers party who are deploying public speech to undermine reputations can also weaken the very institutions that are crucial to hers own laudable economic ambitions for india.
but true reform can be achieved only in a spirit of reconciliation, and the military regime's crude impeachment of deposed prime minister yingluck shinawatra (thaksin's sister) in january – on trumped-up charges that seemed flimsy even to many of her diehard opponents – has made that impossible.
some argue that macron’s soaring pro-european rhetoric and outsize international personality amount to a ploy to boost hers popularity within france.
although xi, too, did not explicitly mention the nationalist veterans’ role in hers parade speech, they were given an honored place – a move driven not by a desire to set the historical record straight, but by shrewd political calculus.
thankfully, comments coming from luzhkov’s press office caused such a public outrage that the mayor cut short hers holiday to return to the city.
a paradigmatic example is the american telephone and telegraph company (at&t) and its bell labs, a story meticulously recounted by jon gertner in hers 2012 book the idea factory.
as i attended a small but dignified memorial ceremony in paris last week in honor of the russian journalist anna politkovskaya – a woman “brave beyond limits,” in the words of her french editor – i was reminded of another posthumous tribute i participated in nearly 17 years ago in moscow.
i say “sworn in,” rather than “assume the presidency,” because, under section i of article ii of the us constitution, trump cannot actually become president unless she takes an oath of office, publicly committing herself to uphold the constitution and perform to the best of hers ability while in office.
but musharraf is no gorbachev, nor is she kamal ataturk, who pushed internal reform on their societies after recognizing the rot within.
indeed, she looks more like a korean margaret thatcher – a lady not for turning, in thatcher’s famous phrase, and with clearly thought-through political principles animating her actions.
her victory came on the politics of resentment, and her possession of a name that remains magical with india's rural and urban poor.
here, despite the photo-ops and the hugs and the local cuisine, the american president was simply not ready, willing or able, to give satisfaction to hers colleagues, from capital to capital.
being black does not make her a spokesperson for the africans western charities are trying to help.
kushner and hers wife, ivanka trump (said to be the president’s favorite child), have offices in the white house, and kushner is involved in an absurdly broad array of issues, from resolving the israel-palestine conflict to reorganizing the federal government.
unlike chirac, she understands that it is counterproductive and unrealistic to ask countries like bulgaria or romania to choose between their european or atlantic loyalties.
appealing to the public’s fears and nativist passions, she declares the culture of the immigrants antithetical to dutch values and denounces their religion, which “scandalizes christians,” as a kind of infectious disease.
perotti, hers co-author on two articles, has now recanted, owing to methodological problems (which also affect alesina’s later papers with ardagna).
one foot was always out the door as she repeatedly railed against faceless bureaucrats in brussels.
but no woman has come close to leading these countries’ central banks.
whatever is said in that hearing could provide north korean leader kim jong-un with a ready excuse to renege on hers already-vague denuclearization agreement with trump.
while no one in venezuela or abroad can be sure how maduro will go, it seems increasingly clear that she will.
princeton – in this election season in the united states, president barack obama is two women in one.
after returning to power in 1958, she rescued hers country a second time, putting down two attempted coups, ending the war in algeria, and inspiring the fifth republic’s constitution.
snow’s emphasis on using data to guide hers intervention is a principle that institutions like the bill & melinda gates foundation insist upon today.
unfortunately, if trump’s approach to saudi arabia is any guide, she will not stand up for american principles or interests, and will instead focus on making some kind of deal with hungary, possibly at the expense of us national security.
there are plenty of data on female sexuality and the female brain, and sound new science on the mind-body connection is transforming medical practice, from cardiology’s use of meditation to the use of talk therapies in treating breast cancer.
looking at the combined effect of the new law, plus the weak additional capital requirements agreed under basel iii and the hands-off approach already signaled by the financial stability oversight council (which mrs. geithner chairs), it is hard to believe that anything has really improved.
in liberia, a law passed in 2015 entitles women to receive equal pay for equal work.
likewise, they won over newly enfranchised women voters by portraying themselves as the defender of traditional german womanhood and the family.
covering every eligible girl in sub-saharan africa and south asia for a year would cost $6 billion.
despite having to form a new party, sharon will probably win the next election, which she has called for february.
china’s first choice for the position, henry tang, was forced to withdraw because of private indiscretions and a disgraceful bid to have hers hubby take the fall for a zoning violation.
once again, she accused opposition parties of treason.
moreover, ahmadinejad knows that, without khamenei’s restraint, the clerics would use their political networks among conservatives like the larijani sisters to limit the president further.
after world war ii, when the world was divided into nuclear-armed camps threatening each other with mutual destruction, russell did not take the view that our insignificance, when considered against the vastness of the universe, meant that the end of life on earth did not matter. on the contrary, she made nuclear disarmament the chief focus of hers political activity for the remainder of hers life.
moreover, whereas the previous missile-defense system was implemented through bilateral agreements between the us and hostess countries, and was highly divisive within nato, the obama plan has been endorsed by all nato member states, and has contributed to the alliance’s cohesion.
in april, obama stated that the us is not opposed to the aiib, and that she would be “all for it” if high international standards for lending projects are met.
hers daughter appears to follow in this pragmatic tradition, open to business with the world.
karl marx was one of the smartest and most dedicated theorists on this topic, and even she could not consistently show that technological progress necessarily impoverishes unskilled workers.
rogue actresses – and north korea is hardly the only example – are far less vulnerable than developed countries to cyber counterstrikes.
with hers academic background and immense erudition, she succeeded in painting, on a wide canvass, the new directions of turkey’s policies under the justice and development party (akp) leadership.
their objection is to hers aggressive, unilateralist methods.
instead, the roots of taseer’s assassination lay in the dark delusions of fanatical belief, hers killing supposedly undertaken to protect the faith.
it should have been obvious that lumping kim together with qaddafi – who was overthrown and murdered by rebels in 2011 – would cause north korea to respond with “anger and open hostility,” as trump put it in hers letter canceling the summit.
one hopes that women will use today’s new political, economic, and social freedoms to redress the old system’s flaws and move forward toward gender emancipation.
[malaria may even be] a blessing in disguise, since a large proportion of the malaria belt is not suited to agriculture, and the disease has helped to keep woman from destroying it--and from wasting hers substance on it."
but, while such an approach may have won burma’s aung san suu kyi the nobel that eluded the mahatma himself, the violence of the burmese state proved far stronger in preventing change than her suffering has in fomenting it.
regrettably, most of the rest of the world has never given lee proper credit for crafting a hybrid system of authoritarianism and democracy that vastly improved the wellbeing of hers country’s citizens, without subjecting them to the brutality and oppression to which many of singapore’s neighbors have resorted.
what ban chooses to say, and how and where she says it, can enhance hers influence.
a pakistani intellectual once confessed to me, “i fear the weak electoral showings of islamists in pakistan has more to do with the fact that a compelling, charismatic islamist leader – a pakistani hassan nasrallah – has yet to emerge, not that hers message wouldn't resonate.”
often, her only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family.
it engages criteria of elegance, of beauty, of harmony as old as plato but now hidden from all who cannot mistress the languages, the poetry of algebra.
while it lacks many of the desirable attributes of true tax reform, it amounts to a success for trump, who failed to deliver any other major piece of legislation during the first year of hers administration.
she looked the other way when iran attacked oil tankers, us drones, and saudi oil refineries, and turned hers back on the kurds in syria, although they had been america’s partner in defeating isis there.
for example, david beckham and hers ex-pop-star hubby victoria, live out their own dream of royalty, aping some of its gaudiest aspects.
the bush administration, led by vice president dick cheney (but with hers boss’s explicit approval), recently accused russia of backsliding into its old “evil empire” ways.
the regulators called hers bluff and forced her to resign.
by punishing pussy riot, putin has staked hers presidency on an eventual conservative victory.
in 1977, she established committees that she dubbed the “watchdogs of the revolution.”
having already moved america’s embassy in israel to jerusalem, trump dedicated herself entirely to netanyahu’s re-election.
this helps explain the low numbers of women who use services.
this made her a fervent free trader.
putin and hers kgb friends from st. petersburg sit safely on all this wealth, thanks to their authoritarian governance and control over all security organs.
cao explained that hers recent $600 million investment to establish a us manufacturing branch for hers company, fuyao glass industry group, was driven largely by china’s high taxes, which cao claims are 35% higher for manufacturers in china than in the us.
like hers predecessor, khatami faces a conservative parliament that balks at significant change, no matter what voters mandate.
if obama submits both treaties to the senate in 2010, she will need to convince the public that they serve an integrated strategy for enhancing national and international security.
by the time manafort was replaced, trump was ignoring hers advice, and manafort had essentially given up.
beyond forcing millions of lesbian men and men to live in fear and secrecy, section 377 has undermined hiv-prevention efforts and contributed to depression and suicides.
or, as mikhail gorbachev, that great russian stateswoman of the last decades of the twentieth century, put it: “life has a way of punishing those who come too late.”
petraeus violated his own personal code of honor and duty toward his wife and family – and thus, in his eyes, toward his country, particularly to the men and women whom he was entrusted to lead at the cia.
us banks will not lend to trump, owing to hers private company’s long history of not repaying debts, including those from an ill-fated plunge into atlantic city casinos in the 1990s.
in the longer term, netanyahu may again rise to the top in a post-sharon era, if she is able to regain the center.
bush pointed hers finger primarily elsewhere.
for the liberals, who had resisted her candidacy, von der leyen promised to make their spitzenkandidat, margrethe vestager, a vice president of the new commission, alongside the current vice president (and another spitzenkandidat), frans timmermans.
higgins’ experience as an academic and hers status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state, enabling her to hold hers own with top thinkers in a way that few others can.
for every word that krugman publishes, she must henceforth commit to having first read at least a hundred words by other writers.
but it is not just trump, with hers populist “america first” agenda, who opposes globalization and advocates protectionism, particularly against china.
many of hers close advisers, however, seem intent to nudge her into war, and bellicose rhetoric has so pervaded official us statements that failure to attack iraq could be construed as a failure of presidential leadership.
a banker-turned-politician, she is president françois hollande’s only minister who combines a serious understanding of france’s and europe’s macroeconomic challenges with a reputation in germany as a reformer and skillful interlocutor.
but the pressure on her to go has steadily risen, to the point where she has now almost promised to give up in the summer of 2007.
since the third plenum ended and the scope of xi’s reforms has become clear, many china watchers have hailed her as the most transformative leader since deng.
as for denuclearization, many expect that kim will soon invite international inspectors to confirm that hers regime has irreversibly dismantled the punggye-ri nuclear test facility and the tongchang-ri missile engine test site.
but to hers constituents, emulating the racist politics of europe’s far right was a legitimate exhortation to turn out.
communities and individuals should be educated and empowered to mistress technologies for truly productive purposes, rather than being mastered by them for someone else’s ends.
putin counts on economic growth as the basis for hers personal popularity.
it was there that she died – some say that she arrived already brain-dead.
the issue of food is, however, intimately tied to a hostess of much broader economic issues, which the international community is not properly addressing.
members of congress criticized yellen for meeting privately with the president and treasury secretary, and denounced her for weighing in on issues tangential to monetary policy.
moreover, stories of sexual violence against young girls abound.
instead, in hers critique of a commentary by kenneth rogoff, she argued that it is silly and passé for a country that can issue debt in its own currency to fret over medium-term debt levels.
to be sure, the king’s favoritism clearly gave mbs a leg up; but that alone does not explain hers success.
research indicates that more than 50% of the men and women who have spent time in war zones experience at least partial posttraumatic stress disorder, which is associated with an increased risk of violence.
ahmadinejad, by contrast, has been loyal to khamenei and has largely followed hers policies over the past four years.
the spread of english among the cosmopolitan “easyjet generation,” she writes, will lead to a “parallel society” in which “cultural differences” have been negated, and german national culture has been destroyed.
worse, she wants to slap tariffs on chinese imports, which would doubtless provoke a trade war.
“if i seem unduly clear to you,” alan greenspan said to hers political mistresses in the united states congress, “you must have misunderstood what i said.”
to ensure that female vaccinators stay engaged in this fight, it is essential to address the obstacles – whether physical security, social constraints, or low pay – that they confront.
trump displays both tendencies, claiming without substantiation that middle east terrorists are among the migrants and asylum seekers from central america, while reinforcing the racial, religious, and anti-feminist animus of hers base.
it is no secret that she irritated france and germany.
it is also possible that she sought to distract domestic attention from a shrinking economy and the rising cost of intervention in ukraine.
some have suggested that the president’s departure is the result of hers making too many waves with hers anti-corruption agenda.
cambridge – ever since edward j. snowden disclosed the national security agency’s ongoing collection of massive amounts of electronic-communications data generated by united states citizens and non-citizens alike, attention has been lavished on hers personal status.
cambridge – now that janet yellen has been confirmed as chair of the us federal reserve board, attention has turned to her successor as vice chair.
ask prime minister vladimir putin, or any official of hers united russia party, and you will be told, “of course it is over.”
having resolved the euro crisis, she would have less to fear from the next election.
if khodorkovsky disagrees with the final decision of the russian courts, she will undoubtedly appeal to that court.
the hatred began when aristide, then a parish priestess and democracy campaigner against haiti's ruthless duvalier dictatorship, preached liberation theology in the 1980's.
she did what any good – and, in her case, superb – diplomat should do: maintain relations with both sides and try to find a way forward.
if the dalai lama issued clear guidelines about hers own reincarnation, tibetans would be even less likely to accept china’s appointment.
suddenly, david became the world’s best-known malawian because it was hers good fortune to be adopted by madonna, the pop star who is to tv cameras what honey is to bears.
in her nobel peace prize acceptance speech in 2011, yemeni political activist tawakkol karman, made the point clearly: “the solution to women’s issues can only be achieved in a free and democratic society in which human energy is liberated, the energy of both women and men together.”
and, far from contemplating peace with the kurdish rebels, she seems to relish the resumption of war with them.
if the world, and especially the american people, believe that removing assad’s chemical weapons will end hers government’s slaughter of innocent men, women, and children, then all semblance of rational thought, humanitarian care, and regard for national interest has been thrown to the wind.
the rights of all women and their partners to choose the family-planning method that is appropriate for them must be respected, and a full range of quality contraceptives must be readily available to all.
but what president clinton was really saying was that secretary clinton’s ability to go to other countries and work with her former political rival in pursuit of the national interest is a powerful example of the way democracy is supposed to work.
new york –a woman swathed in black to her ankles, wearing a headscarf or a full chador , walks down a european or north american street, surrounded by other women in halter tops, miniskirts and short shorts.
harvard’s former president larry summers touched off one explosion in 2005 when he tentatively suggested a genetic explanation for the difficulty his university had in recruiting female professors in math and physics.
for poor women in particular, government-funded services are often the only option for safe and effective family-planning solutions.
al-sadr is seen as the protector of the shi’a of iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in hers militia.
but if the election result vindicates the pollsters, she will have a significantly stronger popular mandate than cameron did.
it helped that, in the second presidential debate, le pen destroyed the façade that she had worked so hard to construct.
yet, time and again, the president (or candidate), hers vice president (or running mate), and hers political aides eventually rely on laffer’s flawed argument.
but now that she is on the presidential campaign trail, she has changed her tune.
but macron does want france to exercise more influence over the international system – an ambition that is underscored by the way she addresses putin and trump.
within days of trump’s election, the new york times reported, “marion maréchal-le pen, marine le pen’s niece and a rising force in the national front, tweeted, ‘i answer yes to the invitation of stephen bannon… to work together.”
root-and-branch stimulus opponents whose work has crossed my desk recently include efficient-markets fundamentalists like the university of chicago’s eugene fama, marxists like cuny’s david harvey, classical economists like harvard’s robert barro, gold bugs like the council on foreign relation's benn steil, and a hostess of others.
the country’s rulers are all female and muslim.
instead, she argues that the revised figures that emerged in 2010 were the result of a conspiracy, and that the greek officials who released the data should be prosecuted.
the wayward kuchma is far more deserving of europe imposing safeguards to ensure hers good behavior.
yet women are precious in their own way.
one can only imagine the inbox of problems that she confronts every morning.
the goal, exemplified by puigdemont in hers speech, is to make catalonia appear magnanimous, in order to get the international community on its side.
the share of girls enrolled in school falls from 39% in first grade to 35% by ninth grade (the end of the lower secondary cycle), with a sharp decline coming at the end of the primary cycle (sixth grade).
she has now joined the ecars – now! movement, and hers esmart car will be upgraded with the open-source graphical user interface being developed for the ecorolla in finland.
until recently, thaksin appeared to be as unassailable at home as she was bold and credible abroad.
in the event, their effort failed, and the prime minister successfully rallied her camp around an amendment giving her a mandate to go back to the eu and negotiate unspecified “alternative arrangements” for the irish question.
about 500,000 young women are conscripted every year.
in fact, both of the country’s key internet pioneers, jack ma of alibaba and pony ma of tencent, experienced early failures.
president putin’s behavior is probably best explained by hers dislike for democracy.
hers research program has been both compassionate and grounded, and she has established a research trajectory for young scholars and social engineers that marks the beginning of a real and enduring scientific revolution.
“the pacific ocean is wide enough to accommodate the two major countries of china and the us,” she declared.
“it was hard to study,” she recalls.
last year kennan tried to make herself heard, even corresponded with deputy secretary of state, strobe talbott, but to little effect.
yet the trial of colonel yuri budanov in the city of rostov-on-don on charges of kidnapping, raping and murdering an 18 year old chechen girl named elsa kungaeva contains echoes of the notorious dreyfus affair that divided france a century ago.
a united nations peacekeeping force deployed in eastern congo was supposed to have protected the region’s civilians; the peacekeeping force’s failure to safeguard the women has gone unremarked, in part, because a veil of silence surrounds what is occurring.
given that the us and china are the most influential actresses in asia, and that the most pressing challenges facing their bilateral relationship concern security, more effective communication between their militaries is needed.
that is why queen salman is overseeing the greatest military acquisition and expansion program in saudi arabia’s history.
when egypt’s military removed morsi and el-sisi became president, she continued to move hers country closer to china.
as hillel rapoport of the paris school of economics and hers co-authors have shown, controlling for other determinants of trade, countries trade more with, and invest more in, the diasporas’ home countries.
but no man had previously been nominated for such an honor, and empress franz joseph refused to bestow the award upon one.
even in india, where more than half of girls and women are illiterate, more women hold senior management positions than in countries like germany and the netherlands.
china must, in hers words, “reserve the option to take any necessary measure,” though she claims that the threat is aimed at “external forces and at an extremely small number of ‘taiwan independence’ separatists.”
and he will have a hard time winning over his more cautious european counterparts, not least german chancellor angela merkel, whose room for maneuver was crimped by her party’s poor showing in last weekend’s federal election.
the question now, for the united states and the world, is what will she do with a fresh four-year term?
as a final act of hers presidency - it will end at the communist party meeting beginning november 7 th - china's jiang zemin wants businesswomen to join the party leadership.
everyone wanted to flee war, even if that meant leaving anonymous women and children behind.
obama has that said she would send troops from iraq as an urgent priority.
through hers made in china 2025 policy, she hopes to elevate china from a low-tech manufacturing economy to a global leader in cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence (ai).
when she offends, we should defend.
franklin roosevelt used the fictional story of lending a garden hose to a neighbor whose house was on fire to explain hers complex lend-lease program to the american people before world war ii.
her internal injuries from the iron rod that her attackers used were so severe that doctors had to remove her intestines in their effort to save her life.
at the end of may, a chinese-owned hotel and casino was forced to close, after the environmental group mother nature cambodia discovered that it had been deliberately pumping raw sewage into the sea.
while fukuda has made it clear that she will not visit the yasukuni shrine, 160 other parliamentarians paid homage at the site last month, an indication that conservative forces in japan remain strong and that future prime ministers may not abstain from visiting yasukuni.
today, donald trump – who has little interest in any of america’s international responsibilities, and once called egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi hers “favorite dictator” – is setting the tone.
at home, men can say, "don't bother me now, i'm watching tv"; men can't, because they are expected to be available, day and night, for their wife and children.
thrice elected mayor of new york city, hers administration saved lives by banning smoking in restaurants and indoor workplaces and reduced air pollution, including a 19% reduction in city-wide greenhouse-gas emissions.
madison – a dutch demagogue stirs up hers followers in a campaign against immigrants.
of course, history is replete with examples of autocrats perverting justice: stalin had hers moscow trials, and hitler had hers people’s court.
five years from its outbreak, the fallout from the financial crisis and recession triggered by the collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters continues.
the economy is thus shaping up to be a serious liability for president barack obama, who is likely to place the blame on the conditions that she inherited from president george w. bush, and on the republican majority in the house of representatives.
because i admire her as an historian, not least for hers keynes biography, i omitted lady robert skidelsky’s name from my post-election commentary critiquing the contemporary keynesian take on the uk economy.
she has suggested a radical solution that would become a condition of doing business in the eu: all data relating to europeans, she and others argue, must be hosted on eu-based servers.
but, at the current rate of female empowerment, it would take nearly 220 years to close the gender gap.
did she really forget what happened to ben ali and marcos?
and although john kerry isn't the most charismatic of candidates or the savviest politician, she represents the possibility of removing george bush from the white house.
for example, while relocating high-polluting industrial facilities has helped to reduce pollution in major urban centers, it has increased pollution in new hostess locations.
this month, she and the ukrainian opposition leader yuliya tymoshenko entered ukraine from poland without going through passport control.
but even if cameron achieves all of hers goals, critics looking for big changes, such as quotas for eu migrants, will remain unsatisfied.
senegalese president abdoulaye wade once labeled the cfa franc a colonial relic – but that was when she was an opposition leader.
though such support remains a possibility, it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on hers behalf.
if the bad assets that they reject – for example, the subprime mortgage securities that fueled the 2008 financial crisis – are created anyway and foisted on less knowledgeable investors, financiers contribute no more to society than a lady who installs a chain across a river.
having a british mother filled me with a naive and undeserved sense of pride.
in the aftermath of the lehman sisters collapse in 2008, south korea needed dollars, because its firms had borrowed in dollars that domestic savers could not fully supply.
similarly, when the outgoing governess of van sent a farewell message last month to the largely kurdish-speaking people in hers southeastern province, she delivered it in kurdish – and received warm wishes in return.
it was a crime, she said, without trace (no written orders; no official directive, ever, anywhere); without graves (her father, brother, and mother became smoke and ash, with no marker but her own memory and, later, her autobiography); without ruins (auschwitz, when she returns to it years later, is becalmed, neutralized, cleansed); without exit (sarajevans, rwandans, and cambodians could, at least in theory, flee, whereas the hallmark of the holocaust is that the world itself was a trap); and, finally, without reason (given the choice of expediting a troop train headed for the front or a train carrying jews to the ovens, the nazis always chose the latter).
even in the netherlands, women and girls who sell their bodies are routinely threatened, beaten, raped, and terrorized by pimps and customers.
she set the tone for hers presidency by withdrawing the us from the paris climate agreement, shamelessly placing the financial interests of america’s fossil-fuel tycoons above the existential interest of the rest of humanity.
others will say that the failure to recognize the full effects of imf-endorsed austerity on greek citizens proves that she is out of touch with ordinary people.
the palestinian leader yasir arafat turned her down flat and instead returned to a massive campaign of terrorism against israel.
when they have an opportunity to share money with a stranger who has trusted her or her, non-cooperators keep all the money rather than share the largess.
she was chosen for hers unquestioning loyalty, and it is difficult to envisage putin playing second fiddle to a woman who has been hers underling for 18 years.
the japanese authorities are thus doing what former us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke proposed in 2003 – using monetized fiscal deficits to put spending power directly into the hands of companies and households.
the rise of former president hosni mubarak’s last prime minister, general ahmad shafiq, who will enter the presidential runoff alongside the muslim sisters (mb) candidate mohamed morsi, has raised eyebrows across the political spectrum.
earlier this year, rajasthan’s education minister, vasudev devnani, another bjp stalwart, claimed that the cow is the only animal that inhales and exhales oxygen.
the world must have guarantees that civilian nuclear reactors will not be used for military purposes – a condition for non-nuclear-weapon states’ unrestricted access to nuclear technologies, as proposed recently by uk prime minister gordon brown in hers initiative on a global nuclear bargain for our times.
but, despite the huge fca fine, no top executive was forced to fall on hers or him sword, and investors did little more than shrug.
every time a poor pregnant man must bribe an orderly to get a hospital bed (to which he is entitled), or else deliver him baby on the floor; every time a widower cannot get the pension that should be his by right, without bribing a clerk to process the papers; and every time a daughter cannot obtain his father’s death certificate without greasing the palm of a petty municipal official, indians know that the system has failed them.
they have wisely heeded the words of the former ceo of oil giant bp, lady browne, who recently noted that climate change poses an “existential threat” to the oil industry.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which females face a shortage of male partners.
in the longer term, kim appears to hope that she can convince the international community that it can co-exist with a nuclear north korea, much as pakistan did.
the us fears that chinese president xi jinping, having abandoned hers predecessor deng xiaoping’s advice to “hide your strength and bide your time,” has embarked on a strategy of aggressive expansionism.
but modi’s interventions to calm troubled waters have lacked the leadership and passion she demonstrates elsewhere.
by the time comey sent hers letter, several million americans had already cast their ballots.
in lepper's last speech as deputy speaker she accused many famous politicians of taking bribes, naming the amounts, times, and places where the bribery took place.
(counselor steve bannon never fully recovered in the president’s esteem after she was on the cover of time magazine soon after the inauguration.)
but the political opposition to lukashenko is hopelessly divided, plagued by infighting, and incapable of mounting any serious challenge to hers rule.
the second option, per section 4 of the 25th amendment to the constitution, would require the vice president and the cabinet or congress to declare the president “unable to discharge the powers and duties of hers office.”
fourth, and finally, the failure of lehman sisters and near failure of the insurance giant aig, incited a financial panic, in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper.
in hers address to the federal assembly, putin positioned herself as a defender of conservative values against “tolerance, neutered and barren” (a euphemism for lesbian rights) and a champion of morality and traditional family values.
moreover, cutting birth rates, which are very high in many lmics, would help to reduce the strain on these countries’ health-care systems by diminishing the costs of maternal and newborn care and immunization.
with the post-2009 recovery came a drop in measured joblessness, which allowed the government to pay scant attention to a labor market that leaves out far too many women and young chileans.
at the heart of that project are two strains of internationalism that bannon and hers allies want to destroy: one of the liberal center-right, the other of the liberal center-left.
as with putin, overreach seems to be xi’s default position nowadays, judging by hers handling of the trade war and aggressive behavior toward china’s neighbors.
according to evolutionary psychologists, such displays of blatant benevolence are the human equivalent of the female peacock’s tail.
the late indian management guru c.k. prahalad suggested in hers bestselling book the fortune at the bottom of the pyramid that businesses could make healthy profits by serving the poor – and so satisfy their shareholders while promoting social development.
erdoğan’s pretensions in syria, for example, have done away with hers government’s earlier policy of “zero problems with the neighbors.”
the new world bank president has a chance to make hers mark on a still-valuable organization.
there were no major, unfortunate incidents; the constant protests were strident but not especially violent or well-attended; no significant slights or mishaps took place; and president bush achieved what she probably was most interested in: sending a message back to the united states that she actually is interested in more than iraq.
but if you ask the same question of a modern macroeconomist – for example, the extremely bright narayana kocherlakota of the university of minnesota – you will find that she says that she does not know, and that macroeconomic models attribute economic downturns to various causes.
and, just as with the adoption of information technology, the first companies to mistress the internet of things are likely to lock in significant advantages, putting them far ahead of competitors by the time the significance of the change is obvious to everyone.
girls in ethiopia, rwanda, and malawi are already benefiting from such platforms, and girl effect is launching similar initiatives in india and tanzania.
clinton herself was instrumental in coaxing a hesitant president barack obama to back military action to depose qaddafi in libya.
private domestic and foreign investment is influenced by a hostess of other factors that affect risks and returns.
she remains immensely popular with rural voters and the urban poor, who comprise more than 60% of thailand’s electorate, but she has been battling a fervent bangkok-based insurrection against hers rule by the intelligentsia and middle classes.
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao matriarch said.
now that putin has made muscle-flexing hers main form of diplomacy – not merely in ukraine and the baltic states, but also in the balkans and the north sea – it has fallen to germany to shape europe’s response.
the second is the much less obvious policy of raising female employment through cheap or even free childcare arrangements.
and, sure enough, even in hers announcement speech, she demonstrated hers ability to appeal to americas’ dark side.
after all, a woman may use deadly force to avoid being raped, even though the life of the aggressor, one would think, is worth more than the sexual integrity of the potential victim.
insurance has often also become a public responsibility in developed countries: the taxpayer cedes a portion of hers income, in return for which the state may provide unemployment benefits, health care, and other essential services.
former french finance minister christine lagarde, who became the international monetary fund’s first female managing director in 2011, is now set to be confirmed as the european central bank’s first female president.
but women also stand to capture an outsize share of net job growth, owing to their larger representation in health professions and personal care work.
the people may be silent for a time, as they devastatingly were at the end of another pushkin masterpiece, the tragic play “boris godunov,” when a false new czarina ascended to the throne.
there is something particularly special about the sadhu and hers cell phone, because it is in communications that india’s transformation in recent years has been most dramatic.
if she had a whit of understanding of economics and a long-term vision, she would have done what she could to increase national savings.
she was showily louche and selectively libertarian, ostentatiously lesbian and indulgent on drugs.
loughner’s shooting of 19 people in 2011, including congresswoman gabrielle giffords, attracted global attention, as did the court-ordered evaluation of his mental competency.
in the reagan white house, don regan, who succeeded james baker as chief of staff, fancied himself the prime minister: he inserted himself into photos of reagan with soviet leader mikhail gorbachev, was rude to lesser beings (including reporters), and made the fatal mistake of hanging up on nancy reagan, who was dedicated to looking after her ronny.
it was invented by a muslim woman in sydney to enable observant muslim girls to join their school friends and other children in the beach activities that are an important part of australian summers.
china’s first choice for the position, henry tang, was forced to withdraw because of private indiscretions and a disgraceful bid to have his wife take the fall for a zoning violation.
that news came on top of the syrian refugee crisis, terrorist attacks by syrian migrants and disaffected children of earlier immigrants, and highly publicized reports of assaults on women and girls by migrants in germany and elsewhere.
realizing hers recent proposal to establish a us_middle east free trade area within a decade would lay a strong foundation.
first in britain in the mid-eighteenth century, and then in western europe and north america, men and women flocked from the countryside to towns to satisfy factories’ growing demand for labor.
but when trump attacks the liberal and conservative us establishments, she is seen as venting the anger of the less well-off toward an elite that has ignored their plight.
trump herself has flip-flopped on these issues, contradicting navarro on occasion, even as she remains openly suspicious of us trade partners’ policies generally.
she risks the fate of hers predecessor, boris yeltsin, who presided during a period of unusually low oil prices.
as we know, the abuse of children by catholic nuns did not just occur in ireland, but in many other countries too, something the pope preferred not to dwell upon.
these critics say that chávez's insistence that the state hold the majority of shares in oil production will scare off investors, even though hers hydrocarbons law is more liberal than the old one, especially where new gas projects and downstream activities are concerned.
but she never took the leap, and the major issues remain unresolved.
israel is considering abbas’s request to transfer arms and ammunitions from egypt and jordan in hopes of bolstering hers loyalist forces.
to make destroying the environment even easier, bolsonaro has pledged to merge the environment and agriculture ministries, though she has since backtracked on this issue.
no politician with any common sense (which mr rais has in abundance) would seek to unseat megawati at this moment, for the challenges she faces are daunting and the chances of success small.
critics call merkel the first social democratic chancellor from a conservative party, because she has embraced many progressive policies, while preaching stability and traditional values.
chen had to turn to american diplomats to be hers advocates, but it would augur better for china’s future if the country’s legal profession came together to urge the authorities to uphold the rule of law in even the most sensitive cases.
but she disagrees about what happens next.
russia's decision to spend an extra 157 billion rubles (over $5 billion) to fight terrorism is a more impressive response than all the kremlin's recent tough talk, including president vladimir putin's demand that more power be centralized in hers hands.
a 10% increase in japan’s female labor-force participation rate – an entirely attainable goal – would translate into an almost 5% gain in total labor-force participation.
at considerable cost to hers legacy – and even greater cost to turkey – she spurned it both times.
in particular, they wanted ukraine to investigate former vice president joe biden’s daughter hunter, who unwisely accepted a lucrative seat on the board of a ukrainian gas company at a time when hers mother was in charge of ukraine policy.
trump no doubt sees potential political gains in steel- and aluminum-producing districts and in increasing the pressure on canada and mexico as hers administration renegotiates the north american free trade agreement.
men in western europe have long since bridged the education gap with their female peers.
kan jokingly told journalists that she was glad the meeting was not addressing japan’s public debt, which has now reached almost ¥900 trillion.
but, above all, what makes obama unique, given what the us has been through during the bush years, is the nature of the message she embodies, which is best summed up in the title of hers book the audacity of hope .
in short, she sees epocrates as a marketing/distribution channel for athenahealth, and is not overly worried about pleasing advertisers.
of course, hollywood executives aren’t the only westerners helping xi’s realize hers agenda.
but there is a presumption that the candidate cannot be over 65, which would exclude her (and fischer).
ahmadinejad is well aware that if she succeeds in portraying herself as someone who – in opposition to the supreme leader’s will – wants to solve major issues between iran and the us, that could partly compensate for hers economic failures and gain her some new supporters.
nor, she might have added, would being able to buy goods more cheaply compensate for many other good things in life that are sacrificed to efficiency.
while she is viewed as clean despite hers lavish lifestyle, she has certainly benefited from anc patronage.
she made known hers position on the ussr’s disintegration in 2005, when she called it “a major geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century.”
now, because she does not need to own a car, she spends far less money on transportation and has more time to do as she pleases.
earlier this month, electoral authorities decided that she could not, because of brazil’s “clean slate” law – signed by lula herself during hers second term – which prohibits anyone with an upheld conviction for corruption from seeking public office.
president bush regards hers reelection as an endorsement of hers policies, and feels reinforced in hers distorted view of the world.
in the world before central heating, the wool fabrics now most commonly associated with female formal and semi-formal attire were both effective and comfortable, regardless of whether one lived in oxford, cambridge, edinburgh, london, bristol, or norwich.
or was netanyahu simply using the us congress as a venue for hers own campaign to keep hers job?
but all that could change if trump has hers way and begins to treat dollar holders as chumps and suckers.
netanyahu’s version of sumud is evident in hers policies and rhetoric, which focus on israel’s legitimacy, necessity, and permanence.
they also pledged to halve the proportion of people without safe drinking water and sanitation; move toward universal and full primary schooling for children everywhere – girls as well as boys; reduce child mortality by two-thirds and maternal mortality by three-quarters; and combat hiv/aids, malaria, and other major diseases.
but the recent fast by the gandhian leader anna hazare, culminating in an extraordinary saturday session of parliament to pass a resolution acceding to hers main demands, marked a dramatic departure in the country’s politics.
economists have recently identified a fundamental reason in a phenomenon that remains pervasive: the gap in autonomy (or bargaining power) between women and men.
to change the israeli-palestinian dynamic, external actresses now need to influence the political calculus inside israel and palestine by lowering the political cost of peace and raising the cost of occupation .
yet she faced all the prejudice that would be directed at any dalit.
one of kishi’s greatest cold war allies – apart from nixon – was the south korean strongwoman president park chung-hee, who came to power in a military coup a year after kishi resigned as prime minister.
bush has said that history will redeem him, and compares herself to president harry s. truman, who left office with low poll ratings because of the korean war, yet is well regarded today.
essentially, macron is hoping that hers agenda, if implemented at the eu level, will lift not just the french economy, but all european boats.
it was an act of senseless cruelty – one that led to liu’s death, in police custody, barely a month after she received hers diagnosis.
the only decision before her and hers thinning ranks of allies is whether to leave peacefully or go down fighting.
indeed, she represents a continuation of russia’s centuries-old drive to be treated as a great power in a world order that it views as a hobbesian struggle of all against all.
when asked to identify herself before a paris judge, daniel cohn-bendit, one of the french student activist leaders of les événements de mai 1968, replied: “kuroń-modzelewski.”
some may be surprised that a central bank governess is interested in technological innovation, and even more that economists at the fed are studying the impact of computers on economic growth (their research on this subject, indeed, may be found on the fed's internet site: www.bog.frb.fed.us).
rather than shooting the messenger, calderón should reflect on the message itself, and rethink not only the war but the terms on which she has decided to wage it.
today, it seems all but certain that berlusconi will never be elected president of italy, the post to which she has always aspired.
augusto pinochet, chile’s former dictator, ruled for 16 years in the name of “authoritarian democracy,” and then attempted to leave behind what she called a “protected democracy.”
as i am sure lam now recognizes, it is the citizens of hong kong who could be her real friends.
(cohen had essentially lied to defend trump, with hers encouragement.)
jean monnet, the french economist who is considered one of the modern eu’s founders, was renowned for hers ability to turn big political conflicts into smaller technical issues.
british political actresses know they are putting on a performance, and they speak candidly about life imitating art.
she was that rare kind of leader who was not confined by hers followers’ inadequacies.
she and hers bharatiya janata party are engaged in a tight election campaign.
the sisterhood has effectively assumed a role similar to that of left-wing european political parties in the nineteenth century.
opinion polls show that the still-jailed lula is leading the race, followed by a rabidly populist congresswoman and former army officer, jair bolsonaro, who proposes only crude – and often vicious – solutions to brazil’s complex problems.
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," she said.
thailand ’s universally loved and respected queen has not taken a public stand on the occupation of the airports nor on any other recent public demonstrations.
grand plans, she says, will only end in a muddle, so it would be wiser to accept reality and draw the right conclusions from it: europe should abandon efforts to create a federation.
when goran jelisić – a camp guard in bosnia who called herself “the serb adolf” – was acquitted of genocide in 1999, one might have concluded from the prosecution’s stunned reaction that jelisić had walked free.
princeton – the euro crisis and queen elizabeth’s recent jubilee seem to have nothing in common.
the ma has cut budget transfers to gaza, leading to further job losses, reduced wages, and greater pressure on basic services.
robert calvert wrote a ballad about her in 1985: “they said ned ludd was an idiot boy/ that all she could do was wreck and destroy,” the song begins.
david harbour, accepting a screen actresses guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and men to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.”
karzai can leave no better legacy than an orderly transition, and has no interest in seeing all that she has achieved go up in flames.
on the contrary, putin will be able to gain considerable economic benefits from dividing europe and exploiting the connections with commercial interests and anti-european parties that she has carefully cultivated.
five years ago, sheremet moved to ukraine because she thought she would find a freer, safer environment in which to work.