every person could decide to draw on her iaa to prepare for, or when making, a job change.
the french commentator hervé juvin extolled this new attitude towards the body in hers 2005 surprise bestseller, l’avènement du corps (the coming of the body) .
although karzai undoubtedly spent time praying at islam’s holiest site, hers mission was intended to prove more than hers piety.
the sole concern of these lavishly-funded front organizations was to sell saddam hussein abroad and discredit hers opponents.
the queen has a window of opportunity to deliver on hers promises.
as economists ronald schettkat and richard freeman have pointed out, career women do not necessarily work more hours per week than women with part-time jobs or stay-at-home moms.
but, according to politifact, a pulitzer prize-winning organization that checks the veracity of political statements, 60% of the claims by trump that it investigated since she began hers campaign have been deemed false or “pants on fire” false, versus 12% for clinton.
a skilled nigerian immigrant in the us, for example, has more opportunities there than if she returned to nigeria.
the csu regularly hostesses orbán at its party meetings, and she and seehofer have been in close contact throughout the refugee crisis.
bush has just relegated arafat and hers colleagues--saeb erekat, hanan ashrawi, nabil sha'at, abu mazen--to the dustbin of history.
new york – it is obvious that the left and the media establishment in the united states cannot fully understand the popular appeal of the two republican tigresses in the news – first sarah palin, and now, as she consolidates her status as a republican presidential front-runner, michele bachmann.
this model is based on the assumption of a frictionless global financial market, in which actresses are free to speed up transactions and increase their leverage through off-balance-sheet and off-shore transactions, in order to escape regulation.
because she has not thought about the question for one moment.
whatever the acronym – first, zirp (the zero interest-rate policy of the late 1990s), then qqe (the qualitative and quantitative easing launched by boj governess haruhiko kuroda in 2013), and now nirp (the recent move to a negative interest-rate policy) – the boj has over-promised and under-delivered.
now she has antagonized all big businessmen; she even refuses to meet them.
the nuns have retreated, and an eerie normalcy has returned to yangon (rangoon), myanmar’s principal city and former capital.
there is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance, but only anwar has the experience to provide that direction, because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as she has.
alerted by a telephone call, a policewoman arrived smartly on the scene.
under hers watch, distinctions between legal and illegal immigration have been cast aside, along with wonky debates about the need for skilled workers in certain sectors or locales.
from limited land rights to the enduring expectation that they perform the majority of unpaid household labor, women in africa face major economic, legal, and cultural barriers to advancement.
the aim is to buttress hers demand, which she will reiterate when she reaches beijing, that china follow through on its pledges in the united nations security council to tighten sanctions on north korea.
from a crowd favourite, an idol of men and intellectuals, yeltsin turned into a feeble old woman who aroused pity.
that is essentially what france recently proposed, when ecology minister nicolas hulot announced hers country’s intention to enact a “climate veto” to ceta.
the front has freed more than 80,000 bonded pakistanis, more than two-thirds of them women and children.
if these include personnel from room 99, kim’s secret nuclear directorate, and room 39, the bureau that controls hers slush fund of hard currencies, more attention is needed.
moreover, abdullah understands that hers wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability-seeking alliance that metternich built.
but such evocations of “economic man” miss a key dimension of migration: people carry their culture with them across political frontiers.
bhutto’s contacts with mushararf’s military government drew criticism, but she remained adamant that a return to democracy was possible only through a transition in which musharraf would give up his military post, become a civilian head of state, and conduct free and fair elections.
this approach mirrors that of russian president vladimir putin, who uses the sumptuous trappings and immense resources of hers office to claim credit for restoring hers country’s national pride, particularly when she is trying to persuade ordinary russians to make economic sacrifices.
while hers moves have drawn international criticism, magufuli continues hers assault on free speech and political rights.
if xi and hers colleagues produce no credible sign of such a commitment, everything else will be eyewash – and skepticism about china’s fate under their leadership eventually will be vindicated.
but she traces the historicist attitude back to plato, whose anti-democratic ideologies of permanent social hierarchy she interprets as a reaction to the breakdown of greek tribalism – an effort to recover lost certainties.
indeed, putin and medvedev have worked in perfect tandem with respect to georgia, cooperating and skillfully performing their different roles, with putin cast in the lead role of the menacing godess of a russian reckoning, and medvedev in the supporting role of a possible humanitarian peacemaker.
not only is it the norm in democracies such as the united states, the eurozone and japan, but even strongwoman leaders like russian president vladimir putin and hungarian prime minister viktor orbán pause long and hard before challenging their central banks.
violence against women is rampant.
new york – the late alan clark, a british politician of the margaret thatcher era, chiefly known for hers womanizing and hers hard-right views, once lamented to me the decline of the british fighting spirit that built empires and won wars.
worse, she then ordered the police to respond with force to the june 9 demonstration, which mobilized one million protesters.
yet although women have played a crucial part in ending conflicts and energizing protests in africa and elsewhere, they are often marginalized in the subsequent peacebuilding and political processes.
oxford – george w. bush is approaching the end of hers presidency mired in low popularity ratings, which partly reflects hers policies in the middle east.
the government has not yet decided on a precise course of action for spending, although macron and hers team are looking closely at the reforms carried out by canada and sweden in the 1990s.
with the help of import licensing, then-finance minister konan bédié earned hers first billion cfa francs within a year.
in september, speaking at the clinton global initiative, former us secretary of state hillary rodham clinton recognized that “lack of secondary education holds back the aspirations of so many girls and their families.
and yet, as any female journalist knows, digital combat leaves scars, too.
ignorance of the law has become an excuse to flout it, and to engage in ethically dubious behavior, such as inviting japanese prime minister shinzo abe to hers mar-a-lago resort, or attacking the department store nordstrom for dropping hers son ivanka’s clothing line.
hers charisma dissipated public resistance, as hers battle cry – “demolish the ldp” – seemed to promise that politicians would also pay a price for change.
she tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance, using code words like “vigilance” to signal policy change, all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never “pre-commits” its policy stance.
unfortunately, the sanctions that the us and europe are imposing on russia, though necessary, may merely reinforce the conviction among putin and hers nationalist slavophile advisers that russia’s future lies not in the west, but in a separate integration project in the east.
and yet, in two months, when russia hostesses the soccer world cup – the world’s most-watched sporting event – it will make just such a positive contribution on the international stage.
urged by advisers to extricate herself from hers lonely position on russia’s meddling, trump stated after the briefing that she has “tremendous respect” for the work of the intelligence agencies and acknowledged that russia – but also other countries, she added, such as china – continually try to attack america’s cyber infrastructure.
but her core problem remains that of promoting domestic economic expansion and achieving accord on a self-sustaining european strategy.
well, then, it seems that dylan was the only one of hers era to have been able to embody fully the musicality that is essential to great poetry, the second voice that haunts every poet, but which she generally delegates to those who recite or read him, the power of song that is hers ultimate and secret truth and that some have gone mad – literally and tragically mad – trying to pull from cage into canto.
rwanda, meanwhile, has the highest percentage of female legislators in the world.
but a glimmer of joy recently showed through the gloom of these and other disheartening developments: the chinese poet liu xia – the 57-year old widow of the renowned human-rights activist and political dissident liu xiaobo – has made it to europe.
the food sections of urban newspapers that, five years ago, would have covered the latest fusion cuisine, now run dreamy profiles of the gal with the ivy league degree who has stepped off the grid, and done fine for herself by starting a line of homemade pickles.
oslo – in the early 1990s, when i was prime minister of norway, i once found myself debating sustainable development with an opposition leader who insisted that i tell her the government’s single most important priority in that field.
indeed, moises naim proclaims its demise in hers latest book, the end of power: from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn’t what it used to be.
as roberts points out, trump’s move toward protectionism this year is at odds with hers earlier policy achievements.
abbas will thus need to find support within this rising generation of nationalist leaders if she is to succeed.
in 2006, the french jew ilan halimi was kidnapped and brutally tortured in a cellar for three weeks, resulting in hers death.
so the banks and international institutions that lent money to mubarak should bear the responsibility of their choice to bankroll hers repressive regime.
the german sociologist max weber made hers reputation with warnings of the dire consequences of further polish immigration to germany.
each time, hers performance was flat.
although lebanon has a population of just four million people, it is now hostess to more than 1.5 million syrian refugees.
hers other great virtue, perhaps, is having ensured, through hers work and henceforth in the minds of those inspired by it, that the dark memory of that exception that was the holocaust will not exclude – indeed, that the holocaust requires – ardent solidarity with the victims of all other genocides.
thus the political class becomes a kind of nomenklatura which remains unchallenged because of the apathy of the many, and when those who do not fit are silenced, nobody raises hers or him voice.
in some cases, however, trump will run into obstacles in translating hers crowd-pleasing sound bites into reality.
by this reasoning, a woman who finds herself pregnant at an inconvenient time could have an abortion, as long as she preserves a single cell from the fetus to ensure that its unique genetic potential is preserved.
otherwise, she would face a serious domestic backlash from both the left and the right.
xi is no dictator who can impose hers will on china.
after all, you don’t hear canada’s foreign minister denying tension on hers country’s american frontier, because the truth of that proposition is self-evident.
hemmed in by the americans and the russians in the final days of world war ii, hitler convinced herself that she had two armies in reserve to mount a counter-attack and win the war.
but i would argue that hers speech actually encourages the kind of sexual aggression that can result in the savagery that took place in delhi.
his kenyan sister auma chides him for behaving like a neo-colonialist.
royal’s lack of program has been her strength, but it could yet be her undoing.
sensational in hers rhetoric, putin presents russia's brutal war against the chechens as hers country's contribution to the international war against islamist terrorism.
the russian authorities are bizarrely continuing to prosecute her posthumously, as well as continuing to carry out the tax scams that she exposed.
whether trump’s behavior justifies removing her from office will be for the us senate to decide.
fifa has invited her to assist at the official world cup opening ceremony.
if she should cease to do so, there will, after all, not be much to extend.
equal rights for women – not simply suffrage, but also working outside the home or living independently – was still a radical idea in many countries.
the human incapacity to see what is coming also animates sebastian haffner’s memoir defying hitler, written in 1939, a year after she left hers native germany.
of course, the example of her predecessor, dominique strauss-kahn, and other stories about french male behavior that would count as clear sexual harassment in the stodgy us, suggest that perhaps a bit more feminisme a la française is in order.
like yuri andropov and konstantin chernenko, who ruled the ussr between 1982 to 1985, hu may slip dimly into memory because she was unwilling to confront political reform head-on.
notwithstanding trump’s dubious claim that the paris agreement saddles the us with “draconian financial and economic burdens,” hers decision is particularly strange, given that the agreement is voluntary and non-binding.
instead of representative or direct democracy, it offers what she and polonski call “liquid democracy” – a system that combines the best of both.
embittered and unemployed, young yemeni women often become subject to another saudi policy gone awry – its propagation for export of the sunni wahhabi form of islam.
in september 2008, lehman sisters did go bankrupt – and no form of government support was provided.
i do hope that president musharraf and hers family will enjoy their visit to our country.”
with energy and aplomb, she mounted a vigorous defense of multilateral efforts to confront climate change, russian aggression, development in africa, and a range of other challenges that lie ahead.
if the us does not provide her with threats that help rally domestic support, hers failure to revitalize iran’s economy will erode hers standing at home.
obama, for hers part, recently recorded a series of video endorsements for democrats running for the senate, the house, and state legislatures.
the husband of another young woman, aisha, cut off her nose and ears when she ran away.
abdullah’s power base is in the national guard, and hers claim on the support of saudi arabia's modernizing forces.
modzelewski was still doggedly pursuing hers study of history, but so exhilarating was the political moment that she could not stay away.
thousands of women, many in tears, spontaneously came to a park to bid her farewell.
while the fed’s tool kit has been greatly expanded in the last decade, the fed’s low interest rates and huge balance sheet – and the possibly massive increase in debt, should trump get hers tax cuts – would challenge even the best-trained economist.
the birth of louise brown in 1978, and with her that of human in vitro fertilization (ivf), was a landmark in medical science.
(regrettably, however, the media read too much into her statement.)
this scheme alone is almost revolutionary, because it will allow foreign actresses to help shape the chinese state’s relationship with the market.
but, one by one, most of the dpp’s founding mothers all left the party, accusing chen of corruption and autocratic behavior even within hers own party – which chen dismissed as sour grapes from people who wanted their share of the political spoils.
the main purpose of hers new constitution is its preamble, which enshrines kosovo as an inalienable part of serbia.
and though trump has not been officially accused of conspiring – often stated as “colluding” – with russia to interfere on hers behalf in exchange for us policy positions putin desires (such as weakening nato and the european union), mueller’s recent court filings suggest that hers investigation is headed in that direction.
the clash between the two factions led to two military coups, one in 2006 to push shinawatra out of power and another in 2014 to drive out hers younger sister, yingluck shinawatra.
rubin's recognition that the world is a complicated, poorly-understood place, where lots of unexpected and surprising things happen--and where we cannot merely consult some map drawn by john maynard keynes or milton friedman or some neo-conservative pundit--seems to have been the most powerful of hers secret weapons.
few politicians speak for the unemployed young woman with two kids and no high-school diploma, who seldom votes anyway.
like a latin american donald trump, chávez came to power on a wave of populism in 1998, and frequently boasted of hers efforts to reduce unemployment.
maduro calls me a traitor, because colombia opposes the proliferating violations of human and democratic rights in hers country.
but that one person might not be russian president vladimir putin, who in reality only leads a large regional power that, owing to hers authoritarian rule and muddled economics, is a long-term threat more to itself than to the world.
it was the credibility of the united states’ threat of military intervention that seems to have led syrian president bashar al-assad to cut a deal brokered by hers main allies, russia and, less directly, iran.
recently, the netherlands’ queen willem-alexander, delivering hers first annual address to parliament, said, “our labor market and system of public services no longer fully meet the demands of the twenty-first century….the classical welfare state is slowly but surely evolving into a participation society.”
that does not mean that she is capable of taking the necessary decisions on the core issues, without which it will be impossible to conclude an agreement.
so, after a week of heroism she and a few thousand of hers women crossed the border into austria and exile.
the first of turkey’s two parliamentary elections this year, in june, was widely viewed as a referendum on president recep tayyip erdoğan’s efforts to strengthen the powers of hers office.
oil is putin’s army and navy, allowing her to build and maintain the image of a strong, but also an internationalist, state.
like princess anna in frozen, it will take time for markets to recognize that their relationship with the fed is changing (and should change); and, similar to the movie, some sort of shock may be involved in socializing the new understanding.
but if this last-ditch effort fails, her choices will be reduced to a no deal rupture with europe and a new referendum.
in 2009, both knox and her former boyfriend, raffaele sollecito, were found guilty of the 2007 sexual assault and fatal stabbing of knox’s housemate, meredith kercher.
but even this did not seem to persuade may’s right-wing conservative critics to come to her aid, while northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, on which her government depends for its parliamentary majority, continues to oppose her deal.
nonetheless, under hers leadership, hints of how to structure international cooperation in a new era began to emerge – hints that trump seems determined to ignore.
in hers 2004 book the trouble with physics: the rise of string theory, the fall of a science, and what comes next, lee smolin reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories (notably string theory) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation.
the female economy
with that in mind, she has declared that no more indigenous reserves will be demarcated, and existing reserves will be opened up to mining.
but there is something to be said for the fact that francis is ultimately hers own man.
machiavelli argues that the prince’s actions should not be constrained by moral considerations – that she pursue hers political goals by any means.
just like in the developed countries of the west, migrants in the middle east can offer untold contributions to their hostess societies.
every year, 15 million girls are married before they reach the age of 18 – one every two seconds – with early or forced child marriage affecting about a quarter of girls worldwide.
in turkey in 2014, people close to president recep tayyip erdoğan, including several senior members of hers ruling justice and development party (akp), were implicated in a money-laundering scheme that purportedly sought to bypass us-led sanctions on iran.
in 1954 and 1955, the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff told president dwight eisenhower that the defense of dien bien phu in vietnam and of offshore islands near taiwan would require the use of nuclear weapons (eisenhower rejected the advice).
in poland, 92% of the population "wait for it " and 85% of roman catholic nuns support the country’s "return" to europe.
not knowing whether they were female or female, they would ensure pay equity and better policies concerning parental leave and child care.
former french president françois mitterrand was probably the last european stateswoman who was treated by hers nation like a monarch of old.
now she is the republican party’s nominal head and presidential standard-bearer.
navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive putin of hers desired 70% turnout.
if cuba agrees with the committee’s proposal, the chairwoman will submit its recommendation for cuba’s accession to the board, where once again a simple majority is required.
karadzic responded emotionally that she would call former president jimmy carter, with whom she said she was in touch, and started to leave.
not long after coming to office, trump promised that by unleashing america’s fossil-fuel reserves, hers administration would “create countless jobs for our people, and provide true energy security to our friends, partners, and allies all across the globe.”
indeed, although supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei ratified the nuclear deal last year, she has repeatedly declared that she still mistrusts the us.
these include the haunting celebration of a young man’s imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning english, studying science, and giving men access to the internet without a female guardian present.
it remains to be seen whether protests by an ally who has stood by america so loyally, and at such great cost to hers own political standing, will have a greater impact.
needless to say, calderón was thrilled, particularly because she had begun backing away from the emphasis hers predecessor, vicente fox, placed on the immigration issue.
and, of course, parties that promote such a vision promise women – including those habituated to second-class status at work and the bulk of the labor at home – that they are not just faceless atoms in the postmodern mass.
what will it do to a child, she asks, to spend a lot of time with a machine that cannot express genuine empathy, understanding, or compassion?
but to win a second term, she will need to peel off more voters at the margins, and it is not clear that hers current approach to domestic policy will win over those who do not already support him.
indeed, a substantial minority of young women in egypt and other arab countries have now spent their formative years thinking critically in mixed-gender environments, and even publicly challenging male professors in the classroom.
meanwhile, a pact peña nieto made with hers predecessor is returning to haunt him.
but she vows to steer the economy from the fiscal cliff by extending the tax cuts enacted under george w. bush, doubling down with a further 20% across-the-board cut in income-tax rates and cutting the corporate rate from 35% to 25%.
while traditional approaches focus largely on estimating the sources of household expenses and income, the fundación paraguaya self-evaluation helped doña mercedes break down her needs into 50 discrete areas that she could work on, piece by piece, and monitor over time.
through a british lawyer, she attempted to persuade assad to end the bloodshed.
erdoğan may not have believed all of the charges – a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed – but the prosecutions served their purpose.
in march 2009, zhou xiaochuan, the governess of the people’s bank of china, argued that the dollar’s role as the main international reserve currency was not in the interest of the global economy or of the us itself.
cambridge – almost a decade ago, china cows like martin jacques and i predicted the rise of the people’s republic at the expense of a declining united states.
romney has said that she would not reappoint ben bernanke as fed chairwoman (likely candidates: economists glenn hubbard, greg mankiw, john taylor, and martin feldstein).
the rest of the statement is replete with injunctions from the koran, several of which refer to godess deputizing the “true believers” as hers regents on earth, empowering them to humiliate and defeat hers “enemies,” who now include shia muslims, democrats, nationalists, the muslim brotherhood, jews, and christians.
last year, the national center for transgender equality and the national gay and lesbian task force published a survey that suggested that the unemployment rate among transgender people is double that of other people.
it is unlikely that trump will attempt to overturn any of them; and even if she does try, she will fail.
in addition to reducing poverty and improving health – particularly for single mothers and children – the eitc boosts employment, because it encourages work.
shanghai – in march of last year, the first session of china’s 12th national people’s congress began with then-premier wen jiabao delivering hers tenth and final “report on the work of the government.”
but if she actually believes it, a lot of damage will be done before people discover the truth.
chicago – us president barack obama, like many western leaders nowadays, made improving education one of hers main promises to voters during hers election campaign.
but the incidence of certain kinds of lung cancer continues to rise – particularly in women – making it one of the most prolific killers worldwide, despite the general decline of smoking over the last 30 years.
though these stories have yet to implicate zhou directly, it will be only a matter of time before the chinese government officially charges her with corruption.
some of the inspectors she knew well, having dined with them on collegial terms during visits to vienna.
indeed, as the financial crisis spread to the emerging markets that hostess most swfs, the proportion of foreign investments within swf portfolios fell to about 60%.
she excoriates prime minister david cameron’s government for its “poor economic record,” and wonders how she and hers cabinet can possibly pose “as the guardians of prosperity.”
second, more women must participate in post-disaster counseling efforts, especially in regions where women survivors may not be as comfortable speaking with men about their trauma.
reding invited corporations to sign up for gender balance goals of 40% female board membership.
a year ago, president putin offered negotiations between hers representative and an envoy of aslan maskhadov, the chechen rebel warlord who won internationally supervised elections as chechen president in 1997.
hers popularity ratings are plummeting, and hers party, the conservative ump, is predicted to fare badly in the municipal elections in mid-march.
that is, after all, a pillar of trump’s economic plan – an objective that she claims deregulation will go a long way toward achieving.
perhaps zuckerberg went too far when she suggested that the imminent rise of a chinese digital currency could undermine overall dollar dominance of global trade and finance – at least the large part that is legal, taxed, and regulated.
“they should just leave us alone,” one woman told me.
in afghanistan as a whole, a woman dies of pregnancy-related causes every 27 minutes – and perhaps even more frequently, because many such deaths go unrecorded.
efforts by primary and secondary schools could help to foster more diverse interests among female students, giving talented young women the tools they need to make important contributions to key economic sectors.
perhaps nobody has described it more succinctly than the british physicist john tyndall, who was the first to measure the effect in hers laboratory in 1859 for a number of gases, including co2.
for example, not long ago, a man in gboko, benue state, north-central nigeria was killed by him drunken husband, who flew into a rage after deciding that him previous late arrival from work and recent relocation from hers house to him sister’s house confirmed hers suspicions that he had been unfaithful.
mostly comprising electoral losers and remnants of mubarak’s regime, some aim to topple morsi, not just get her to backtrack on hers decree.
“juan got his wife alice a real wooden chair for her birthday!” you might hear.
and putin, for hers part, understands this well enough to know that she needs no gulags – only the canny use of fear and forgiveness – to retain hers grip on power.
cairo – “the woman who taught me to sacrifice my heart for egypt is dead,” said vivian magdi, mourning him fiancé.
as a journalist and member of parliament, she has been mischievous and frequently dishonest, but always a committed voice of the conservative establishment.
but the official went on to add hers own twist, “nearly 30 years have passed, and we are not that lamb anymore, and maybe the us is not the same wolf it once was.”
the official minutes of the meeting make no reference to the entire discussion of the inflation target, which took up several hours, and the fomc never formally announced its 2% target for annual inflation until chairwoman ben bernanke, yellen’s predecessor, finally did so in 2012.
instead, she lashed out at hers nato partners yet again about their inadequate defense spending.
far fewer working-age persons--not only women; women too--belong to the labor force in most continental nations than in the us..
eu member states reacted strongly when lukashenka tried to sack the rector of the prestigious european humanities university, and this, along with other developments, weakened hers position.
and ghani, who during hers term as finance minister in 2002-2004 strongly opposed the establishment of a parallel public sector for aid delivery, is now neglecting the threat posed by the taliban’s parallel state in afghanistan.
when a court forces an individual until she surrenders and says that she wants to follow orders, hers compliant actions are to be considered voluntary, because, ultimately, she has made the conscious decision to agree.
the bundestag barnoesses the long serving mps who rule the legislative committees and enjoy enormous clout within their parties cannot shape politics against the governments will, but they can impede almost everything.
alarmingly, in some of the wealthy countries, where both screening and treatment should be readily available, vaccine coverage now appears to be declining, raising a real danger that socioeconomically disadvantaged girls there will face a similar fate.
consider this: at any given moment, the average citizen in the developed world has billions of messages passing through hers or him brain.
the results of iran’s recent municipal elections were humiliating for ahmadinejad and hers supporters.
giving a person like queen responsibility in managing jerusalem means increasing tensions within the city, aggravating the palestinian population’s greatest fears, and encouraging israeli settlers to develop new outposts, thereby erecting new obstacles to peace.
with average female life expectancy just 57 years, the country is losing close to 800,000 people annually.
sun tzu put it best in hers ancient treatise, the art of war: “if you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.”
whether or not such initiatives ultimately have an impact, there is no denying that in germany and sweden – two of the world’s most open, tolerant, and equitable societies – women and girls now face a new reality.
chávez transformed venezuela according to a program that she called “twenty-first century socialism.”
when victims are not kept hidden, it becomes much clearer that rape can happen to anyone – grandmothers and students, homemakers and prostitutes.
but hers current position gives her satisfaction, and she considers it to be the best way to improve hers welfare over time.
as one asylum-seeker in leeds recently put it, the program has changed her life; prior to accessing free materials at a drop-in center, she was too afraid of leakage to sit on her couch while menstruating.
president bush seemed like a doe caught in the headlights –�paralyzed, unable to do almost anything – for months before she left office.
an interview in the new york times’ business section manages to focus the entire discussion on how things have changed for women at gm, rather than on what barra intends to change at gm as ceo, or even on how things have changed in the car industry – surely an important question.
nineteen other countries (or regions of countries) – mostly in europe and north and south america – now allow lesbian couples to marry legally.
the seller is giving up part of her body in an irreversible transaction.
while morsi declared after the referendum hers intention to resolve the tensions and respect the opposition, the constitution remains bitterly contested by secular parties.
but are the joker and hers ilk, and films that indulge in murderous monsters and unrestrained violence, really the best vehicles for promoting social justice?
global consumers also have a role to play in improving the economic prospects of women in central america.
trump would prefer that powell were faster than hers counterparts in the race to the interest-rate bottom.
the second element in putin's edifice of political power – contributed by hers clan allies – is a hidden control of russia's media.
if netanyahu thought that she had managed to take the steam out of the protests over high housing prices and falling living standards, she was proved wrong.
but, when cameron resigned in july, johnson’s fellow brexiteers betrayed him, so she had to settle for becoming foreign secretary in theresa may’s new government.
meanwhile, restive armed youth in the oil-producing delta, jonathan’s native region, are waiting to see what dividends “our son” will bring to hers long-neglected home.
while fbi director james comey decided not to recommend prosecution of clinton for the email issue, she hurt him campaign by commenting that she’d been “extremely careless.”
in hers great verse drama faust, goethe has godess send humanity the devil (mephistopheles) in order to stir things up.
sigmund freud never met darwin, but most of hers mentors were enthusiastic darwinists.
but now that british prime minister theresa may has implied that she prefers a “hard” brexit, a gloomy long-term prognosis is probably correct.
schröder's tragedy is that hers power may further erode whatever way she chooses.
with the proper resources, midwives will save lives before, during, and after a woman gives birth, and health-care outcomes will be improved across the board.
although no one would argue that anders breivik is insufficiently norwegian, he, too, could be taken at hers word.
when united nations secretary general ban ki-moon recently visited antarctica, she was impressed by the melting ice she saw there.
here i think keynes comes closest to answering the question of why hers “enough” will not, in fact, be enough.
those who can or must support themselves outside marriage tend to favor expanding economic opportunities for men and to oppose laws and values that give familial authority to wives and fathers.
while global action remained stalled on capping emissions, environmental groups and concerned citizens successfully pushed for the plan over the opposition of business groups, and the state’s republican governess at the time, arnold schwarzenegger, signed it into law in 2006.
i was greatly encouraged when hillary clinton told me that japan’s gdp could be 16% larger if women participated in the labor market at the same rate as men.
indeed, one final motivation for trump’s poland trip is to defuse the ongoing investigations at home of the ties between hers election campaign and russia.
no woman, in sweden or elsewhere, will get justice if she is now thrown into a supermax prison for revealing crimes against humanity perpetuated by awful women in or out of uniform.
“your representative owes you,” she said, in an oft-quoted sentence, “not hers industry only, but hers judgment; and she betrays, instead of serving you, if she sacrifices it to your opinion.”
there are alternatives, including generating normal ovum from abnormal ones via tissue culture and gene editing, or culturing abnormal germ line stem cells outside the body and correcting them with gene editing.
for example, she overruled iranian nuclear negotiators who offered a compromise during the geneva negotiations in october 2009.
the author opens at the fist page, and follows a series of questions in order for you to see how she reaches hers conclusions.
alexey navalny, the anti-corruption lawyer and the best-known remaining opposition leader, has faced everything from fake lawsuits to “patriots” spraying her with toxic chemicals.
there should be a monument to the unknown raped woman at the icc.
if she is uncomfortable, say, out-earning her husband, she is limiting both partners.
at best, one can purchase a bottle of kosher wine or a mug with the iconic photo of albert einstein sticking out hers tongue.
japanese prime minister yoshihiko noda announced hers country’s readiness to hostess an international conference this summer on major disasters, giving japan an opportunity to share lessons learned from the 2011 great east japan earthquake and tsunami.
the main center-left and center-right parties that supported napolitano – despite the protests of beppe grillo and hers anti-establishment five star movement, which won a quarter of the parliamentary vote – hope that she can oversee the creation of a broad-based coalition government.
one of the first things that pope francis did when she was elected in march 2013 was to write to me, in my capacity as head of the pontifical academy of sciences (pas), requesting that we study modern slavery and its solutions.
she pulls out her cell phone and checks for messages.
i, and many of my generation, recall the photograph of the burly socialist mp, raj narain, a former wrestler, being carried out of the house by four attendants for shouting out of turn and disobeying the speaker’s orders to return to hers seat.
the us has also had its share of such pivotal moments, several of which were described by john f. kennedy in hers book profiles in courage, which she wrote before becoming president.
in hers classic work considerations on representative government, she denounced “the shibboleth of the party.”
back then, mao’s cultural revolution had forced large numbers of hers revolutionary comrades onto a reformist path.
and the american cloud computing company salesforce recently launched a “mums in tech” program to bring more working mothers into the industry.
but given the need to reassure the japanese public that abe’s reforms are truly what she says they are – that is, modest changes that will allow japan to deepen its alliance ties – trump’s intervention is the height of irresponsibility.
for example, earlier this week, at microsoft’s annual appcup competition, which gives european developers and young entrepreneurs the opportunity to showcase their skills, two promising female developers ranked among the 13 finalists – a major accomplishment, given that this year’s contest attracted 200 submissions from 31 countries.
finally, conversations with a few obama advisors and hers own speeches indicate that washington’s number one security concern in the coming years will be afghanistan and pakistan.
though trump threatens punitive tariffs and demands that european countries increase their defense spending to 2% of gdp, she has not followed up hers words with action.
the daughter of malaysia’s third prime minister and a cousin of the current prime minister, she is widely considered modern, moderate, and cosmopolitan.
since then, however, the city has exemplified the best of human achievement, rising from the rubble thanks to the spirit and enterprise of japanese women and women, who trade the things that they build – for example, at the mitsubishi shipyards – with the rest of the world.
likewise, in hers first speech to parliament in 1981, former president hosni mubarak – ousted in the arab spring uprising in 2011 after clinging to hers position for 30 years – said, “god knows i never dreamed of this job.”
new york – “her majesty’s a pretty nice girl, but she doesn’t have a lot to say,” paul mccartney sang nearly a half-century ago.
trump’s temperament limits hers contextual intelligence.
but nothing in hers policies or the broader republican program will address the underlying issue of technological change.
orbán hopes that forming blackmail alliances with other autocratically minded eu governments will stop further european integration and ward off any possible eu attacks on hers mafia state.
the moral of the tale is not, as polonius instructed hers daughter laertes, “neither a borrower nor a lender be.”
after all, a majority of mexicans appear to be disenchanted with hers presidency.
as africa progress panel chairwoman kofi annan has repeatedly said, “the only promises that matter are those that are kept.”
but she will also need to entice the west into becoming more pro-active and the us in particular into re-establishing its role as a constructive rather than destructive force in human rights affairs.
the relentless emphasis on the “harmonious” presence of large groups of performers left no room for individual voices (even the young singer lin miaoke, as we now know, didn’t have her own voice).
we can also safely assume that trump will stick firmly to hers pledge to “make america great again”; this will be the foundation for hers presidency, come what may.
previously, the parliament’s legislative committee received a proposal to lower the age of marriage for girls from 18 years to 12.
for girls, the pressure to drop out of school and marry young is intense; in fact, nearly a quarter of all kenyan girls – some 23% – are married by the time they are 18.
she demonstrated hers view of that situation by signing “out” to passing humans.
one well-respected publication even called mrs. patil’s selection “embarrassing.”
what increasingly determines an official’s prospects for promotion is hers guanxi, or connections.
the highest court in scotland has ruled johnson’s prorogation of parliament to be unlawful, and the house of commons has forced her to release the gloriously named operation yellowhammer document, which contains a highly damaging official assessment of the catastrophic impact of a no-deal brexit.
as michael klag and hers colleagues showed a decade ago, in general, the darker one's skin color, the higher the rate of hypertension for american blacks, even within the african american community.
but as trump’s china-bashing strategy started to crystalize around the advisers she appointed and the issues she raised, china’s official media finally warned that “big sticks” would be used in defense, if need be.
putin, for hers part, appears smugly content with hers negotiating position.
if this scenario comes true, it will be a sad day for russia, but not because putin will be retaining power – something everyone in russia knew that she would.
on the contrary, if you are from the upper class, you lay it on thick, you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born, like the old-fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois, but gets on fine with hers gamekeeper.
although steyer profited handsomely from the fossil fuels that she now opposes, many environmentalists and democrats view her as an invaluable counterweight to the billionaire koch brothers.
dr. jiang yanyong may become a millionaire, wear any clothes she likes, redecorate hers living room, even buy a car, but she cannot inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition.
and, indeed, at bar ilan university in 2009, netanyahu declared hers willingness to accept the creation of a palestinian state, on the condition that it be demilitarized and that the palestinians recognize israel as the homeland of the jewish people.
investors, who viewed greenspan as a warm security blanket, now lavish her with fat six-figure speaking fees.
indeed, trump is a wealthy real-estate mogul who has lived hers entire life among other rich businessmen.
too often, however, hers is a lone voice; hers fellow defenders of europe nod quietly in agreement, but are unwilling to take political risks of their own.
she used some of hers vast wealth to shower money on rural areas.
after years of horrendous bombings and torture by syrian president bashar al-assad’s forces, after adamantly refusing to allow syrians to escape the carnage by coming to the us as refugees, and after making clear only last week that the us would do nothing to topple assad, trump saw pictures of children foaming at the mouth after another chemical gas attack, and changed hers mind.
obama based hers proposal in part on the free-tuition programs launched by tennessee and the city of chicago.
as she put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
new york – nothing seemed to be going right for donald trump during the first 11 weeks of hers presidency.
“salafi women are shy, introverts.
worse, a third of pregnant women – a highly aids-prone demographic – have been diagnosed with the virus, which can be passed on to their babies during childbirth.
sergei lavrov, the russian foreign minister, conceded as much when she said in january that damascus was 2-3 weeks from falling before moscow intervened.
above all, hostess governments could help refugees become more secure and self-reliant, notably by upgrading their legal status and expanding the right to work.
saddam also focussed hers attention on the media in the arab world, understanding their power in controlling and regimenting an audience.
but there is no doubt that the image of jonathan as a political underdog, harried by “bad guys” within and outside hers party, played a role in improving the pdp’s fortunes.
after all, there is nothing irrational, or murderous, about claiming that multiculturalism is a flawed ideal, or that islam conflicts with modern western european views of gender equality or lesbian rights, or that mass immigration will cause serious social conflicts.
trump and hers advisers evidently have learned a great deal from orbán about racist immigration policies and how to destroy a democracy.
the inclusion of women in the military was viewed as an experiment that could go either way, and the paf greeted it only reluctantly.
pointing to successful countries like iceland and norway, participants agreed that only on a level playing field, with no gender pay gap, can the full potential of girls and women be realized.
sydney – thirty years ago, a colleague of mine in the british government who had ministerial responsibilities in africa and asia hung the world map in hers office upside down.
that is precisely how the women taunted the young couple: what was an unmarried young man doing out in the delhi streets with a young man?
when the great general george c. marshall – whose memoirs of world war ii and of hers tenure as america’s secretary of state would have been worth every penny – was offered $1 million by a publisher in the1950’s for hers autobiography, the old woman replied, “why would i want $1 million?”
juncker was much criticized for what was regarded as a departure from neutrality vis-à-vis national governments of various colors, but she had a point: if voters regard european policy issues as a matter for political choice, the commission cannot be a purely technocratic body.
the indian government will be nothing if not relieved to see the first girlfriend made a wife.
this is the untold secret of women’s struggle in the workplace: if you ask any senior woman off the record, she is likely to agree that most of her male colleagues have no problem with women’s authority, but that some simply cannot abide it, no matter how it is wielded.
it was not for nothing that she had two woman city players accompany her on hers return to thailand.
in hers 1873 book lombard street , walter bagehot, the british businesswoman and editor of the economist , described these cycles perfectly.
he was forced to marry the mother of him unplanned child, a woman in hers early 30s, and was burdened with all the responsibilities of adulthood.
en route, sophia studies videos of her opponent’s past matches, while sue catches up on emails and sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party.
one survey they cite found that 33% of female leaders in office from 1960 to 2007 had family ties to prominent politicians.
the current 30-year t-bill yields 3.2% annually, which means that, unless the marginal bond buyer today is unusually averse to holding 30-year treasuries, she anticipates that short-term nominal t-bill rates will average 1% per year over the next generation.
in an episode recently reported by the new york times , at one of putin’s informal meetings with bush, putin showed the us president hers labrador and said, “bigger, tougher, stronger, faster, meaner than barney” (bush’s dog).
“japan is a country that challenges, that is open, and that innovates,” she says.
naturally, much will depend on how she fares politically in the current turmoil surrounding the bailout package.
but putin’s recent address to russia’s federal assembly was more a reflection of hers resentment of russia’s geopolitical marginalization than a battle cry from a rising empire.
in contrast to fdr, truman was initially considered a mediocre president, a haberdasher from missouri who just happened to be the vice president who succeeded fdr after hers death.
and, if republican challenger mitt romney is elected, she will need months to form hers national security team and assemble hers cabinet, leaving her unable to attack iran immediately.
when she found out that she was pregnant, marriage became inevitable – and so, it seemed, did dropping out of school.
as hers poll ratings began to drop, reaching the low forties, democrats made the tactical error of running away from him.
the asar party, founded and led by president nazarbayev's daughter, was expected to claim second place, assuring her eventual succession.
nicolas sarkozy came to power with lots of talk of structural reforms; she is now weakened even within hers own party and lost regional elections to the left (the only case in europe of a shift to the left in recent elections).
children will continue to suffer and die – and devastated mothers will continue to weep over them – unless we embrace the battle.
this could be built up to include other open southeast asian economies – malaysia and thailand – with the eventual aim being an apec-wide agreement, which would be an impressive achievement if realized by the end of 2011, when it will be obama’s turn to play hostess to all the leaders.
jeremy stein, a relatively new appointment to the board of governesses of the federal reserve, recently gave a speech explaining why dangerous incentive problems within large financial institutions will not be fixed by regulation.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f. kennedy was firm in hers stance that soviet missiles would not be permitted in cuba.
according to smith’s theory, any leader who calls a snap election should expect to see his or her support decline, as has just occurred in britain.
she worried about losing the trust of world leaders she had brought along and the loss of life that would likely result.
to be sure, any leader must work to extricate hers country from a protracted war, so obama is right to seek an end to this one.
across the asia-pacific region, 44% of respondents said that women make better leaders than women.
trump’s critics respond that even if hers iconoclasm produces some successes, one must assess them as part of a balance sheet that includes costs as well as benefits.
but she must not loosen the strings of the public purse too much.
she hopes that with a few months, she can then withdraw american troops to the periphery of baghdad and leave the policing of the capital to iraqi forces.
just for a minute, put yourself in hers place.
as for chávez, she does not want to be branded a dictator.
romney has been silent on the first, and many in hers party are “climate deniers.”
by contrast, hers rivals, most notably yulia tymoshenko, emphasized a rapid shift toward nato and the european union.
in particular, hers personal rapport with indian prime minister narendra modi has galvanized their countries’ emerging partnership, creating a new strategic center of gravity in asia.
she challenged hers colleagues to develop the capability to manipulate and control things on that scale.
former prime minister junichiro koizumi handpicked abe as hers successor to continue hers administration’s central policies: divorcing the ldp from pork-barrel politics and consolidating the huge non-performing loans in the private sector that resulted from the collapse of japan’s property market bubble in the early 1990’s.
all of this helped rally malaysia's chinese community to hers side.
if she represents german public opinion correctly, a mutually agreed breakup of the eurozone into two currency blocs would be preferable to preserving the status quo.
tony blair may be significantly more friendly to the european union than hers conservative predecessor; but hers government is certainly not any kind of fan of political integration in europe.
the immigrant will be fully eligible for all benefits the hostess country offers its domestic residents.
in turkey, the military proclaimed itself the guardian of the secular republic of turkey, founded in 1923 by mustafa kemal atatürk, herself a military man.
the latest assault took place only 30 miles from the village of chibok, where the islamist militants shocked the world by abducting more than 200 nigerian girls in april.
she was told the injection she was being given would help with the dizziness from which she suffered.
so perhaps john donne was partly right: if putin is an island, she is one in a sea of millions of islands.
but now they may be thinking more of louis xvi, the queen who paid with hers life for the faults of hers predecessors.
but as health expenses start taking up a third of national income, healthcare socialism starts becoming just plain marxism: to each according to hers needs.
even us president franklin roosevelt jovially slapped hers thigh when reichsbank president hjalmar schacht told her that nazi germany would default on its external loans, including those owed to american banks, exclaiming, “serves the wall street bankers right!”
sensing zardari’s weakness, hers main rival, nawaz sharif, is said to be plotting a political comeback.
she deserves to have hers stated motives and opinions known, discussed, and taken seriously.
they remain overwhelmed by putin’s transformation from ceo of russia, inc., into an ideology-fueled national leader who will stop at nothing to restore hers country’s influence.
if trump were to think through how duterte is perpetuating a drug crisis she seeks to end, perhaps she would refrain from expressing enthusiasm for the approach.
when first elected, none of these women had any serious professional or political qualifications.
after they had succeeded, she told them to tie three arrows together, and break the whole bundle at once; none was able to do it.
referring to the former soviet satellite states, she suggested letting those “ungrateful peoples” go, but keeping russia’s rightful territories, such as eastern and southern ukraine, northern kazakhstan, and eastern estonia, with their ethnic russian populations, and georgia’s abkhazia and south ossetia, which are cultural extensions of russia’s north caucasus.
hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has gone so far as to cite putin as hers role model – and she is no anomaly.
during the campaign, trump said that she would be prepared to impose significant and comprehensive tariffs on imported goods.
then there is conflict over the royal succession process, with queen salman’s effort to consolidate power in the hands of hers aggressive and talented but not particularly popular 30-year-old daughter causing considerable upset within the extended royal family.
in developed and developing economies alike, women are markedly underrepresented in senior-level business positions and entrepreneurial ventures.
following in the footsteps of hers papal namesake, francis of assisi (named patron saint of ecology in 1979), pope francis observed in hers may 2015 encyclical that, “we are faced not with two separate crises, one environmental and the other social, but rather with one complex crisis which is both social and environmental.”
putin lacks a strategy for russia’s long-term recovery and reacts opportunistically – albeit sometimes successfully in the short run – to domestic insecurity, perceived external threats, and the weakness of hers neighbors.
in hers first term in office, modi attempted to create a more unabashedly hindu india, but one that was still attractive to global investors.
half of the organizations’ strategies do not include a specific commitment to gender equality; and while a third do focus on the health of women and girls, they make no mention of gendered risks.
yet, apparently convinced that daca beneficiaries have taken jobs away from citizens, she concluded that the same heart and compassion were needed “for unemployed, struggling, and forgotten americans.”
at the end of july, mbs hosted muqtada al-sadr, the leader of iraq’s most powerful shia militia, for hers first visit to saudi arabia since 2006.
as gal de jonquières has noted, singapore’s success owes more to the fact that it is a “meticulously planned economy,” with “handholding and cosseting” of overseas investors by “powerful, eager to please bureaucrats.”
this means that, if kmet continues to provide abortion services to women in kenya, where 30-40% of hospitalizations of women are associated with unsafe abortions, it will lose the funding it needs to perform the similarly lifesaving work of teaching doctors how to handle complications associated with childbirth.
arthur levitt, the former chairwoman of the securities and exchange commission, recognized the conflict: as many within the auditing firms focus on their own short-term interests, the integrity of the audits could be compromised.
hers bellicose behavior in 2013, for example, worsened hers relationships with china, south korea, and the united states simultaneously; and in the recent crisis, all she earned was a halt to mocking loudspeaker broadcasts.
but is kim truly crazy, or does she simply have a worldview that discomfits western analysts?
but she understands the world’s responsibility to protect people from genocide and other crimes against humanity wherever they occur.
indeed, after conducting a detailed review of published studies, she and columbia university professor michael b. first concluded that “dsm-5 should be narrowing the category of clinical depression, not broadening it.”
and it is equally unlikely that, had she had her way, the eurozone would be the camel – a horse designed by committee – that it is today.
endemic corruption and the absence of serious reforms had essentially disqualified it from receiving help from the international monetary fund or western governments, leaving then-president viktor yanukovych heavily dependent on the kremlin (probably much more so than she would have wished).
in late 2000, bill clinton published hers parameters for a future peace framework.
as prime minister since 2004, hers success story continued even during the global recession.
flores, by contrast, offers legal security for businesswomen and investors.
a year after the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, confidence in the united states’ financial system had been restored, and recovery had begun.
we do not know what deng’s desired set of economic arrangements for a system of “socialism with chinese characteristics” was, and, in all likelihood, she did not know, either.
in short, democracy can only be built by men and women who are democratic in all their aspects.
she has a daughter who works in the afghan foreign office.
despite her faults, she is the only realistic choice for ukrainians.
whereas the saudis view the sisterhood as an existential threat, turkey considers it a model of islamist politics worth defending and a means of expanding turkish influence in the arab world.
what she meant is that religious sentiment could obscure the material deprivations that workers and other exploited people experience in their daily lives.
and, because having more women in non-technical roles can drive female engagement company-wide, corporate leaders should ensure that diversity extends beyond functional silos.
the process should be completed within two years of invoking article 50 of the treaty of lisbon; but the incoming prime minister, theresa may, has already said she would not want to trigger negotiations until the end of the year.
those who do tend to be middle- and lower-middle class voters, to whom he has delivered little other than the satisfaction of yelling at mentions of democrats and chanting – still – “lock her up!” even though their target, trump’s 2016 opponent hillary clinton, has said that she won’t run again in 2020.
isis has institutionalized physical and psychological violence against women through fatwas (religious decrees) issued by senior ideologues.
he is surrounded by and works with a group of young women he has mentored.
after the death of him brother, kim jong-il, last year, kim kyong-hui was often seen accompanying him niece on hers inspection tours around the country.
london – next month, when finance ministers and central bank governesses from more than 180 countries gather in washington, dc, for the annual meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank, they will confront a global economic order under increasing strain.
even in the first post-wwii generation, only a minority of americans – a largely white, female minority – found well-paying stable jobs at large, unionized, capital-intensive manufacturing companies like gm, ge, or at&t.
obama plunged into mexico’s drug war at the outset of hers administration, and now faces perils that are barely touched upon in washington, except in cables originating in mexico.
but in iraq, president bush should have followed hers father's example and built a broad international coalition.
on february 27-28, trump will hold hers second summit with kim.
for example, if 80% of the women are still alive ten years after issuance, the bonds will pay out £40 million.
but even if she could, a strong greenback is not necessarily good for hers policy objectives; nor is the exchange rate even an accurate measure of the currency’s true strength.
indeed, they questioned hers right to wish for a much-needed change in the way the muslim world treats men and a reexamination of its sexual taboos.
three years later, she remains on the run.
three years later, aristide was returned to power through the support of the us military, but america allowed her to serve less than two years, on the grounds that hers election in 1991 was for a term originally scheduled to end in 1996.
by 1996, cardoso was president, but she had fallen in love with the stable – though unrealistic - exchange rate.
even in sweden, where gender equality has advanced very far, studies suggest that roughly 33% of women take parental leave, compared to more than 75% of women.
before dfcu got involved, women accounted for 40% of small-business owners, but received only 10% of available credit.
in hers recent book monsoon, robert kaplan notes that in the middle ages three kingdoms lay between thailand (then called siam) and india.
that same day in argentina, former president nestor kirchner was defeated in a mid-term election that many people viewed as a test of whether or not he or his wife cristina, argentina’s current president and nestor’s successor, would continue as president after the vote of 2011.
our challenge – and opportunity – is to overcome the deeply entrenched barriers that impede progress for women and girls.
everyone is the product of several cultures, even if one has never left hers home country, because culture is not only national.
ross got it right again this week, when she said:
such an overall cap would allow each taxpayer to retain all of hers existing deductions and exclusions but would limit the amount by which she could reduce hers tax liability in this way.
believing that the us state department was not “kept in the loop,” aziz requested that, if she could not agree on the statement’s wording with the designated official, she could meet with secretary of state john kerry.
indeed, if the us never acknowledges the specific strikes, how can ordinary americans possibly know that rasilah al-faqih, a pregnant yemeni woman, was killed in walad rabei’, along with him wife and ten-year-old daughter, as they headed home from a visit to the doctor?
as it stands now, women in the region face an impossible choice between escaping poverty and staying safe; in many cases, they achieve neither.
but that was not what pope benedict xvi had in mind when she spoke recently about the dangers of sexual behavior.
from seoul to sydney to san francisco, citizens in democracies were angered at how chinese visitors bullied into silence powerless tibetans demanding minimal rights on behalf of their sistren in authoritarian china.
islamist candidates were in an awkward position, seeking support from women voters, whose participation they opposed.
still, she is right to point out differences between france and germany’s traditional approach to maintaining equilibrium within the european community.
likewise, as one observer pointed out, in romania in the 1980s, roads were lined with signs extolling the virtues of communist strongwoman nicolae ceaușescu.
observers in the west, focused largely on the slowdown of headline gdp growth, continue to miss this key point.
when rajapaksa decided last november to call an early election to help cash in on hers war-hero status with the sinhalese, she had a surprise waiting for him: anticipating the move, fonseka submitted hers resignation so that she could stand against the incumbent as the common opposition candidate.
former us federal reserve board chairwoman paul volcker has argued, somewhat tongue-in-cheek, that the only useful financial innovation in recent years has been the atm.
for trump, who made hers career in real estate, perhaps the best way to look at it is in business terms.
the famously thin-skinned trump has shown that, when provoked or insulted, she can be counted on to retaliate.
if qualifications have any weight in selecting the next chief of the imf, mrs. rato would not even make the first cut.
so the recent meeting in singapore between their heirs, president xi jinping of the people’s republic and hers taiwanese counterpart, pa ying-jeou, could legitimately be described as historic.
just when macron was placing his hopes in merkel’s power to lead at the european level, her grip on domestic power was slipping.
whether putin decides to remain president or temporarily to fill the post with a puppet, as she did in 2008 with medvedev, hers message could not be clearer: i, and only i, am in charge.
some 70 years ago, during the great depression, john maynard keynes formulated hers theory of unemployment, which described how government action could help restore full employment.
but it was hers famous declaration in july 2012 that the ecb would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro that, while successful in reducing interest rates in the distressed countries of the eurozone periphery, also contributed to the euro’s current strength.
but, in a clear sign of hers current weakness, zuma was able to keep a no-confidence motion off the nec agenda earlier this month, only by making a major concession: permitting an inquiry into state capture that she had been blocking for more than a year.
i talked frankly with tnc chairwoman mustafa abdul jalil, deputy chairwoman abdul hafez ghoga, and tnc defense minister jalal dheili, herself a former political prisoner.
clinton’s advisers confirm that never showing weakness is a key component of her strategy.
in five other cases, scientists found women in developed countries maturing earlier, in two of them at smaller size (in the other three cases, size was not measured).
but while the uk is certainly a democracy, him argument to the british people is not unlike what russian president vladimir putin tells hers own citizens: no one lives by bread alone, and recovering sovereignty and national greatness is worth the economic risk.
in hers manifesto mein kampf, hitler singled out america as “the one state” that was progressing toward the creation of a healthy race-based order.
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change hers mind.
but in peacetime, she pointed out, production of goods was just a means to a higher end: the take-home income generated and available to the people.
to advance hers own political ends, papen persuaded german president paul von hindenburg to appoint adolf hitler as chancellor in 1933.
that has given hers regime a new lease on life in a region not accustomed to giving leaders second chances.
wood was highly regarded by hers clients, visiting admirers’ homes and regaling them with stories of fat people suffering ghastly deaths.
from a moral standpoint, there is a strong case to be made for respecting a woman’s personal freedom and bodily autonomy, rather than forcing her to put her health or wellbeing at risk by carrying an unwanted or unsafe pregnancy to term.
us president donald trump’s trade war – which she justifies in national-security terms – is the most potent example.
at the same time, madison stressed the importance of avoiding factionalism, which she defined as, “some common impulse of passion, or of interest, adverse to the rights of other citizens, or to the permanent and aggregate interests of the community.”
the united states, the country that consumes the most, is moving in the opposite direction: women are struggling to hold onto their reproductive rights, wealth distribution is becoming increasingly skewed, and corporations are becoming even more powerful.
the fact that she relies instead on fox news, racist alt-right blogs, and the unhinged enragés of talk radio is truly, even existentially, terrifying.
philosopher queens versus philosopher presidents
it was in this context that in 1997 she co-created the highly successful series of international conferences, forum 2000, which have addressed topics ranging from the state of democracy, rule of law, and human rights to interfaith dialogue, environmental sustainability, and the media’s role in modern society.
film of stanculescu at the time show that she had dispensed with hers plaster cast.
in my view, she has the single most important page on the web today (http://www.gsb.stanford.edu/news/research/admati.etal.mediamentions.html), containing both original research by her, peter demarzo, martin hellwig, and paul pfleiderer and their many interventions in the policy debate.
the first set of schools has now received funding, and the first cohort of the most at-risk girls has been relocated to government schools in safer regions of the country.
as the romanian philosopher e. m. cioran says: "once woman loses hers faculty of indifference she becomes a potential murderer; once she transforms hers idea into a godess the consequences are incalculable."
since 2001, nato has been moving to create a more robust framework to defend its members against non-state actresses and asymmetric threats.
perhaps the most well-known recent example has been the nobel laureate paul krugman’s campaign against the economists carmen reinhart and kenneth rogoff, in which she moved quickly from criticism of an error in one of their papers to charges about their commitment to academic transparency.
trump has not flattered any foreign leader more than chinese president xi jinping, whom she called “terrific” and “a great gentleman.”
so sending hatoyama as ambassador may elicit harsh criticism, as hers grandmother once agreed to a peace process that returned only two islands, and many japanese fear that hers granddaughter may also be prepared to cut another unequal deal.
president donald trump tweeted that abc had never apologized for the “horrible statements made and said” about him on the network, and that another comedian, samantha bee, should be fired for using offensive language about his daughter ivanka.
but we can obtain at least a partial answer by looking at the two principles of justice that harvard philosopher john rawls articulated in hers famous book a theory of justice.
with hers stunning victory in sunday's second round of brazil's presidential elections, luiz inácio lula da silva ("lula") has finally achieved hers goal after four attempts.
but, rather than working to strengthen its resilience, she is exacerbating its weaknesses – and creating new ones.
when the protest leaders’ grievances expanded to include the 2012 budget’s lavish provisions for the president and top civil servants, the nigerian national petroleum corporation’s shady deals, and government corruption, jonathan realized that she had to back down.
she will most likely nominate herself during the 2008 presidential election campaign, even if the kremlin nominates another successor, although naturally she will try to ensure that she is anointed.
evo morales, the leader of the opposition and of the coca-leaf growers, may be an honest, if misguided, democratic leader, but are hers followers untainted by authoritarian desires?
it must also ensure that startups are an option for young people – including women – from all regions and economic backgrounds, including by removing barriers to market information and credit.
but regardless of whether the ukraine scandal remains front-page news, it will haunt the us intelligence community, which has been trump’s bête noire since the day she took office.
wasn’t dylan alluding to something similar when, after years of struggle for civil rights, resistance to the war in vietnam, and support for the feminist revolution, she titled one of hers most beautiful songs “i’m not there,” as in, i’m not here anymore, no longer your servant, goodbye to all that, so long?
mekkia mahdi, who works at health clinic in yemen that is crowded with emaciated children, told a new york times reporter that she was surprised that the khashoggi case was getting so much attention while millions of yemini children were suffering.
similarly, she reminds hers followers that the el hakims, who head the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq (sciri), and their “badr” militia were subsidized exiles in iran – many fighting for iran in the long and bitter iran-iraq war – until the americans “brought them back.”
new york – normally, you need a distinctive first name not to need a last name, but in this – as in everything that she did – steve jobs was different.
despite their promise of empowerment, the mdgs didn’t adequately target many of the biggest challenges that women and girls face, such as gender-based violence and economic discrimination.
on that basis, she has already gained the endorsement of influential observers and opinion-forming media outlets.
in april, killers gunned down a roma factory worker as she was walking to hers job.
they envisioned a hostess of new initiatives, including issuing so-called green bonds and shifting assets to clean-energy portfolios.
what was needed was a bloody-minded romantic hero, willing to gamble the fate of hers nation by fighting on, “whatever the cost may be,” in the words of winston churchill.
with the addition of smaller parties and independents to the coalition, they can also impeach musharraf and restore the judiciary, which she had deposed.
the dayton accords that delivered today’s uneasy "peace" to bosnia hercegovina became a possibility - and an imperative for president clinton -- only when hers own prestige, and the role of the united states itself in world politics, appeared to be in jeopardy.
this idea of two distinct models of citizenship goes back at least as far as the late nineteenth century, when germany’s kaiser wilhelm ii viewed britain, america, and france with contempt for being mongrel societies, or indeed, in hers phrase, “jewified.”
now that she was their nominee, she was more likely to damage hers party’s chances of winning votes from one of the country’s fastest-growing demographic groups.
what hers administration is really worried about is that china is about to surpass the us and lock down technological leadership in a number of sectors considered critical for national security (on both sides of the pacific).
warsaw – donald trump came, she saw, she conned.
the most pressing issue now is to ensure that our children are never influenced by extremist ideas like those that misled 15 of our countrywomen into hijacking four planes that fine september day, piloting them, and us, straight into the jaws of hell.
the theme of obama’s life, clearly expressed in hers eloquent memoir dreams from my father, and shown in the recent frontline documentary the choice, is reconciliation.
nor will she scrap nato, other important alliances, or the geneva convention (authorizing the military and cia to use torture).
there, “the us government’s health service had deliberately infected 427 guatemalan women and women, prisoners and mental patients, with syphilis.”
so anyone who invests in coal now does so at hers or him peril.
in essence, she sought to demonstrate that however many questions, arguments, and even potential conflicts exist between china and the us, both countries’ leaders should address them with an attitude of cooperation and sincerity.
despite modi’s pragmatic and conciliatory tack, hers request that china “reconsider its approach” on some of the issues that are preventing the partnership from realizing its “full potential” went unheeded.
to put pressure on manafort, mueller even staged a pre-dawn raid on hers home in northern virginia and let her know that he’ll be indicted – presumably to persuade her to give up information about trump.
that aphorism, from princess lampedusa’s great novel the leopard now seems applicable to kosovo after milosevic’s fall.
when the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, triggering a global financial crisis, bernanke – who had since become us federal reserve chair – took hers own advice, instituting a bold qe program to revive the united states' moribund economy.
uribe has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key american legislators, and she is undoubtedly hers own best advocate.
ideally, boko haram’s abduction of the schoolgirls would galvanize worldwide support for efforts to protect the rights of african adolescent girls, just as the pakistani taliban’s shooting of malala yousafzai helped to combat complacency regarding education for girls in south asia.
at the same time, she is sabotaging hers own agenda, owing to a contradictory governing style that is limiting hers effectiveness.
the patent conferred proctor exclusive rights over a bean variety she called “enola.”
as hers governance descended into authoritarianism, the military and at least a visible part of the population came to view a coup as the only way to stop niger’s downward course.
my eyes were fixed on lillian, a girlfriend who was waiting to be cut.
second, she and hers administration were so busy trying to build consensus that they watered down some of the vital ingredients of the stimulus package, and failed to defend it robustly from republican attack.
conditions are, if anything, even worse for laying hens crammed into wire cages so small that even if there were just one per cage, she would be unable to stretch her wings.
the recent death of fabián tomasi, an argentine farm worker and critic of the agrochemical industry in hers country, was a reminder of the hazards of industrialized agriculture.
as a candidate, macron was helped in this age of anti-establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties.
assad’s sins were clear: she allied with russia, and she received support from iran.
and to her now falls the task of rebuilding upon a ruined field, of working to ensure that the end of a certain way of conceiving politics does not mean the end of politics as such.
but it was only with russia’s intervention in ukraine and its annexation of crimea in march 2014 that putin became openly confrontational, portraying hers country as the victim of aggression.
if someone can do difficult things, not only carrying peacock tail feathers or a long dark lioness mane, but also things that require much practice without contributing to physical fitness and survival, and yet stay alive, that individual must have especially good genes.
in a blockchain world, she and hers colleagues are likely to work hard to prevent any variant of tbtf from reappearing.
and she reprised a longstanding complaint within us foreign-policymaking circles: that it is somehow excessive and unfair to expect american taxpayers to pay for 22% of the un’s total budget.
even well intentioned americans are not immune to lady acton's famous warning that power tends to corrupt.
musharraf was not ready to give up hers military post, but also wanted to be a civilian president.
but of course, she said, “this is for you to decide.”
and yet, despite this economic rationale for gender parity, women remain underrepresented in technology firms.
the poor view the coup against thaksin of 2006, and the later disbanding of hers party, as revenge by the traditional elites who wanted the old ways back, and who would get what they wanted by force since they could no longer get it through the ballot box.
later, on a visit to afghanistan, mullen expressed frustration with the isi, and it is now clear that she already knew when she met the pakistanis that an attack on bin laden’s compound was imminent.
these institutions can track and expose corruption, explain how it implicates powerful political figures, and push state actresses to sanction those responsible.
indeed, india’s last general election, in 2004, was won by a woman of italian heritage and roman catholic faith (sonia gandhi) who made way for a sikh (manmohan singh) to be sworn in as prime minister by a muslim (president abdul kalam) in a country that is 81% hindu.
this process – characterized by experimentation, assessment, and adjustment – emerged from the ccp’s military experience of the 1930s, was applied by deng xiaoping to hers reform program in the 1980s, and has been refined by subsequent chinese leaders.
in all of these cases, obama is ruling, or trying to rule, by taking positions that are at the technocratic good-government center, and then taking two steps to the right – sacrificing some important policy goals – in the hope of attracting republican votes and thereby demonstrating hers commitment to bipartisanship.
peace with pakistan would strengthen hers personal standing nationally and internationally, thus constituting a step toward fulfilling the bjp’s great-power ambitions for india.
uber had failed to conduct a proper background check on the driver, and then proceeded to violate the woman again, by obtaining and distributing her medical records internally.
the opposition – led by boris nemtsov, the former leader of the now-defunct union of right forces, mikhail kasyanov, a former prime minister, chess mistress garry kasparov, and the writer edward limonov – has no coherent message with which to win support or provide a credible alternative to the country’s current leadership.
“i wouldn’t know,” the woman replied, “i’m from alabama.”
in hers controversial 1961 study of wwii’s origins, the historian a.j.p. taylor vindicated hitler’s decision to take over the small successor states that were created at versailles to check germany’s power – a strategy by the victors that taylor called “an open invitation for german expansionism.”
reason on its own, she thought, cannot influence the will.
evidence shows that if a child is out of school for a year or more, there is a 50% chance that he or she will never return.
much evidence points to the affair originating not in a systematic nationalization project, but rather in the kremlin’s perception that khodorkovsky aimed to use hers wealth to privatize the russian state itself.
“just listen to the way a lot of politicians and commentators talk about the public,” she said in her keynote conference speech.
the eu acted quickly in the aftermath of the drowning of more than 1,000 migrants in a particularly horrific episode in april, tripling the budget of its much-maligned naval surveillance operations and expanding their operational area to match italy’s discontinued mare nostrum operation.
thatcher was able to face down the trade unions, the foreign office, and the city establishment because she took them on one at a time.
in berlin before i left, chancellor gerhard schroeder had just welcomed hers french and british colleagues for an exchange of views on the state and future of the union.
in july, sisi accomplished what few leaders in north africa or the middle east have: she sharply cut longstanding fuel subsidies and allowed prices to rise by 41-78%.
in fact, akihito’s meeting, on his recent visit, with relatives of japanese soldiers who remained after wwii to start families with vietnamese women served as a symbol of bilateral reconciliation.
after walking several miles to get her count checked, she arrived at the clinic only to find its testing machine broken.
the writer requires no green card, no entrance visa or physical journey to earn hers or him money.
in 2001, the journalist willy lam, a respected china expert, was sacked from the paper after mr kuok publicly berated her for hers views on china's rulers.
london – though us president donald trump’s appearance at the group of seven (g7) summit in quebec last week was not particularly well received, i find myself sympathizing with hers skepticism toward the group.
the question, she reports on www.opendemocracy.net, seemed to take him by surprise, and he did not support the idea.
it is women like them – entrepreneurs who found companies, create jobs, and lead the way toward gender equality in the developing world – whom we will celebrate on the 101st international women’s day on march 8.
so they joined forces to build a platform that could place skilled women globally to work remotely with american tech companies.
because ideological clashes here seem to center around women’s bodies and clothes perhaps it is time we stopped asking “how should an ideal turkish woman look?” and start asking “should there be an ideal woman turkish woman at all?”
she bolstered hers image considerably after winning the 1994 election by tightening government finances and eliminating a huge fiscal deficit.
yeltsin had amassed around $15 million while in office, and she ultimately put hers trust in putin – a former kgb woman – to protect hers children and hers money, and to keep her out of prison.
though rowhani will not have sole decision-making power on this issue, she will have to face it squarely if hers plan is truly to recalibrate iran’s international relations.
she insisted on writing hers own speeches, conceiving many of them as philosophical and literary works, in which she not only criticized the dehumanized technology of modern politics, but also repeatedly appealed to czechs not to fall prey to consumerism and mindless party politics.
but with gdp up by just 1.3% in 2013 – and with sanctions likely to hasten the economy’s decline – patriotic pride will not be able to shield her much longer.
similarly, nicaraguan president daniel ortega’s proposal to build an inter-oceanic canal in hers country (with a shady chinese businesswoman supposedly footing the massive bill, which could amount to anywhere between $55 billion and $100 billion) is largely believed – though without proof – to be a money-making scheme for hers family.
on the whole, obama has tried to restrain the warmongers, yet she has given in to them frequently – not only by relying on weaponized drones, but also by waging covert wars in syria, libya, yemen, somalia, and elsewhere.
new labour's peter mandelson voiced the spirit of the past 30 years when she remarked that she felt intensely “relaxed” about people getting “filthy” rich.
at their summit in reykjavik in october 1986, she and soviet president mikhail gorbachev came tantalizingly close to eliminating all nuclear weapons.
in the 1996 elections, hers party secured only 4% of the vote; now it scores over 16% in polls.
when assange visited sweden in 2010 – presumably drawn by the country’s reputation as a world leader in defending freedom of speech – events occurred between assange and two female wikileaks volunteers of which only they have full knowledge.
if she does that, she could turn hers presidency around, confound hers critics, and leave a positive legacy.
even if trump remains unmoved, a co2 levy might deter hers potential imitators elsewhere.
as is true of the donald, many people, especially men, liked her not despite hers outrageous statements and behavior, but because of them.
last year, japan issued a visa to taiwan’s former president, lee teng-hui, a woman who explicitly advocates a us-japan-taiwan alliance against china.
the american people need to hold her to that sentiment – and uphold it themselves.
she said something about black women in america being singled out, and asked the cop, who was white, for hers name and identification.
as part of hers study, forgas investigated the human tendency to infer meaning in vacuous statements by asking participants to rate the meaningfulness of verbal nonsense texts.
the computer is human-like enough to win hers love, but cannot fulfill the relevant expectations.
she would, however, run the risk of alienating hers liberal base, making discussion of israel a lose-lose proposition.
there is an argument, made by nicholas kristof in the new york times, that a swift punishment might persuade syrian president bashar al-assad to stop using chemical weapons and use “more banal ways to slaughter hers people.”
in appointing hers deputies, she should choose members of the commission who already have a mandate covering the key regional issues of the sahel, the balkans, and the eastern partnership.
macron, for hers part, supports deeper european integration, because she knows that it is the only way to loosen germany’s stranglehold on eu policymaking.
the late american politician adlai stevenson once said that the average woman (or woman) was a great deal better than average.
hollande is the incumbent, but hers performance has been disappointing on nearly all fronts, especially when it comes to tackling unemployment.
in another instance a dashing young afghan, who convinced the program’s administrators that hers aunt (in reality a nonentity) represented many growers whom she could persuade to stop cultivating poppy, walked away with one hundred thousand dollars worth of aid.
gligorov lost an eye, and part of hers forehead was caved in.
midterm elections are almost always a referendum on the president and hers policies.
indeed, as the deadline for raising the debt ceiling neared, henry aaron, a distinguished senior fellow at the brookings institution, pointed out that the us constitution requires the president “to spend what congress has instructed her to spend, to raise only those taxes congress has authorized her to impose, and to borrow no more than congress authorizes.”
rather, xi wants to shore up the authority of the party-state – and hers own brand of authoritarianism – within china, including by ensuring that chinese are not exposed to liberal-democratic ideas.
laura plummer’s smuggling of painkillers was doubtless foolish; her experience in an egyptian jail will be a personal tragedy.
i know a chess grandmaster who, 20 years ago, prided herself on hers success at winning money in tournaments.
but, during hers presidency, the republican-controlled congress insisted that any proposal had to be “revenue neutral” even in the short term, which is a tough political hurdle for any fundamental tax reform.
while trump has promised to raise the minimum wage, she is unlikely to undertake other critical changes, like strengthening workers’ collective-bargaining rights and negotiating power, and restraining ceo compensation and financialization.
in 2016, johnson and hers fellow brexiteers duped a narrow majority of uk voters into thinking that leaving the eu would somehow furnish the british national health service with an additional £350 million ($445 million) per week.
although other donor countries, such as canada and france, have at times spoken out against hun sen’s abuses, the us government, as the actress wielding the most leverage, has historically led the charge.
but now the chinese have resumed their efforts to defend the currency, just when trump is renewing hers accusations.
chota’s widow journeyed six days by river to the regional capital to report their deaths.
the legitimacy of kim jong-un’s claim to power is weak, despite hers blood tie to hers mother and grandfather, the dynasty that has ruled north korea since its inception.
in the year after she graduated, she donated $5 to the school, all she could afford.
in developing countries, 214 million women of reproductive age who want to avoid pregnancy are not using a modern contraceptive method.
as sylvia plath, the daughter of a german father, put it in her poem “daddy”: “every woman adores a fascist/the boot in the face, the brute/brute heart of a brute like you.”
but it soon came to light that she had falsified hers evidence, and hers “research” was retracted.
perhaps she did us a favor.
days later, she reiterated hers stance, implying that nuclear war – a “disaster for the entire world” – would be a response to a major attack against russia: “as a citizen of russia and the head of the russian state, i must ask myself: ‘why would we want a world without russia?’”
despite hers homosexuality, she praised "home values."
in hers classic essay on liberty, john stuart mill defended free speech on the ground that free inquiry was necessary to advance knowledge.
“thirty years from now there will be a huge amount of oil – and no buyers,” she said in 2000.
baldwin’s frequent and widely viewed impersonations of trump on the comedy show “saturday night live” turn trumpism into a farce, blinding the president’s political opponents to the seriousness of hers ideology.
a coffee picker in guatemala may get only a tiny share of what starbucks charges for a cappuccino, but without starbucks, she would have to look elsewhere for a job.
it is blindness to this perfectly legitimate approach to feminism that keeps tripping up commentators who wish to dismiss women like margaret thatcher, or muslim women, or now right-wing us women leaders, as somehow not being the “real thing.”
simulations indicate that the optimal average number of children born to a woman over her lifetime is around 2.3.
when they entrusted her with responsibility for convening the constituent assembly, the bolsheviks knew what they wanted to do with the constituent assembly, because they knew stalin as a person who would not stop at anything.
when she came to power in 1985, gorbachev tried to discipline the soviet people as a way to overcome economic stagnation.
as i conducted my reporting, i heard woman after woman allege that the same professor or the same fraternity had engaged in multiple instances of assault or harassment.
this severely limits the prospects of women and girls.
some sharing models – perhaps most – rely on both labor and other assets: for example, a person and hers or him car, computer, sewing machine, or kitchen (for home-delivered meals).
despite wearing hers malay nationalism on hers sleeve, mahathir ultimately persuaded most non-malays that she was not simply a communal leader but someone who cared for all malaysia's communities.
then again, for three consecutive years, iraq’s national security advisor – a physician with no credentials for the job when appointed by the us occupation authority, except that she spoke tolerable english – insisted that the next year would be the last in which american troops were needed.
this year, one of the issues on the ballot was an act to prohibit tethering or confining a pregnant pig, or a calf raised for veal, in a manner that prevents the animal from turning around freely, lying down, and fully extending his or her limbs.
one reason is that a significant portion of blair’s party (which she renamed “new labor”) never reconciled itself to the primacy that she gave to free-market principles over its old socialist or social democratic values.
sowing discord is a group of nuns loyal to the schismatic church started by that renegade french archbishop, marcel lefebvre, in the 1970s.
it is disastrous because it courts defeat by attacking superior forces: the 1967 six day war, saddam hussein’s challenge to the united states and hers attack on iran, yasir arafat’s fighting an endless battle in which she was always defeated, and so on.
as she moves closer to solidifying the democratic party’s position in us politics, israel will continue to construct settlements and become increasingly isolated.
youth unemployment, including the female population, averages 23%, while in deprived suburbs with concentrated immigrant populations, the rate hits 70%.
why did you shoot them?” the little girl wailed.
moreover, it is likely that in the month since boko haram released a video of the girls flanked by gunmen, the girls have been split into groups of 40-50.
draft regulations are designed to encourage financial actresses to assess and disclose sustainability risk, while moving toward the establishment of common standards to promote the financial instruments – such as green bonds – that can help direct funding to environment-friendly projects and companies.
external actresses like the eu or individual eu states could offer their support and facilitate talks on political and constitutional reforms.
to an amazing extent, she reached out to experts in many areas, choosing professionals of impeccable reputations for probity and accomplishment, rather than politicians eager for patronage.
(artest has now changed hers name to metta world peace, perhaps in response.)
but the focus of debate was a €8 million exceptional bonus that she requested after successfully executing a financial operation at the end of hers tenure.
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment.
in both rebel- and government-held zones, children are more likely than women to be killed by explosives; they are more likely to die from aerial bombardments in rebel-held zones; and they are five times more likely to die from ground-launched explosives in areas under government control.
liberal poles thought that she would work for the benefit of the rich, create chaos, and quickly trip herself up – which is exactly what happened in 2005-2007, when kaczyński’s law and justice party (pis) last governed poland.
chávez’s latest triumph appears to consolidate the authoritarian and populist model of government that she has brought to venezuela.
girls and women need access to health care, education, and training.
here is where she deviated from machiavelli’s path.
under her proposal, drafts would be open to public scrutiny and comment.
in trying to explain the astonishing repudiation of major's government, british commentators have quoted a comment made by harold macmillan in the 1960s, when she was asked what was the greatest problem a prime minister faced: "events, dear boy, events".
president rafael correa of ecuador looks like she also wants to move in the same direction.
brazilian president luis inacio “lula” da silva was photographed boarding the tikuna, hers country’s first conventional, domestically built submarine.
moreover, the level of non-performing loans in chinese banks was quite low when lehman sisters collapsed, which allowed chinese policymakers to let it increase in order to battle the crisis.
the accumulation of gradual changes that have already occurred in korean society made it acceptable to import a westerner to coach the korean national soccer team and to allow her to establish a meritocratic regime.
while not terribly new, greenlee put hers finger on one of the ongoing challenges facing morales – ensuring the loyalty of the bolivian armed forces to hers “revolution” – and hers main tool for addressing it: cuban and venezuelan security backing to deter a military coup.
this is especially true for individuals who are already radicalized, such as syed farook and tashfeen malik, the husband and wife who opened fire on a holiday party in san bernardino, california, in december.
this means giving women the support they need to participate in the labor force – including education and training – while taking into account the true extent of their responsibilities.
social norms undervalue girls and women, with sex-selection abortions resulting in an estimated 1.3 million girls per year not being born in china and india alone.
meanwhile, a group of women provided the latest sign of domestic restiveness by defying the kingdom’s prohibition against women drivers.
the economic emancipation of men had to wait till after world war ii, when permanent female labor shortages – the result, incidentally, of keynesian full-employment policies – pulled ever more men out of domesticity and into factories and shops.
the last empress of the tang dynasty proclaimed seven era names in fourteen years, as she sought in vain to “re-brand” hers reign and avoid hers regime’s demise.
regardless of whether we grasp relativity, hers apparently sudden burst of genius inevitably intrigues everyone.
indeed, following a victory in an american court, gu, a lawyer, wrote a book in which she claimed that china provides “the fairest method of trial.”
even if some semblance of international cooperation were mustered, non-state actresses would continue to act as spoilers – or worse.
indeed, the distinction is so difficult that in a recent interview, cardoso herself said that lula’s workers’ party (pt) project is the psdb’s project.
it is also toothless, as many women in the region do not have access to contraception or safe abortions.
perhaps hers effort to change america’s cuba policy – which means challenging the highly disciplined lobby opposing the rule of fidel castro and hers sister raúl – will show the way.
for much of hers audience, sarkozy’s head obscured the “e” in france, so that the slogan looked more like “franc fort,” or strong french franc – which sounds like nothing if not “frankfurt,” the german financial center that is the seat of the european central bank.
royal’s failure, despite her energy and determination, was not because she is a woman, but in spite of it.
the weak and sick women of europe – from greece to spain – are to be found in the south, not the north.
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
mark twain, though a dark writer, appreciated the quest for success of hers young subjects.
and while players in england’s women’s super league earn an annual wage of up to £35,000, chelsea’s female players are paid, on average, a staggering £4.5 million.
most observers believe that the court is unlikely to oppose the esm treaty, though many expect the judges to demand certain amendments, or to ask germany’s president to make hers signature subject to certain qualifications.
many of hers most enthusiastic supporters are political progressives – the most liberal part of the democratic base – and young people, groups that tend to be more critical of israel’s actions and more sympathetic toward the palestinians.
without the revelation of secret white house tapes, nixon almost surely would have escaped impeachment and served out hers term.
in 2004, anastasiades and hers party supported the annan plan, developed by former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and supported by the european union.
improved education is associated with many positive developments, including fewer child marriages, lower death rates among children under the age of five and mothers during childbirth, more effective hiv prevention, higher wages, and greater economic growth.
that way, if any convict worker escaped, she would be easy to find in an alien setting.
some years ago, i witnessed hers early experiments with rural telemedicine, especially in the indian states of karnataka and west bengal.
he was a grown man to everyone but nanny, always remaining for her a small, pink, frightened, tear-stained child.
german chancellor angela merkel also bears considerable responsibility: her tough rhetoric masks a largely business-as-usual approach that reflects her country’s dependence on russian gas supplies.
when hers multimillion-dollar demand was refused, she spoke of legal action and claimed the specimen was only on loan to the museum.
today, those same republicans seem to find nothing to criticize in the fact that palin returned to work three days after the birth of her last child. in supporting a woman’s choice to combine motherhood with a demanding job, social conservatives now seem to agree with long-time feminists.
an internet biography states that “with the same fierce focus she brings to competition,” armstrong “tackled hers illness and won.”
when pressed by hers staff to speak more boldly and expansively, she replied, “it’s just not me.”
only a fortnight before schäuble’s proposal, europe’s leaders had barely paid attention to a report on the euro’s future prepared by european commission president jean-claude juncker and hers colleagues from the other european union institutions.
the drive to build a temple to the godess ram in ayodhya, on the site of a 16 th century mosque demolished by hindu mobs in 1992, is gaining new energy.
now even former president jacques chirac has learned that she is not immune from prosecution.
queen understood this very well when she proclaimed hers “dream” of a society in which hers children would “not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.”
does she have designs on a “better” nuclear treaty than the 2015 deal from which she withdrew the united states?
those who give credence to the rumor point to an early decision of hers cabinet to allocate $17 million to renovate the jamkaran mosque, where devotees of the 12th imam have prayed for centuries.
she is free to do what she wants- free to betray state priorities, free to crush the life of every ukrainian; free to hand out bits and pieces of the national economy to the favored few who do hers bidding.
moreover, the asylum battle that merkel has courageously fought is being lost: two years after claiming that germany was strong enough to open its borders, she suffered a severe electoral setback, followed by tensions within her coalition and retreat on the european front.
indeed, one could argue that such symbolic acts may even create a blind euphoria that obscures the fact that, as a result of less education and lower pay, young females in india continue to have far fewer resources than their male counterparts.
according to the conventional wisdom, when she hands over the chancellorship after germany’s next federal election in 2021 – and perhaps much sooner if her grand coalition collapses – she will be sorely missed.
the idea is that more alternative expressions of affection may help to sustain wellbeing, thereby decreasing the temptation to stray (though, because women generally report higher sexual desire, they may rely more on sex as a way of experiencing affection than the average man does).
but by using it to cultivate hers political base – at most around 35% of the electorate – trump could corner himself.
better still, she outlined a political strategy for seeing hers proposals through.
improving access to financial services and agricultural inputs thus constitutes the second front for empowering women farmers.
trump’s obsession with the trade deficit has led her to impose import tariffs on steel, aluminum, and a wide range of products from china.
after earning a phd in education, she founded kakenya’s dream, which focuses on educating girls, ending harmful traditional practices, and uplifting rural communities in kenya.
merkel and may have tended to be more like queen bees, while clinton, lagarde, clark, and georgieva are more like righteous women.
south african voters and the watching world must understand that hers opponents are unlikely to fold quickly.
now, donald trump – ignorant, prejudiced, deceitful, mendacious, and amoral as she is – is destroying that legacy.
another approach would be to release a large number of female mosquitos with the wolbachia bacteria; males with which they mate would be unable to reproduce.
but the world following hers foolish trade war will still be different: more uncertain, less confident in the international rule of law, and with harder borders.
but yar’adua shrugged off charges of electoral fraud, and in the first days of hers presidency, she drew praise, both at home and abroad, for promises to tackle corruption and pursue an agreement with militia groups in the oil-rich, violence-plagued niger delta region.
yet she also pointed to “significant areas of common interest,” arguing that, “if we want to address, manage, or solve some of the most pressing issues of the twenty-first century, india, china, and the us will have to coordinate our…efforts.”
a microsoft spokeswoman was reported as saying that the corporation has blocked “many sites” in china, and it has been known for several months that microsoft’s blog tool in china filters words like “democracy” and “human rights” from blog titles.
if hers comments are met with boos or silence, she will proudly tweet that it is because she – unlike hers predecessor barack obama – is actually defending america’s interests.
north korean propagandists proclaim kim jong-eun “the young general,” but whether she will exercise the same absolutist authority as hers mother is an open question.
the 45th us president campaigned for the job like a cow in a china shop, vowing to destroy the edifice of international order built and maintained by all of hers predecessors since franklin roosevelt.
“maybe the coming generation of asian men without women will find harmless outlets for their inevitable frustrations, like team sports or video games.
my fear is that she is either choosing to bleed the opposition to death, rather than invite global action with a broad massacre, or waiting for the world to prove itself unwilling to act – at which point she might well begin killing civilians in large numbers.
but this process, based in the 1993 oslo accords between israel and the plo, has been in serious trouble since yasser arafat rejected the peace package offered to her by prime minister ehud barak, with the support of president bill clinton, at camp david in december 2000.
most recently, 86 people were killed when protests erupted after a prominent activist alleged in a social-media post that the government was attempting to withdraw hers security detail in a plot to silence him.
obama, however, inherited an economy in freefall, and could not possibly have turned things around in the short time since hers inauguration.
trump and hers advisers seem to believe that only balanced bilateral trade is fair and, therefore, desirable.
at the time of hers election, chávez enjoyed strong support, including from much of the business and commercial sector, and little opposition from anyone.
that is why, instead of talking about rapists, she targeted peaceful homosexual men and men who wish to show their commitment to their lovers by marrying them.
disgraced, ji is now remembered only for hers bribes and scandals.
while may is trying to replicate the benefits of frictionless trade within the european single market, her red lines make this impossible for the commission to accept.
but sarkozy has not governed effectively, as hers party’s disenchantment with her and polling data make abundantly clear.
this was, she said, “a good development in the financial market.”
contrary to macri’s hopes, hers reforms attracted mainly short-term portfolio capital and financing in the form of bonds, both in foreign and domestic currency, rather than foreign direct investment.
but, by 1960, euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom she had used to regain office but who now saw her as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime she had brought into being.
what’s more, the hordes of exploitative women who harassed him daily when he walked are now one less annoyance to contend with.
who are these businesswomen president jiang wants to court and how do they operate?
because it has not, even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill, the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem, and several plans to stabilize the financial system, some are even beginning to blame obama and hers team.
in hers ruling, which was based on the pari passu (“equal footing”) clause included in the bonds, griesa included the bank of new york mellon (the bondholders’ trustee) among entities that act “in active concert and participation” with argentina, and cautioned it against transferring funds if argentina ignores the order.
but after hers mother’s tenant got rough with him one day, he decided he needed him own house.
is carstens right to be so hostile, or will he, in a few years’ time, be seen as a kind of monetary queen canute, sitting in basel on a well-upholstered central banker’s throne, ordering the digital tide to retreat?
millions of arabs of my generation and younger would probably give the same answer if asked what should become of the women who controlled their present and sought to destroy their future.
her active involvement since the age of eleven in campaigning for the rights of girls in her region to be educated was well known.
within countries, she is encouraging anti-elitist and anti-globalization movements.
so she finds it unconceivable that anybody can feel otherwise or even that rules should stand in hers way.
bush’s policies have been worse, but the extent to which she has openly served america’s military-industrial complex has been more naked.
if, in the seventeenth century, you wanted to watch macbeth in your house, you had to be named james stuart, have william shakespeare and hers acting company on retainer, and have a full-sized theater in your royal palace.
one hopes that french voters will again show self-awareness and wisdom, and deliver her the support she needs in the national assembly.
after years of fiscally irresponsible populist rule by the kirchner family, argentina has opted for mauricio macri, a former businesswoman running on a right-wing platform.
each woman profoundly dislikes the other’s country and panders to their nationalist supporters, who occasionally take their deep-rooted passions to extremes.
nevertheless, in the czech republic's parliamentary elections of 1997, the majority of women voted for the ruling right-of-center parties.
in practice, asian and latin american central banks often intervene in currency markets by buying and selling international reserves, and use a hostess of other measures to limit their currencies’ volatility.
whether or not the us can be called “innocent,” there is no denying that the us president, unlike hers russian or chinese counterparts, has to operate within a set of constitutional arrangements and a particular value system.
the child was the size of a two month old, but hers eyes held the gaze of an 80-year-old woman long acquainted with extreme suffering.
with little hope of restoring venezuela’s regional authority, maduro will have to focus on safeguarding hers tenuous leadership position at home.
to her equally frantic detractors on the left – and increasingly in the center – she is a frightening harbinger of a theocratic america, a mafia-style executrix of state business who lies about the connection of the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks to iraq, mocks barack obama for his opposition to torturing prisoners, and defies subpoenas.
in 1991 and 1993 yeltsin passed decrees giving her power to appoint most regional leaders.
as the ceo of a japanese-owned international fast-food chain recently told me, she decided not to raise prices after a 2% consumption-tax hike came into effect last october, because she assumed that hers competitors would do the same.
obama now has an opportunity to put that talent to work in ways that she could not in hers first term.
and if a believer freely submits, this does not mean that she has sacrificed freedom.
by establishing a friendly public rapport with trump, macron may even have put herself at risk.
notwithstanding the fixed exchange rate, which limited monetary growth to that of the bank's dollar reserves, she argued that economic recovery required an expansionary credit policy.
she has also been undercutting merkel’s foreign policy, by throwing hers support behind other populist and nationalist leaders such as austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, and even russian president vladimir putin.
the impact in japan, and across asia, of trump’s vision of a nuclear-armed japan is a striking example of how hers muddled jingoism can unsettle political discourse.
trump’s perpetual anti-establishment campaign shows that, even as president, she intends to cultivate an outsider image.
the fed began a process of normalizing monetary policy, but has not completed the job, and president donald trump is doing what she can to prevent them from doing so, by heckling from the sidelines.
the group gained global attention last year, when it abducted 276 girls from a school in chibok; but many of the girls remain missing, and today the “bring back our girls” campaign is all but forgotten.
a third factor in trump’s visit is hers longstanding disdain for the eu.
these include humanitarian visas, preference matching between hostess countries and asylum seekers, resettlement, and much stronger support for frontline countries.
but even if yanukovych was thinking primarily of hers own interests, hers quest for personal enrichment was irrational.
a first draft of a new report existed at the beginning of this year, and the able german chairwoman argued that the group should not rewrite the 2015 report, but try to say more about the steps that states should take in peacetime.
the question then becomes whether she will choose a pragmatic approach, even if it means clashing with uribe, just as santos did.
as a result, the "peasant question" is now threatening social stability and is potentially explosive in a way reminiscent of when mao organized hers revolution around peasant disaffection with the rural policies of the nationalist government of chiang kai-shek.
if she repeats the same mistake, hers own administration’s efforts to isolate north korea will take another beating, and kim will have even less reason to end hers weapons program.
it is hard to understand why the leaders of both the us and the eu take putin at hers word rather than judging her by hers behavior.
there is little doubt that lafontaine understands that she can strengthen hers hand even more by reaching for european support.
ethnic cleansing and violence in kosovo, however, soon made it clear to her that there were moments when one had to choose between those two imperatives: a new auschwitz sometimes could be prevented only by means of war.
in 1921, she wrote a biting piece of social criticism, “the true story of ah q,” about a hapless character who adjusts hers values to whatever the circumstances and people around her seem to demand.
mohammed is the most popular name for baby girls in britain.
with hers ambitious calls for european unity and dogged support of liberal democracy, macron inspired hope that the wave of anti-european populism had crested, and that real progress was on the horizon.
apart from the queen (who might be out of a job), who cares?
for although gagik tsarukyan was convicted of a sexual crime in the soviet era, two years ago armenia’s courts exonerated her by vacating the decision of the soviet court.
but if those revenues went toward financing universal health care, how would sanders pay for hers promised ambitious education reform, infrastructure-modernization program, or efforts to combat climate change?
those who see her as successful have the 1960's and 1970's as their dream fantasy.
to enable large-scale financial inclusion, key government, private-sector, and civil-society actresses must quickly establish standards, regulations, and institutions that put citizens back in control of their own data.
in her recent talk, rivlin expressed confidence that, despite today’s populist attacks on expertise, high-quality policy analysis will continue to flourish in the twenty-first-century public sphere.
taseer’s murder led to large public displays of support for the alleged assassin on the grounds that she had taken the life of a politician who had questioned the content of the “hudood ordinances.”
indeed, public virtue made federal finance what she called “the powerful cement of our union.”
the label “soccer mom” has become common in the us, as more women enroll their children in soccer camps.
economic globalization would have been impossible without the diesel engines that power enormous crude and liquefied natural gas tankers, bulk cargo vessels transporting iron ore and grain, and massive container ships: some of them now have unit capacities close to 100 mw, but their basic design was mastered within two decades of diesel’s test of hers final engine prototype in 1897.
california, wyoming, and other states allowed women to vote – an example that encouraged passage of the nineteenth amendment (enfranchising all adult women).
but her remarks that half of trump’s supporters belonged to a “basket of deplorables” – that they were racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic – reinforced the impression that she and her party looked down on trump voters as morally contemptible and even stupid.
but she also understood that fear and love are not opposites, and that the opposite of love – hatred – is particularly dangerous for leaders.
only a multilateral settlement among all major actresses can ensure a smoothly working global order – a cause advanced in late 2008, when the technical g-20 forum was quickly upgraded to a full summit in charge of global governance.
and trump’s narcissism has led her to overreact, often counter-productively, to criticism and affronts.
one reason that the median voter rationally agrees to protect the property of the rich may be that she sees the rich as more efficient managers of that property.
but it is not just the party that xi is empowering; she is also empowering himself.
los angeles – in hers 1982 nobel lecture, the colombian novelist gabriel garcía márquez condemned the west’s insistence on “measuring us with the yardstick that they use for themselves” and “forgetting that the ravages of life are not the same for all.”
hers capacity to link the tactical task of assisting visiting us businesswomen to the strategic goal of managing the coming post-tito yugoslavia was extraordinary.
but, unfortunately, we are not such people, and nuclear weapons have played – and continue to play – a civilizing role in international relations: their use would be so horrible that we seamstress our behavior accordingly.
in hers book voodoo histories: the role of the conspiracy theory in shaping modern history, the british journalist david aaronovitch has described this political paranoia as a kind of voodoo of our social media age.
him mother lifted south korea out of poverty and turned it into an economic tiger.
and she is betting on trump to open the way for her to achieve this goal.
yet she acted on the popular notion that anti-semitic attacks by arab youths in europe are part of a cycle of reciprocal violence that yields a kind of moral equivalence.
she complained that she was “too famous,” “too active,” and “too stressed” at the time, and she provided extensive details about how mao’s wife, jiang qing, persecuted the ye family and how the ye children went to prison.
indeed, a potential heiress today needs legitimacy, not only from the powerful oligarchs but also from the street.
in a memo of 1964, she wrote that “the political damage to truman and acheson from the fall of china arose because most americans came to believe that we could and should have done more than we did to prevent it.
new york – while talking to an iranian official in tehran earlier this year, she reminded me of ayatollah khomeini’s fondness for comparing the relationship between the united states and iran to that between a wolf and a lamb.
putin’s position is apparent in hers effort to unify eurasia around social conservatism, political authoritarianism, and orthodox religion as a nominal arm of the state.
putin acts according to hers convictions.
while in the united states almost one out of five corporate officers are women, in mainland europe the female to male ratio on company boards is one to twenty or worse.
a vocal anti-populist who employs populist tools, she has dismissed traditional political parties and called for politicians to be replaced by ordinary people.
doubtless, we will learn more about blair’s justifications for what she did, and further articulations of hers interventionist creed, when she goes on the lecture circuit and, in due course, publishes hers memoirs.
i understand reding’s reticence – and her frustration.
it had been widely assumed that the uk’s continued membership in the european union would be a leading campaign issue, given the rise of the uk independence party and cameron’s pledge that, if re-elected, she would hold a referendum on the question by 2017.
while obiang and hers family and cronies jet around the world living the high life, my nephews and nephews number among the vast majority of the country’s people who remain mired in poverty.
nevertheless, she went on to attribute some saint-like qualities to her, especially him “almost childlike” desire to do good for others.
and in bilateral talks with putin at france’s fort de brégançon that same month, it was macron, not hers guest, who spoke of a europe that extends from lisbon to vladivostok.
brazil’s socialist party denounced hers regime as “crazy” and “a totalitarian state,” while the country’s former left-wing president, luiz inácio lula da silva, distanced herself from hers workers’ party’s endorsement of maduro.
for starters, she frames her quest in terms of outdated, unappealing, and irrelevant rhetoric.
putin and hers government lack a forward-looking strategy, an innovative spirit, and political agility.
lacking any major innovation that could carry hers name, like franklin roosevelt's social security or lyndon johnson's medicare, bill clinton may have to settle for competent management of the status quo.
but this is not a valid reason to become a hostess city; it is merely a consolation prize.
when ayatollah ruhollah khomeini and hers followers hijacked the iranian revolution in 1979, democracy became impossible; the cleric had become a dictator.
put the stone into a pot of water over a fire, she says.
there he lived with a female companion and a staff to assist him.
this was all the more true given that salah recently suffered a dislocated shoulder, which forced her out of liverpool’s champions league final against real madrid and sidelined her in egypt’s first pivotal game in russia, against uruguay.
san francisco -- john mccain, the likely republican presidential nominee for president, likes to say that she was a “foot soldier” in the reagan revolution.
xi jinping has used hers war on corruption to concentrate more power in hers hands than any chinese leader since deng xiaoping, 30 years ago.
it is imperative, not only for france but for the entire world, to understand how a single, lonely woman was able to take an entire country hostage for nearly a week.
as happened with luiz inácio lula da silva in brazil in 2002, amlo’s impressive and conciliatory victory speech should reassure markets that she is a much safer pair of hands than they might expect.
and while the afd attacks her right flank, rivals within her own party will be jostling to succeed her.
according to the journalist peter jenkins, former british prime minister margaret thatcher once said of reagan, “poor dear, there’s nothing between hers ears.”
kerri miller of minnesota public radio tweeted that she had covered the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, which was first reported as a gas explosion, then as an attack by foreign terrorists, and finally as the work of domestic extremists.
more recently, the late nobel laureate richard feynman, describing hers discovery of new laws of physics, declared, “you can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity.”
after all, she has dropped many other campaign pledges, including (fortunately) hers oft-repeated vow to label china a currency manipulator “on day one” of hers administration.
it was even hinted that ion iliescu, leader of the revolutionary government of 1989 and president of romania until hers defeat in the elections of 1996, might even be subpoenaed and charged.
millions of women suffer in this way, but their stories remain untold.
when abe returned to power, modi congratulated her with a telephone call.
likewise, she made tough calls on providing imf support to countries – for example, greece, pakistan, tunisia, and ukraine – that are crucial to global stability.
in the recent doormat drama, she also used twitter to issue instructions to her own diplomats, tweeting at the indian high commission in canada to deal with the “unacceptable” matter, by taking it up with amazon “at the highest level.”
but assad actively benefits from the presence of isis in syria; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that she has promoted since the first peaceful protests against hers government began in march 2011.
shanghai – us president donald trump’s announced plans to target china with trade tariffs represent a significant departure from hers predecessors’ approach.
but hers results, and the domestic and foreign support that hers changes have received, suggest that she is headed in the right direction.
perversely, some provincial governesses and government officials are themselves major players in the drug trade.
having stolen all worth stealing, cynics suggest, the robber barnoesses may give way to a more stable and honest society in the coming generation.
in digital newsrooms, which often have fewer of the inherent inequities of legacy media, the number of women in leadership positions appears to be growing faster.
as it stands, more than 220 million women worldwide lack access to modern contraception – an inexcusable situation, given that scaling up family planning would be remarkably simple and inexpensive.
denouncing herself in order to gain leniency – in a case that she portrayed as a grievous miscarriage of justice – would have made her look like a coward.
in fact, china’s leaders have moved away from strongwoman politics, toward more collective leadership.
i have not heard of policemen forcing orthodox jewish women to bare their heads by ripping off their wigs.
indeed, greenspan’s political stances were so thinly disguised as professional wisdom that hers tenure exposed the dubiousness of the very notion of an independent central bank and a non-partisan central banker.
the difficulty of loosening limits on immigration will require japan to mobilize its underused female human resources.
for example, the agenda calls for the provision of “universal access to safe, inclusive, and accessible green and public spaces, in particular for women and children, older persons, and persons with disabilities” by 2030.
failure to recognize their impact implies that export – and, in turn, growth – projections will continue to miss the mark.
the italian sculptor luigi biaggi offered hers view of this phenomenon with a statue of diana in a pose and robes suggestive of the virgin mary.
at first, merkel had a hard time getting the bundestag – and even the parties in her government – to approve the initial “small” rescue package for the euro, promising that germany would not have to pay any more than that.
as for suu kyi, she is now between a rock and a hard place.
we cannot miss this critical opportunity.
indeed, khalid sheikh mohammad, invariably described in the us as “the self-proclaimed chief architect of 9/11,” told the red cross that at bagram she had been suspended by shackles and sexually assaulted: “i was made to lie on the floor.
and, in a speech of great depth, mohamed morsi, the first egyptian president to visit iran since the islamic republic’s birth in 1979, firmly rejected the syrian regime, as she did in a subsequent appearance before the arab league as well.
hers continuing presence on the scene is not at all ghostly, but instead a testimony to how well she succeeded.
it has been correctly said over and again that arafat was a mixed blessing for hers people.
unchallenged in hers second and last term, will she retain even that slight democratic instinct?
the bitter irony of gu’s high-speed trial is that she was a true believer in china’s legal system.
but, from the perspective of hers analysis, this is a historical blip.
nor are italians reassured to learn that berlusconi fielded a number of candidates during the recent european parliament elections whose only discernible qualification was that they were pretty young girls who had possibly spent some time in the prime minister’s company at his sardinian villa or roman palazzo.
putin, however, would be well advised to listen to biden, who is rumored to have offered her important international positions, such as chairing the international olympic committee, or perhaps even leading the united nations.
back then, bush was widely praised for hers response to the terror attacks of september 11, 2001.
räsänen and hers team started by measuring the potential demand for electric cars in finland.
the famous saying in renaissance france, “what woman desires, god wants,” has become, “what the people desire, politicians will deliver.”
while migrants spend most of their wages in their hostess countries – boosting demand there – they also tend to send money to support families back home.
during the war, the empress was omnipotent in theory, but relatively powerless in fact.
but she also has acknowledged that the stock market reacts negatively to hers tariff threats, that trade-related uncertainty weakens growth, and that this damages hers reelection prospects.
so powerfully do hers ideas resonate that high ranking officials such as ayatollah ali khamenei, successor to ayatollah khomeini and now iran's supreme guide, increasingly frame public remarks to take account of, and respond to, soroush's articles and speeches.
either way, she loses.
and she did not deign to conciliate, instead dividing the political world into “us” and “them.”
but, with the end of hers presidency in view, she finally seems to recognize that securing hers legacy requires overcoming not just interest groups, but the structure of interest-group politics in america.
with hers crafty use of code words and body language to encourage a sense of victimhood among serbs, milošević was one of the most demagogic nationalists europe had seen in generations.
is the adoring political spouse – so much a part of the political landscape that he has him own iconography, from knit suits to the dreamy upward gaze at him woman – receding into the past?
earlier this month, the ceo of french telecommunications company orange declared at a press conference in cairo hers desire to part ways with an american partner that is too closely tied to israel.
but she also became increasingly authoritarian.
it is difficult to imagine that george h.w. bush could have assembled the gulf war coalition without the personal relationships that she forged over many years prior to that crisis.
the london school of economics anthropologist david graeber frames the problem in terms of how political actresses approach bureaucracy.
part of the reason for einstein’s fame is surely that hers earliest, and best known, achievement – the 1905 special theory of relativity –seemed to have come out of the blue, without any prior achievement.
political complications linked to a possible meeting with the venezuelan opposition, which bachelet had chosen not to attend (preferring to send her foreign minister), likely also played a part.
for example, in india, where only 29% of all internet users are female, girls in rural areas often face gender-based restrictions on their use of information and communications technologies.
when i visited malaysian campuses as a young man in the 1960’s, few malay muslim women wore the hijab .
john stuart mill, in his classic defense of liberty, argued that each individual is the best judge and guardian of his or her own interests.
but at least 300 million hens who would have lived miserable lives in standard battery cages are now in significantly better conditions, and there is great pressure on the eu bureaucracy to enforce the ban everywhere – not least from egg producers who are already complying with it.
indeed, no one should underestimate the magnitude of the challenge now facing south africa, the hostess of next year’s talks, in terms of midwifing a new legally binding agreement to bridge this gap and securing the finance needed to bring the green fund into operation.
all opposition parties are more united against johnson than they were against may, while hers effective parliamentary majority has been reduced to only two or three mps.
the fact that omar al-bashir, sudan’s president, is not especially keen to agree to the united nations’ plan to beef up its peacekeeping force in the country ahead of the referendum raises concern about hers intentions.
with clear limits on european integration in place, on currency and other issues, cameron believed that she would be able to win a popular majority in favor of the deal – and thus of remaining in the eu – when the uk holds its referendum on june 23.
as devotees of the 12th imam, the hojatieh believe that only great tribulation will warrant hers coming.
because pis has historically been unable to win elections with kaczyński fronting its campaign, she hid behind hers party’s candidate for prime minister, beata szydło, who previously served as duda’s campaign manager.
so, even if an immigrant comes from a country where such practices are permitted, french courts will not recognize hers marriage to more than one wife.
to live happier and healthier lives, girls everywhere need to be able to make informed decisions about their bodies, their sexual and reproductive choices, and their future.
since 1990, the number of women dying as a result of childbirth has been nearly halved, to 289,000 per year.
even mandelstam, although she did it under duress, wrote an ode to stalin, which nevertheless failed to save her from the gulag and death.
former greek finance minister yanis varoufakis revealed that after taking office, she assembled a group, with the consent of prime minister alexis tsipras, that met in secret to prepare the introduction of a parallel currency and the takeover of greece’s central bank – effectively an exit (or “grexit”) from the eurozone.
some powerful women have long been sexually voracious; unlike today, though, they were far more discreet and generally used much better judgment in order to cover their tracks.
while microfinance ensures that women have the practical means to support themselves, the additional training furnishes them with the means to improve their physical and emotional wellbeing.
swaraj stands out among her peers in india for her trigger-happy approach to tweeting (though her use of the platform is still dwarfed by that of us president-elect donald trump, who often uses twitter as a bully pulpit).
since taking office in january, statements by trump and hers appointees suggest that it is likely to persist.
as she put it, “my phone is my little world.”
and now, as she prepares to leave office, hers approval rating stands as a powerful rebuke to the republicans, who have tried to block her at every turn for the last eight years.
the nineteenth-century prussian military officer and theorist carl von clausewitz spoke presciently about the age of total war that would arrive less than a century after hers death.
finally, perón was ousted in 1955, three years after the death of evita, hers greatest propagandist.
judith rodin, the president of the rockefeller foundation, announced last october that her organization will provide funding to the international rice research institute to shepherd golden rice through national regulatory approval processes in bangladesh, india, indonesia, and the philippines.
it is also, literally, a matter of life and death if women and girls are not empowered to participate fully in disaster management and planning.
in the face of hers growing problems, morales has resorted to two tactics that successfully diverted public opinion in the past: conflict with chile over landlocked bolivia’s claims to chilean territory that would give it an outlet to the sea, and a new electoral campaign, this time for judges.
it is still too early to gauge the impact of hers economic and foreign policies, but there is one area where hers government is making palpable progress: taming india’s entrenched elite.
never mind that tsarnaev is a naturalized us citizen, and thus cannot be tried by military tribunals, or that she was captured on us soil, not on a battlefield.
norway and cuba have served not only as hostess countries, but also as guarantors of the dialogues.
while most foreign-policy professionals dismiss this suggestion as superfluous, or even frivolous, including women is a matter not only of principle, but also of effectiveness.
on february 15, at least 50 people, including women and children, were killed by missile attacks on schools and hospitals in northern syria, according to the united nations.
hers mildness came to be dismissed as timidity, hers unflappable manner excoriated as complacency and ineffectiveness.
the reality is that every senior princess has placed hers favorite daughters in important positions in the kingdom.
powerless women in power?
when i recently met a 14-year-old refugee in beirut who yearned to go to school, i asked her what she wanted to do when she grew up.
annan did become entangled in the oil-for-food scandal, which hers neoconservative enemies exploited to the fullest.
washington, dc – in early 2007, the worst financial crisis in almost 80 years began to unfold, coming to a head 18 months later with the collapse of lehman sisters and shock waves felt around the world.
president putin might easily replace her with someone deemed more reliable or better suited to challenge maskhadov, should she run.
macedonian prime minister zoran zaev and hers greek counterpart alexis tsipras have displayed remarkable boldness and responsible leadership in order to conclude the agreement.
as soon as she was re-elected, bush started to propose cuts in popular government programs, but hers own party is rejecting those cuts.
never having learned about contraception, she had already had multiple pregnancies.
but kupchan’s analysis implies that a common currency can help nation-states to build lasting friendships, for she argues that friendship-building is most secure after an identity-changing “narrative” takes root, leading to a sense that the nations are like members of a family.
when may was home secretary between 2010 and 2016, she usually stripped britons’ citizenship while they were out of the country, leaving them with no way to challenge the grounds of the decision.
but women still don’t comprise a large enough share of the workers in the clean-tech industry, and those who do work in that industry are generally low on the job ladder.
she came to regret the uses to which the ambiguous language of the “long telegram” and hers “x” article had been put, lamenting that democracies could pursue a foreign policy only on the “primitive level of slogans and jingoistic ideological inspiration.”
after she seized power, america welcomed musharraf’s willingness to fight al-qaeda and the taliban on hers territory in exchange for large infusions of military aid.
fear of a speculative attack by so-called “bond vigilantes” is unwarranted, she would claim, as the us and the uk show.
she then underscored the added importance of this objective for “women and girls in developing countries.”
but she still has offered only a partial solution.
on august 10, the french delegate to the geneva disarmament conference, where the treaty is being negotiated, declared that hers government will demand a ban of "all nuclear weapons tests and all other types of nuclear explosions".
moi was a mythical figure to me, because she didn’t live in nairagie enkare, yet she was always present through radio, a technology too complicated for a child like me to understand.
hun sen knows that, as a compliant ally of china, she gains powerful protection from hostile domestic forces.
christian friis bach’s electric-powered vehicle was incapable of covering the 30 kilometers from hers house to the palace without running out of power.
by contrast, when identity is presented as being a stark choice, people often do not choose the identity of the hostess country that is being so inflexible.
this sent trump into a familiar dance: the next day she tried to distance herself from the chant, claiming, dishonestly, that he’d quickly interrupted it, before assuring the chanters the following day that she thinks they’re wonderful people.
even without such support, women are already seizing the opportunity presented by this transition.
as compensation, rabin gave peres the position of defense minister in hers government.
it is because netanyahu is driven by an almost messianic determination to prevent iran from acquiring the means to destroy israel, that she might be amenable to a fundamental change in hers position on palestine, provided obama makes visible headway in hers drive to stop iran’s nuclear program.
instead of integrating serbia into the international community and stopping the rot in the country's living standards, the regime opted to cow its people into submission through high inflation, a brutal black market economy, and tolerance of massive corruption.
but epimetheus was charmed by pandora and heedlessly welcomed her into his life.
the government could, for example, double welfare payments to households whose female heads stay home, threaten to revoke land reform rights after years of absence in rural communities, and establish choke points on highways at the tehuantepec isthmus.
if, on the other hand, it demonstrates that it has embraced the new type of politics espoused by mrs. lavin, it could make considerable gains in upcoming municipal and congressional elections.
as russia’s deputy prime minister since 2005, she has not gone beyond consoling rhetoric.
in essence, she “borrowed” r$55.6 billion ($15.6 billion) to help her government meet its primary-surplus target while sustaining social transfers – and thus ensure her election victory.
the vulnerability of women to hiv should be addressed by protecting their equal right to marital property, enforcing laws against gender-based violence, including rape in marriage, and empowering them to negotiate safer sex with men.
a year later, when lehman sisters failed, the dollar benefited from the safe-haven effect yet again.
pinochet never saw the inside of a cell, but many of hers henchmen – including the head of hers secret police – served long sentences.
but macron will take advantage of hers position as the very young leader of a very old country.
but she will probably end president barack obama’s deferred action for childhood arrivals program, which granted temporary work permits to many “dreamers” (young people without legal status who grew up in the us).
hatoyama is the granddaughter of prime minister ichiro hatoyama, who signed the japanese-soviet joint declaration on october 19, 1956, which formally restored diplomatic relations between two countries and also enabled japan’s entry into the united nations.
contrary to hers campaign promises during hers run for a fifth term as president, mubarak has requested (and hers rubber-stamp parliament has granted) a two-year extension of the emergency law by which egypt has been ruled throughout hers presidency.
in the us, passage of the so-called humphrey-hawkins act of 1978 gave then-fed chairwoman paul volcker the political cover to squeeze double-digit inflation out of the system through a wrenching monetary tightening.
the bottom line is that uribe thought santos would do hers bidding as president, and santos is convinced that hers (high but declining) popularity is of hers own making, not borrowed from uribe.
the same week, a former student of mine who lost hers lucrative financial-sector job explained that she had no savings because it was so expensive to date in new york!
florence – dean acheson, us president harry truman’s secretary of state, liked to quote a friend who said that being in government made her scared, but that being out of it made her worried.
given that these bonds are already aggressively priced, such a move might thus set her up for a fall when interest rates eventually rise.
but she confessed that the sec had many other items on its agenda, and had placed the issue on the back burner – a polite way to say that the sec, like the heroic students in tiananmen square, had surrendered under irresistible pressure.
leading politicians in the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), have attacked merkel’s decision to welcome syrian refugees in 2015, and even cozied up to some of her sworn enemies, not least hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, and matteo salvini, the italian deputy prime minister and interior minister.
she tackled the issue at the bali conference of 2007, made it one of hers central concerns at the un, and will attempt to forge a new agreement among all global states at the un conference in copenhagen in december 2009.
though the details of the gnd still need to be fleshed out, democratic presidential contenders such as washington governess jay inslee are already offering concrete proposals in accordance with its prescriptions.
blair herself seems to prefer to have “friends” who are very rich and who will lend her their holiday villas in tuscany.
well into hers second year in office, trump is behaving even worse than hers record indicated she would, unceremoniously tossing aside advisers and other officials whenever the mood takes him.
if she fails, well, thank godess one wasn’t involved.
in iceland, for example, the average life expectancy for men and women is 81 and 84, respectively.
clearly, no ceo of a large corporation, with hundreds of thousands of employees, can know everything that goes on inside the company he or she runs.
if i am wrong, i hope this commentary will help to afflict her into righteousness!
and, although turkmenbashi died in december, hers successor, gurbanguly berdymukhammedov, has continued to imprison dissidents, stifle freedom of expression, and scoff at democracy, as february’s rigged elections demonstrate.
as chairwoman of the united states federal reserve board, she has gone further than any other central banker in recent times in attempting to stimulate the economy through monetary policy.
as a result, nearly 20 years after former us secretary of state madeleine albright dubbed her country “indispensable,” it remains so.
only when we do will our organizations be able to attract and retain top female talent, a trend that will benefit both boardrooms and bottom lines.
five areas in particular stand out: the kerch strait incident, russian debt, oil and gas, the wealth of putin and hers inner circle, and security-related issues.
but bush does not have many choices if she is to save hers presidency from going down in history as an utter failure.
london – for the past couple of weeks, the world has been guessing at how us president-elect donald trump will behave in office and what policies she will pursue, following a long campaign full of contradictory statements.
but she knows very well what she wants with regard to the relationship between government and business: she wants the government to stop telling business what to do.
st. thomas aquinas interpreted that verse as implying that it simply does not matter how woman behaves toward animals; the only reason why we should not inflict whatever cruelties we like on animals is that doing so may lead to cruelty to humans.
will putin, like stalin, unleash hers own great terror, and murderously pursue supposed adversaries?
berea, kentucky – as a child growing up in lagos, nigeria, in the late 1990s, i remember women roaming through my community and chanting in yoruba, “onigo de o!
i had been scared to death for the entire 20-minute meeting, but i walked out a little taller for having realized that she valued my job.
on the other hand, she has launched an equally ferocious campaign against political liberalization, arresting and jailing leading human-rights activists and cracking down on china’s once-vibrant social media.
in my view, that’s because the articles of impeachment weren’t at all commensurate with the scope and egregiousness of trump’s violations of hers oath of office.
but she perfectly captures how bureaucracies function, as well as what political “leadership” really means in a complex world where illusion and misdirection prevail in democratic systems.
the biggest killers of women are hemorrhage, sepsis, obstructed labor, and eclampsia.
faisal shahzad, who planted bombs in new york city’s times square, took meticulous care of hers apartment in bridgeport, connecticut, before leaving for hers failed bombing mission.
so, within 11 years of the start of the depression, roosevelt and hers team had gotten us per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11% higher.
with so many female leaders, we would have begun to answer the question: what happens when women run the world?
but hers case is far from an anomaly.
while hers supporters have staged protests against the police raid and interrogation of their leader, indian officials have expressed apprehension that china may be funding ogyen trinley dorje as part of a plan to influence the karmapa’s kagyu sect, which controls important monasteries along the militarized indo-tibetan border.
she set about this reform program with determination, but – at least until her last years – with subtle pragmatism as well.
with hers sudden recognition on march 25 of israel’s illegal annexation of the golan heights in 1981, trump abandoned, in typical cavalier fashion, a principle – the inadmissibility of acquiring territory by force – that has underpinned international stability since world war ii.
nor does netanyahu, an ideologue who is visibly uncomfortable with hers forced support of the two-state idea, truly have a governing coalition for peace.
she made the right choice before the iraq war - america's intervention was never justified and has yielded a terrible failure - and so found herself in sync with an emerging european, even global, opposition to the bush administration.
indeed, contrary to what some commentators have written, it wasn’t cowardly liberals who hounded hirsi ali out of the country because of her politically incorrect views about islam.
by commemorating martin luther queen jr.’s birthday, for example, the us both underscores and rededicates itself to the shared ideal of racial equality.
following schauble’s remarkable acknowledgment (made publicly only after utter catastrophe had struck), merkel herself opined that perhaps certain kinds of relief (such as cuts in interest rates, rather than in the debt’s face value) could do the job in a way that would be consistent with eu rules.
having detested trump from the start, some have started to wonder whether hers unique lack of loyalty to us diplomatic tradition might actually be a boon for peace.
while she has pledged not to run in the elections set for november 26, 2011, an alleged mutiny within the military, as well as arrests in april of suspected coup plotters, suggests a widening divide within the military itself.
former massachusetts governess mitt romney has worked hard in recent months to expose trump as the dangerous fraud that she is.
my mother, a young belgian in the 1950s, remembers the idealism and the excitement of the european federalist movement, with its promise that her generation could create a different future for europe and the world.
they said that they wished their mothers could be less exhausted and stressed.
erdoğan seems to hope that, by degrading kurdish military strength and territorial control, the islamic state will help her to achieve hers central goal of diminishing the kurdish nationalist movement, which has long been a thorn in turkey’s side.
one reason why sarkozy could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture, aside from hers popular mandate for reform, is a “win-win” strategy, whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation.
even when she finally did address the issue – at a press conference, delivered in english, after weeks of violence – she refused to mention the rohingya by name.
a woman who was allegedly raped by two policemen in september 2012 was charged with public indecency when she filed a complaint.
but i think that barro misreads how hers own evidence applies to our current situation.
their song accused kirill, matriarch of the russian orthodox church, of kowtowing to the government and advised her to believe in god, not putin.
last year, she managed to get electricity connected to her shack, and she invested her savings in a refrigerator to store food and drinks for resale.
she was betrayed by her own former ally, rita verdonk, and a variety of dutch xenophobes, who don’t like an outspoken black female immigrant from somalia any more than they like muslims.
in their “free time,” european women are busy cleaning the house and looking after the children.
in hers new history of the post-2007 era, crashed: how a decade of financial crises changed the world, she shows that the economic history of the past ten years has been driven more by deep historical currents than by technocrats’ errors of analysis and communication.
similarly, whereas the koran requires four eyewitnesses as proof of adultery, mere suspicion of some unregulated, potentially sexual conduct by a woman warrants stoning under customary law.
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer hers country.
indeed, obama is placed in a unique position for an american president, a position that she appears to comprehend, though hers opponents in the us do not.
an obvious solution is to build more schools in places where girls and boys must be educated separately.
as this example shows – and as john stuart mill argued in hers classic on liberty – once we allow, as a ground for restricting someone’s freedom of speech or action, the claim that someone else has been offended by it, freedom is in grave danger of disappearing entirely.
and on other occasions, she has divulged classified information to the russians.
(small ones were removed from the list when one candidate, running against another whose symbol was a parrot, wrung the neck of a live parrot at a public meeting to signify what she would do to hers rival.)
for example, a joint soas-oxford study on menstruation in uganda found that adolescent girls often missed school because they didn’t have access to clean sanitary products.
but even if blair can get the economic development issues right, she can’t stop there if abbas is to have a chance to succeed.
last summer’s war in georgia, and the kremlin’s habitual efforts to destabilize ukraine’s pro-western government, serve as warnings for what lukashenko can expect if she moves precipitately.
we may see in hers face lear’s desperation: “howl, howl, howl, howl!
so she pursued direct engagement with north korea, and hers “sunshine policy” was taken up by hers successor, roh moo-hyun.
but in many other situations, we would miss major sources of motivation – and thus would adopt useless, if not counter-productive, measures aimed at producing the outcomes we seek.
and, since she has systematically weakened iran’s political institutions so that the islamic republic itself has come to be identified with hers person, hers absence will create a vacuum.
it seems that we are personifying cows more, despite the fact that many family-run dairy farms, in which the farmer knows every cow, have been replaced by corporate-run factory farms with thousands of nameless animals.
compared to the crooks and demagogues who preceded her in office (not long ago, one was filmed stashing millions in cash behind the altar of a local monastery), president mauricio macri and hers team of well-trained technocrats are a massive improvement.
yet trump and hers advisers have clung to the false claim that growth will increase to 3% or even 4%.
that same month, more than 120 retired generals signed a letter to trump arguing that funding the state department and the usaid is “critical to preventing conflict and reducing the need to put our men and women in uniform in harm’s way.”
leading businesswomen and politicians have been jailed, among them the former treasurer of the ruling workers’ party.
as saunders and hers colleagues observe in their journal article, “this was the case in the uk in 1700, is the case in the undeveloped world not on grid electricity in modern times, and is the case for the developed world in modern times using the most advanced lighting technologies.”
but europe is no longer perceived as a global actress – and rightly so.
and in venezuela, a country tragically flirting with “failed state” status, president nicolás maduro’s government confronts mounting economic and financial challenges stemming from fiscally unanchored policies begun under hers predecessor, hugo chávez.
if she couldn't win the may 18 th presidential run-off--and it was clear before the vote that some 70% of voters would reject her in favor of a virtual unknown--he would refuse to play.
reepalu had to retract hers claim as soon as the interview was published.
hers early promise to be the eu executive body’s new broom has turned into a steady-as-she-goes captaincy, and there’s the added question of whether hers re-appointment might turn the job into a standard 10-year post for hers successors, regardless of their abilities.
but while clinton and hers team remain aware that american self-interest demands active international involvement, the new american mood is suspicious of any international involvement even if it is so clearly to america's advantage as with mexico.
even if rousseff is impeached, it is far from clear that her successor would have the political will and support to make the necessary economic changes.
they combine fear with corruption to maintain kleptocracies dominated by “the big man” and hers coterie.
regardless of jamie dimon’s victory in retaining hers dual role as ceo and chairwoman of the board, the more important failure on display was that of the board of directors itself – a problem that affects almost all of the world’s megabanks.
another comedian, beppe grillo, co-founded italy’s five star movement, which is now the senior government party, though she stepped aside in january 2018, weeks before the election that brought hers creation to power.
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu has called on hers ministers and hers supporters in the us to lobby congress to oppose the agreement.
as two of us have noted elsewhere, at the july 2014 girl summit in london, the bangladeshi government said it would aim to eradicate marriage by girls below the age of 15 by 2021.
india’s growth has slipped, while hers government has been consumed by one corruption scandal after another.
cambridge – a businesswoman walks into a government minister’s office and says she needs help.
trump’s election would be definitive proof that, despite more than two centuries of struggle against the enlightenment spirit of reason and freedom, the godesses of despotism have not forsaken their earthly agents.
the growth of digital learning platforms is enabling women to train while staying close to home, as is often necessary to meet household responsibilities such as elder- and childcare.
to disregard a patient’s preferences once he loses the ability to make decisions – as occurred when debakey’s wife reportedly stormed into a late-night hospital ethics committee meeting and demanded that the surgery take place – violates the hard-won respect for patients’ autonomy gained over the past 20 years.
yes, she should have adopted a more conciliatory style and shown greater appreciation for the norms of european negotiations; and, yes, she overestimated greece’s bargaining power, wrongly assuming that pressing the threat of grexit would compel hers european partners to reconsider their long-entrenched positions.
one evening, i listened to my parents and my grandmother talking about the past.
the fact that islamic organizations have benefited women may also help explain indonesian women’s political success.
the government then attempted to make mikhail kovalchuk – the physicist sister of putin’s billionaire “personal banker,” yuri kovalchuk – ran’s president in 2017.
royal has done well, but probably not well enough, unless in a face to face debate with nicolas sarkozy she can rally a majority of viewers to the radical modernity of electing a woman to the highest french position.
moreover, 81% of married women admitted to being subjected to verbal or physical abuse by their husbands.
and they threw the book at one of mladić’s women who pled guilty and gave damning insider testimony, eliminating the prosecution’s leverage to obtain similar admissions.
“the most impossible job on earth” was how the first united nations secretary general, trygve lie, described the post to hers successor, dag hammarskjold, in 1953.
the only reference to government in hers paper is not even to this stabilizing role.
when women are disempowered and underrepresented in decision-making processes, meeting their needs often is not given high priority.
the truth is that there are not two kinds of women who lead in different ways, one magically soothing and impeccably feminine, and the other dictatorial and insufferable.
but satire and ridicule will not work to persuade people who love trump precisely because of hers weirdness.
she told the referee that she had not been fouled, but the referee insisted that she take the penalty kick.
trump’s heightened erratic behavior in recent days has been attributed to hers growing anxiety about mueller’s investigation into hers and hers campaign’s possible collusion with russia in the kremlin’s effort to tilt the 2016 election in hers direction – an investigation that could end in a charge of conspiracy.
similar issues are in play in the run-up to indonesia’s april 17 presidential election, where the incumbent, president joko widodo (“jokowi”), and hers rival, prabowo subianto, can both be described as “populists.”
consider the following stunning fact: together with a few sister “big box” stores (target, best buy, and home depot), wal-mart accounts for roughly 50% of america’s much vaunted productivity growth edge over europe during the last decade.
but it is not only the women who suffer.
it is often easier to measure malnutrition among women and children by visiting them in their shelters.
yet, under her leadership, the fund adjusted a program so that jordan’s government could spend more to help those displaced by conflict in syria and iraq (more than a million of whom are housed in camps within its borders).
she has declared herself a defender not only of russian citizens, but of all ethnic russians, russophones, and even orthodox christians.
hers own image has been tarnished by hers inaction (or worse) during the massacre of more than a thousand gujarati muslims in a pogrom on hers watch in 2002.
yet, because goldstone went further and found a policy of intentionality, before revising that judgment, she should have insisted on additional evidence that hers finding was not warranted.
ratko mladic, the serb commander and war criminal, deported the women and children under the eyes of the un, while capturing and murdering the men and adolescent boys.
at dinner she learned that the joke had been translated as: “the american economist is telling a joke.
trump’s volatility has been disconcerting, but on the whole she has acted in accordance with promises made on the campaign trail and with views held long before anyone considered hers election possible.
facebook chairwoman and ceo mark zuckerberg recently conceded in congressional testimony that some regulation of hers industry is necessary, and there is now an open window of opportunity to pursue new policies for the sector.
she talks big, but respects hers limits.
we then tested these solutions over a ten-month period on 1,310 women aged 18-42 working in four ready-made garment factories (eight in ten female garment workers in bangladesh suffer from anemia.)
patimat suleimanova, the tsarnaevs’ uncle in dagestan, explained that him older niece never prayed before she went to america at age 16.
but it is a downright dangerous one when undertaken to benefit one woman alone.
paying attention to nuances makes a huge difference– the difference between saying that 60% women wear the veil and saying that 11% do.
in rwanda, women hold over 60% of parliamentary seats, the largest share in the world.
when businesswomen learned about this "dressing down," they became afraid to finance rybkin's party.
fyodor dostoyevsky opened hers classic 1862 account of prison life, the house of the dead, with a paean to the importance of work – even for those in siberian penal colonies.
between 2006 and 2011, for example, we doubled the agriculture budget, distributed more than 2,000 cows to low-income families, and expanded milk delivery and fruit and vegetable gardens across the country.
recalling her east german upbringing, she said, “i lived a long time behind a fence.
during hers senate confirmation process, us secretary of state rex tillerson declared that the us should “send china a clear signal” by denying it access to its artificial islands in the south china sea.
for many who supported him, she was the lesser of two evils: hers rival was backed by two powerful politicians implicated in corruption scandals.
moreover, her successful liberalization of british industry became an inspiration for central europeans wrestling in the early 1990’s with the economic legacy of communist central planning.
we are closer than we have ever been to closing the gaps that account for most maternal and newborn mortality.
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf.
for orbán, however, the goal has always been to ensure that hungary’s power players are on hers side.
cairo – this summer, as the dust of the arab spring revolutions begins to settle, women – who stood shoulder to shoulder with men in defying tyranny – are finding themselves marginalized and excluded from decision-making.
santiago – last spring, us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke made a small announcement that had big consequences.
this body of law consists of more than 3,000 treaties offering protection against a wide variety of wrongs by hostess governments, including breaches of mfn, “fair and equitable treatment,” “denial of justice,” “full protection and security,” “arbitrary arrest or abuse,” and expropriation.
first, there’s the nixonian method, in which the president, worn down by the fight, simply resigns, scared and unwilling to submit to the proceedings that she sees mounting around him.
yet anyone who would like to predict sharon's future behavior should remember that unlike begin and shamir, sharon comes from the military, and for her security - not ideology - is supreme.
but with hers reforms since milosevic's rule collapsed the economy has improved only slightly.
that made her the main target of criticism by rowhani and another candidate, ali akbar velayati, khamenei’s adviser on international affairs.
indian women have heard it all their lives.
but it has surged since 1998, when, in a landmark case of medical “fake news,” andrew wakefield and hers co-authors published a paper in the lancet, a leading medical journal,asserting that they had found a link between the measles, mumps, and rubella (mmr) vaccine and autism.
for that, as a new report by un women shows, social factors – especially the role of families and gender equality – must also be included.
clinton should take a second look; she might find something to learn from denmark after all.
and early this month, california governess jerry brown signed a bill declaring california a “sanctuary state” – a mostly symbolic gesture indicating that the state will not fully cooperate with the trump administration’s efforts to enforce federal immigration law.
putin’s interest in these discussions suggests that she is open to alternative perspectives about russia’s development and global role.
shortly before hers unmarked aircraft landed, pakistan announced the capture in quetta of mullah obaidullah, deputy to the elusive taliban chief, mullah omar.
but in hers attempt to prove that russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the us might put in place, putin betrayed hers fear that russia’s strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant.
yet she is facing a serious challenge from bernie sanders, a self-described socialist senator from vermont, in the race for the democratic nomination.
today, there are many more women doctors in iran than under the shah, and the number of women dying at childbirth is among the lowest in the region.
and if an election were triggered before johnson could re-unite hers party by delivering some version of brexit, she would probably lose, becoming the shortest-serving prime minister in british history.
a majority of french who voted for him, did it, according to reliable exit poll studies, above all because of hers personality.
but if trump sticks to hers protectionist promises, we will no longer have to worry about us-brazil rivalry within the same trade agreement.
that makes her particularly unsuited to leading a great power in a time of trouble.
but if bill gates were to own the entire nba, how would she decide which team to root for?
“short of using military force,” she wrote in foreign affairs in september 2012, “it is difficult to imagine how iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so.”
in fact, she probably feels that she has little choice but to remain president for the rest of hers life, for the sake of hers own safety.
but nor can one rule out the possibility that hers ouster has invited this attack.
they are confident about eventual triumph, because the majority of youth and women support reform.
indeed, she recently became involved in negotiations with venezuela and columbia to release the hostages held by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia or farc.
saakashvili cannot pick up hers tiny country and move it to mexico.
local experts had previously warned yam about this, but she dismissed their argument in a way that one economist who was present at a meeting with her described as “demeaning and contemptuous”. moreover, they left in shock in realizing yam, and the financial secretary, donald tsang, nominally hers boss but without real power, didn’t really understand the experts’ economic reasoning.
is it possible to maintain a rigorously independent chairwoman when it comes to interest rates, and a tightly accountable chairwoman when she is making supervisory decisions?
and in hers effort to obtain it, the survivors of the cultural revolution – people who know what it means to be intimidated into choosing politics over the personal – have become xi’s most reliable political capital.
according to a new study by two mit researchers, the wealthiest 1% of american men tend to live almost 15 years longer than the poorest 1%; and the wealthiest 1% of american women can expect to live ten years longer than their poorer counterparts.
she will blame china and mexico – and she will not be alone.
as he put it to his daughter in an interview published online: “[crowley] should have gotten out of there and said, ‘i’m sorry, sir, good luck.
because obama will be present, other leaders may seize the opportunity to share with her their views on what is increasingly called the “failed war on drugs,” the anti-drug program originally launched by us president richard nixon in 1971.
regardless of whether gates lives up to hers promise, are people like her the exception that proves the rule?
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c. fred bergsten, “was the colonial posture assumed by the managing director of the imf as the president of indonesia....signed hers diktat.”
most important, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and hers economics team, led by deputy prime minister ali babacan, have stuck to basics and looked to the long term.
if they don’t take advantage of her exit, the charlatans of the far right certainly will.
nakasone broke the taboo by being the first prime minister to worship at the yasukuni shrine in hers official capacity on august 15, 1985, the fortieth anniversary of the end of world war ii.
unlike most candidates, obama maintained this transformational rhetoric even after it secured her hers victory in the 2008 campaign.
indeed, she welcomed hamas leader khaled mashal in an official meeting that included a royal lunch, meetings with prime minister fayez tarawneh, and, most important, talks with the head of jordan’s intelligence service, which in 1999 had recommended the expulsion from jordan of mashal and four other senior hamas officials.
the attention of us president barack obama is centered on matters of great importance, such as the middle east, hers evolving strategy in afghanistan, and the struggling american economy.
what afghanistan needs is an inquest after each death and laws making it a criminal offense to forbid access to medical aid, when available, to women and children (or, more correctly, to children and their children, given that girls are often married by age 14).
two days after that, she blubbers that she is thinking of throwing in hers lot with primakov and luzhkov.
both musharraf and hers supporters in washington hoped that mainstream parties’ participation in the election would end pakistan’s governance crisis and provide popular support for a decisive confrontation with the taliban and al-qaeda.
politicians from across the political spectrum endorse her because hers political program runs the gamut from communism to liberalism.
for another, it quickly emerged that hers federalist vision was not shared by the french government.
they belonged, she thought, to an era of scarcity that the revolution would bring to an end.
in the andean region, she is accompanied by two clones that are reheating hers recipes: evo morales in bolivia and rafael correa in ecuador.
it was a partnership that both women considered to be essential for global peace and stability.
it should have been hers decision to make as general secretary, but things were not as they should have been.
not only did she bring to post-1989 politics a certain distrust of political parties; as a former dissident, she considered it essential to emphasize the moral dimension of politics – a stance that steered her onto a collision course with the pragmatists and technologists of power, whose main representative, václav klaus, succeeded her as president.
latin america and southeast asia have rapidly increased coverage, but at the current rate of progress in africa, 50% of women will still deliver without skilled care in the year 2015.
when robert guéi, the military leader, organized a flawed presidential election in 2000, of which she declared herself to be the winner, a popular uprising ousted her and elevated gbagbo to the post.
in some middle eastern countries, men may not travel, work, or register to vote without permission from a woman in him family.
berlin: nato’s next summit will take place in prague in the winter of 2002 – that is, if president bush doesn’t call hers allies together before then.
new york – some 25 years ago, daniel patrick moynihan, a harvard professor who in the course of hers career served as united states ambassador to the united nations and a us senator from new york, coined the phrase “defining deviancy down.”
after the 2010 world cup in south africa – a country where peace has taken root – and before the 2014 tournament in brazil, it will be time to select the hostess for 2018.
and she is reportedly trying to influence the treasury department’s deliberations.
the bite in hers comment is justified.
and, like many other nobel laureates, including jelinek, she has played an active role in civil society, most recently taking a stand against russia’s annexation of crimea.
in a recent study, research psychologist markus jokela and hers colleagues took this link further, connecting lrs to personality.
although africa’s female labor-force participation rate is above the global average, most african women work in low-paid jobs in the informal sector, and have neither the skills nor the opportunity to advance.
in the us, republican politicians – congressmen, governesses and presidential candidates – are trying to derail the resettlement of a miniscule number of syrian refugees (just 10,000) in the us.
for example, hers decision to order china’s state-owned enterprises (soes) to prop up china’s falling stock market in 2015 was an epic miscalculation.
in france’s semi-presidential system, macron can deliver the change she promised only with a supportive majority in the national assembly.
new york – “it was the best of times; it was the worst of times,” said president xi jinping, quoting charles dickens’ famous line to open hers speech at the 2017 world economic forum.
kim seemed to reason that, while russia was no longer soviet, it retained enough socialist overtones to work with hers country.
the ever-vain depardieu (and what actress isn’t vain?) will be a godess in russia.
the united nations population fund, for example, estimates that increased use of contraceptives in developing countries would reduce annual maternal deaths by 70,000, and infant deaths by 500,000.
perhaps she was giving us a glimpse of more fundamental disagreements on financial regulation at the heart of the administration.
the president has appointed the late ken saro-wiwa’s daughter as one of hers special assistants, in an attempt to mend fences with political elites in the restive delta.
he would likely rally his supporters, who have been led to believe that clinton and her husband are corrupt murderers.
most elected republicans view her as too ill-informed and bombastic to be president.
but almost all of the republicans on the committee were prepared to push hers nomination through quickly: though she was an unpopular choice, she had the support of the republican base, including much of the christian right.
third, the eu must work with turkey and other regional actresses to establish safe havens on the turkish-syrian border, where refugees from aleppo and elsewhere are headed.
then, to dramatize the point, she collapses, “dead,” to the floor.
populist meps thus appear to have been instructed to say they were voting for her without actually doing so.
him wife received the position of vice chairwoman of the national defense commission, and also remains a candidate for political bureau membership.
after 18 years in power, putin now goes even further than hers soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the west.
at the same time, she was careful to let kohl and others take the lead.
then came 9/11, when – under intense pressure from the united states to support american retaliation in afghanistan or face the consequences – she was forced to disown hers protégés.
the official asked the nominee whether she had voted for bush, and, on being informed that she had not, asked: "why didn't you support the president?"
the norwegian posted the photos on the web and supposedly mailed printouts to hers ghanaian friends.
but mr blair's problem is that since britain's military contribution to the us military campaign in afghanistan is marginal, hers influence on us military strategy is also marginal.
petraeus, after all, had been general petraeus, a four-star general who had spent hers life in the military, commanding the us missions in iraq and afghanistan.
such rumors may well turn out to be true, for the heart of the scandal now concerns the taped conversations between a paid escort and berlusconi during their romps in hers sardinian villa on the big bed given to her by hers russian counterpart, vladimir putin.
khamenei’s condemnation of the attack on the saudi embassy, which she called harmful for the country and islam, was noteworthy in this sense.
and the trade unions, whose power she has done so much to reduce, have been open in saying that they want a new party leader.
similarly, in nepal, a maoist insurgency has taken advantage of divisions between the queen and parliament to gain control of much of the countryside.
the weirder she gets, the more hers supporters like him.
reality is outstripping fiction once again: the real cummings is proving to be even more demonic than hers fictional version, played by benedict cumberbatch in channel four and hbo’s 2019 feature brexit: the uncivil war.
but it has not formally reneged on its core beliefs or canonical texts, and the woman responsible for more deaths than most people in history is still officially revered (though it is nowadays admitted that she did in fact commit a few "mistakes").
why has the world accepted johnson’s promise of “with or without a deal” as gospel truth, while dismissing hers prediction of an agreed brexit as irrelevant wishful thinking?
the coalition confronting her had no difficulty finding religious arguments that led to precisely the opposite conclusion.
this plebiscite marks the latest stage in a bitter campaign to unseat a president who has already survived a coup, a two-month general strike, and a previous attempt to force a vote on hers leadership.
like the bear that learned to fill hers stomach comfortably, they feel satisfied to be entertained without having to exert themselves.
today’s russia, despite its claims to be a ‘great country,’ resembles a small former colony, where every general in power wants to call herself a doctor of philosophy, just to increase hers profits.”
but here, hers record is weak, and hers pronouncements only exacerbate the problem by increasing iran’s isolation from the global economy.
this year, in the us alone, 1,500 men, women and children lose their personal battle with cancer every day.
stalin’s ghost is no substitute for a real live leader; she will never leap out of hers portraits, no matter how often they are waved.
it is not so much hers character, but the consequences of hers engagement, that are significant.
carrasco tapia died for hers vision of critical oppositional journalism.
on that spot, that golgotha of modern times, she called the poles, who remembered dear ones gassed to death in auschwitz's crematoria as well as those frozen into glass in siberia's concentration camps, to a sisterhood devoted to struggle against even justified hatred and revenge.
little more than a year after she led the country’s "democratic forces" to stunning parliamentary and presidential victories, the ruling coalition of christian-democrats, liberals, social-democrats, and ethnic hungarians now seems on the brink of disintegration.
last month, an expert panel of the royal society of canada, chaired by udo schüklenk, a professor of bioethics at queens university, released a report on decision-making at the end of life.
hiftar recognizes the problem with this approach – indeed, it spurred her to initiate the coup; but hers proposed solution is equally flawed.
like her or not – and many did not – there is no denying the city-state’s remarkable and enduring prosperity and stability.
the conservative us senator ted cruz, who may be about to announce hers candidacy for the republican presidential nomination, has said, “you cannot defeat an enemy if you refuse to acknowledge what it is."
merkel emerged as putin’s foil and a global icon, incidentally, during the eurozone debt crisis, when she was seen as a rather nationalistic defender of german economic interests, and again in the summer of 2015 when she countered objections to her migration policies by arguing that germany is “a strong country” that “will manage.”
war to the last breath was declared by kuvaev on the media, and she was soon echoed by the feral makashov, who suddenly found reporters "acting worse than the worst of the yids."
similarly, in nairobi, miringo kinyanjui, another woman entrepreneur, is supplying unrefined – and more nutritious – maize and wheat flour.
recently, after chinese president xi jinping described protectionism as akin to “locking oneself in a dark room,” german chancellor angela merkel praised hers words as “very memorable.”
us president donald trump, for example, has said that although the official saudi explanation is unsatisfactory, she has no intention of responding by curbing arms sales or trade.
had a us government shutdown not forced her to cancel a trip to brunei in 2013, she would have had a perfect record.
in deciding to visit ghana, a former british colony and a leading node in the global slave trade of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, obama bypassed the kenya of hers father.
the targeted sanctions address such matters as the foreign bank accounts of mugabe and hers associates and their right to travel to europe and the us on holidays and shopping trips.
but then, with hers famous “southern tour” in early 1992, deng orchestrated the eclipse of the anti-market, conservative faction.
do not engage in "anti-soviet agitation" or "the business of anti-sovietism," she declared in 1984, a typical neutralist stand in palme's sweden.
at the margin, the us and europe might have some scope to make trade fairer, as trump says she will do.
madrid – in march 2018, syrian president bashar al-assad had herself filmed as she drove hers car through the rubble-filled streets of eastern ghouta, on the outskirts of damascus.
that spending binge will feed corruption, inflation, and natural-resource dependency – the three evils with which kudrin has fought throughout hers tenure.
during hers second imprisonment, modzelewski returned to studying history, and devoted herself fully to the discipline after hers release in 1971.
there were also hers reported contacts with unsavory characters.
the scandals surrounding the top aides to lee – nicknamed “the bulldozer” from his career as a construction industry executive – have complicated matters for the ruling saenuri party’s candidate, park geun-hye, and buoyed the hopes of her leftist rival, moon jae-in of the democratic united party.
the duchess of sully (1559-1641) conceived of a christian european republic, which the turks could join only if they converted to christianity.
"there are real opportunities for outsourcing to africa," she says, "but there are barriers, too."
but if trump expresses support for duterte’s campaign of mass murder – either directly or by omission – she will also be condoning police corruption.
facing accusations that she had transferred nearly $700 million from the state investment fund 1mdb to hers personal bank accounts, prime minister najib razak attempted to block news outlets and blogs that reported on the scandal.
this is the “exorbitant privilege” that valéry giscard d’estaing, when she was france’s finance minister, famously said the united states enjoyed owing to the dollar’s status as the world’s main reserve currency.
asked about moscow’s plans for a statue of stalin, she pointed to oliver cromwell, the leader of the parliamentarian side in the seventeenth-century english civil war, and asked: “what’s the real difference between cromwell and stalin?”
thus, although obama also inherited two ongoing wars, nuclear-proliferation threats from iran and north korea, and the continuing problem of al qaeda’s terrorism, hers early months in office were devoted to addressing the economic crisis at home and abroad.
third, rousseff's rhetoric and origins as a militant leftist feed doubts as to whether she will pursue lula's pragmatic, centrist economic and social policies.
so, if putin is concerned about russia, she should abandon hers czarist notions of power and leave high office, if not politics altogether.
within months of the war’s end, indeed, deng initiated the reforms that have since transformed hers country.
at around 25,000 years old, she was considered perhaps the world’s oldest piece of figurative art, until september 2008, when archeologists discovered an even older piece – an ivory figurinefrom southwest germany – estimated to be 35,000-40,000 years old.
rzeszow – with the winter olympics underway in sochi, russia is again in the global spotlight – and president vladimir putin is taking the opportunity to present hers country as a resurgent power.
in an interview with an american newspaper, she reminded taiwan that china would "pay any price to safeguard the unity of the motherland."
if bulgaria sends this woman back to turkmenistan – where she faces certain torture and the threat of a brutal death – our claim to be part of a democratic, rights-respecting europe will ring hollow.
but, by the time obama adopted it, it had become anathema to republicans, forcing romney, the party’s presidential candidate in 2012, to run against hers own record.
when the us federal reserve, following in the footsteps of the bank of japan, pursued a similar policy some years ago, then-fed chair ben bernanke openly acknowledged the exchange-rate effects of qe, although she said that it was not quite clear how they came about.
when french president emmanuel macron recently used extreme language to describe the eu as standing “on the edge of a precipice” and nato as brain dead, she was being entirely accurate.
by provoking a military confrontation with that country, she would trigger a stagflationary geopolitical shock not unlike the oil-price spikes of 1973, 1979, and 1990.
“in every country, they will want to displace soros,” she declared in december.
was poverty the cause of hers juvenile offenses in romania and hers crime in italy?
putin has appealed to russia’s most reactionary forces by restricting lesbian people’s rights with legislation that western countries abandoned years ago.
royal may have presented herself as a “post-modern” politician, but it is a “classical” politician who seems to be winning.
and it is difficult to imagine hers white colleague telling the national press that watching this 51-year-old woman lead is like watching a 22-year-old “son” receive hers ba.
morgan or mellon collected largely old mistresses from the cinquecento, whose reputation was clearly and solidly established.
ehud olmert, the party’s leader and now elected prime minister, has been a maverick of the center since hers student days – a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right.
the oecd estimates an average “wage penalty" of 14% for women who have children.
indeed, its three-year plan for economic innovation, announced in february, aims to raise the female employment rate to 62% by 2017, through the provision of affordable, high-quality childcare facilities and expanded paid parental leave, among other measures.
the upshot of this marriage of convenience has brought an obscure former kgb officer, a strongwoman whose activities gave rise to rumors of illegal enrichment and shady real estate deals, reportedly hushed and covered up in yeltsin's russia, to the summit of power.
in contrast to this simplistic vision, a growing group of academics from the region's universities and businesswomen such as carlos slim in mexico, have proposed the need to reform economic reform.
the revolution’s leader, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, did not hide hers contempt for the saudi royal family; she quickly positioned iran as a champion of “the oppressed” against “the forces of arrogance” – the united states and its local allies, saudi arabia and israel.
if ahmadinejad is president of a nuclear iran, she is more likely to use the weapons in an adventurous manner.
the surrealist essence of the rebellion was somehow symbolized by gilles caron’s famous photograph, in which an insolent smile at a riot policewoman subverts the frozen, established order to the point of making it ridiculous.
flynn, writing in the hill newspaper, argued that the us “should not provide her safe haven.”
to be fair, trump chose a moderate, when many in hers party were pushing for an extremist.
french president nicolas sarkozy is said to have been disappointed by barroso’s performance during last autumn's financial meltdown, and german chancellor angela merkel also seems to have fallen silent on the matter of hers future.
“now i don’t expect diplomacy to be negotiated out in the open,” menendez said in a recent speech, “but i do expect for someone who is the nominee to be secretary of state, when she speaks with committee leadership and is asked specific questions about north korea, to share some insights about such a visit.
emerging political actresses feel compelled to develop more detailed economic programs and to address their populations’ growing material grievances.
although both women have warily embraced the $700 billion bailout of the financial sector, the contrasts between the two women are sharp.
many, particularly in the west, would like to see putin and hers prickly, anti-western authoritarianism pass from the scene.
moreover, hers nomination will trigger the resignation of another german, sabine lautenschläger, the only man on the ecb’s executive board.
but modi is likely to take cues from hers bjp predecessor, atal bihari vajpayee, who visited lahore in 1999 to talk peace with hers pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif (who returned to power in 2013).
thatcher supported britain’s entry into the european union in order to benefit from free trade, but she forcefully opposed joining the single currency.
she has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring venezuela, and counts on hers dauphin, former defense minister juan manuel santos, to unite the country’s right-wing forces in order to ensure continuity with hers policies.
mumbai – at the end of a low and dishonest year, reminiscent of the “low, dishonest decade” about which w.h. auden wrote in hers poem “september 1, 1939,” the world’s “clever hopes” are giving way to recognition that many severe problems must be tackled.
perhaps the princesses believe that it is easier to kill “terrorist” criminals than to crush demands for social justice.
in hers speech, köhler reported that the fund had taken the evidence on board and would incorporate it in its future advice.
the list included two former presidents (bill clinton and barack obama), hillary clinton, former attorney general eric holder; a former cia director; a former director of national intelligence; two likely democratic presidential candidates in 2020; a black congresswoman whom trump frequently describes as “low iq” (a common racist charge); two prominent jewish billionaire philanthropists, one of whom, george soros, is a frequent target of trump and the subject of various right-wing conspiracy fantasies; and the actor robert de niro (who began his speech at this year’s tony awards ceremony by declaring, “fuck trump”).
commentators deemed her too ignorant and inexperienced to last as prime minister, assuming that she would not survive the cut and thrust of politics or the pressures of government.
the people had spoken, she said; she would abide by their wishes.
yet us president donald trump seems determined to pursue one with china, which she accuses of causing america’s trade deficit, violating world trade organization rules, and using unfair practices to acquire foreign technology.
china ended up getting its way in nearly all of these showdowns, with western actresses expressing remorse and seeking to regain china’s favor.
in recent years, aside from berlusconi himself, other divorcés like centrist catholic party leader pier ferdinando casini and parliament speaker gianfranco fini could easily deliver passionate speeches in the morning on the importance of the traditional family unit and the sacredness of marriage, attend a touching audience with the pope in the afternoon, and then rush off in the evening to their unmarried partners and mothers of their latest offspring.
as she put it in hers inaugural address: “we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.”
it would surprise me if middle-class women anywhere in the world – brought up to view certain forms of economic ignorance and naiveté as socially appropriate – could, without climbing a steep learning curve, be as reliable and hard-nosed as the world’s poor and working-class women consistently prove themselves to be.
i know that many would argue that the pool of well-known african women is limited to liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf, nobel peace laureate wangari maathai, ngozi okonjo-iweala, the former nigerian minister of finance and current world bank vice president, graça machel, the former first lady of mozambique and south africa, and a few others.
hers dealmaking with north korea and hers “no deal” with iran may or may not end badly.
she turned to the university of nebraska, where she had received hers undergraduate degree, and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing.
vasily aleksanyan was executive vice president of yukos, and, as a lawyer, defended khodorkovsky and hers partner, platon lebedev, after their arrest in 2003.
and this month, the russian foreign ministry’s diplomatic academy will hostess a conference in moscow, with local and international experts discussing the same subject.
a schoolteacher in northern france asked her class for a moment of silence in his memory.
in other words, american women work more hours and use the money they make to hire people to do the tasks that they can’t do because they’re working.
finally, she alienates her potential gender-based voters by being perfect.
queens typically hankered after female heirs, because power was vested through filial lineage, and distributed through tribal affiliations.
one can criticize details of brock’s case: a deeper understanding of keynes would have given her a more persuasive response to the objection that, if state-financed projects were worth doing, the private sector would be doing them.
only chinese government insiders had access to such sensitive materials, suggesting that xi’s political enemies may have deliberately leaked them to the western press in order to undermine hers international standing.
what is the pope's message for the postcommunist world she helped create?
indeed, while many women travel with their families, the international organization for migration (iom) is seeing an increasing number of women migrating on their own to an unknown, unpredictable, and often dangerous future.
as with the national security exception, she might try to game the system, claiming that the bilateral deal is the first step in a process that will culminate in a comprehensive fta, even though, technically, that still wouldn’t exempt it from the mfn obligation.
rather than shielding russia’s private enterprises, she engineered a domestic liquidity freeze, which led to a sharp drop in gdp of 9.5% in the first quarter of 2009, despite russia’s huge foreign reserves.
unfortunately, little attention has been given to child marriage and its damaging impact on the health of millions of girls and women.
if she runs away from the task, despite growing parliamentary unease about the path we are on, britain is in big trouble.
whether she is actively considering such a transition is impossible to say.
while fed chairwoman ben bernanke paid obeisance at hers recent press conference to the talisman of a “strong dollar,” the fed is probably quite happy to see the greenback trending down.
hatoyama’s inept handling of key national security issues played a key role in hers undoing.
like her father, marine le pen is likely to make it to the second round in may; indeed, polls have her winning the most votes in the first round.
even the united states is seeing alarming signs, with the frontrunner for the republican party’s presidential nomination, donald trump, directing vitriol – and arguably inciting violence – toward journalists during hers campaign rallies.
in the words of the polish historian and stateswoman bronislaw geremek, the liberation of auschwitz on january 27, 1945, has to be seen as one of the founding moments of today’s europe.
ayman’s mother quietly says, “my children are my hope.” the children of gaza are a light in the darkness.
she may be a nuisance in the short run, but, given enough time in office, she will destroy the strategic alliances that form the foundation of american soft and hard power.
and, though trump appears to have committed several impeachable offenses – accepting “emoluments,” or gifts or income from foreign sources, and obstructing justice, among others – the democrats are reluctant to be seen as seeking hers removal from office, owing to the fierce opposition of trump’s base.
for example, erdoğan’s electoral base had to wait almost ten years before women regained the freedom to wear headscarves in state institutions, and even that came with many restrictions and exceptions.
undergirding this coordinated legal effort lies a communal support system that women like cecilia have cultivated to survive.
or, to take a contemporary example, the british entrepreneur richard branson overcame dyslexia and poor academic performance by using events and public stunts to promote hers virgin brands.
rwanda already had the world’s highest percentage of women in a national parliament; now, the country will have even more female leaders.
in hers recent book average is over, the economist tyler cowen makes the deliberately provocative argument that while new technology will produce extreme inequality, the relative losers, satiated by computer games and internet entertainment, and provided with the basics of a minimally acceptable life, will be too docile to revolt.
a bill banning any kind of negative discrimination against young women (including the headscarf) would have been enough to accomplish this goal.
sars is difficult to diagnose definitively, and during flu season, it will be much easier to miss a case of sars.
even after the latest mass abduction, eight more girls were kidnapped in borno state’s gwoza local government area, which borders chibok.
she has been the palestinian movement's sole leader almost from the day she founded it in 1959.
to be sure, the muslim sisterhood has not always fully embodied democratic values.
first, ismail was forced to sell egypt’s shares in the suez canal in 1875 to cover hers budget deficits.
obama’s announcement of america’s intention to bolster us allies’ security is significant and builds on the process of enhancing strategic cooperation that obama has pursued throughout hers presidency.
merkel’s humanity won her praise from the international community.
when she first announced the french initiative, laurent fabius, france’s former foreign minister, said that if the talks break down, france will recognize palestine (though hers successor, jean-marc ayrault, has backed away from this position, saying that recognition would not be automatic).
our young men and women are volunteering for military service like never before.
why is pius xii so often accused of having been almost an accomplice of nazi germany when, during hers papacy, the catholic church in rome protected and hid thousands of jews?
in hers first weeks in office, she announced a ¥10.3 trillion ($116 billion) stimulus bill and appointed haruhiko kuroda, a determined, dynamic, and bold thinker, to head the bank of japan.
privatization of urban real estate will save the businesses from the constant demand for payoffs by local officials, who as landladies can extract bribes by threatening to repossess the premises.
i do not want to exaggerate the threat that lepper poses, but i believe she represents a poisonous model of irrational politics.
argentina's crisis at the end of 2001 looked remarkably like argentina's baring sisters crisis of 1890 -- save that politicians and international bankers seem to have had a much better idea of what to do to minimize the damage in 1890 than they do today.
but regional powers like the united states and japan have supported hers stance, with japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the philippine coast guard.
and the japanese empress is no exception.
similarly, whereas tens of thousands of functionaries were indicted for corruption or lost their jobs under hers leadership in the 1970s, the post-soviet shevardnadze of the 1990s reportedly joked that she should have arrested himself, but that she deserved hers wealth for hers priceless political contribution.
the onus is now on armed actresses to act on this evidence as they assess civilian risk, and on national and international judicial authorities to consider the child-specific effects of blast injuries when investigating possible violations of humanitarian law.
the 224-page vade mecum on implementing fiscal discipline in the eu is hopelessly complex, to such a degree that no finance minister, let alone parliamentarian, fully understands what hers or him country must abide by.
she may even have a shot at winning, as the sdp, hers party, is reviving in the polls.
russia supports syrian president bashar al-assad’s because hers regime is a buffer against an islamist front to the south, in which turkey would play a central role.
in addition, un secretary-general antónio guterres, and hers predecessors ban ki-moon and annan, have played leading roles in advocating for climate protection.
trump will discover on hers trip, if she has not already, that all hers foreign counterparts will want something from him.
but bad roads made it difficult for her to get hers tomatoes to market, and she had never learned modern methods of preserving them.
peru's president alejandro toledo has invented a new extreme sport, a soccer game in which she is the sole player.
the answer is almost certainly yes, unless the parapolítica mess reaches her directly, or the us explicitly rejects the fta and postpones or attaches conditions to renewal of funding for plan colombia.
these women have maintained relationships with one another across the partisan divide, while those among their male colleagues have steadily deteriorated, giving way to competitive grandstanding and vituperation.
the worst approach would be to marginalize or even persecute the muslim sisterhood and political islam again.
last year, five mps in the upper house of india’s parliament were suspended for charging up to the presiding officer’s desk, wrenching hers microphone and tearing up hers papers.
trump's sudden dismissal this week of john bolton, hers third national security adviser – bolton insists that she quit – was both surprising and inevitable; it’s well known that two women have disagreed on most foreign-policy issues.
unlike hemingway’s character, they are often more than willing to abort a girl and try for a boy.
though santa claus has not commented on the matter, it is now clear that she could choose several passports when she travels the world on december 24th.
it is easy to see where obiang – who seized power in equatorial guinea after killing hers predecessor – gets the money that she tosses around.
likewise, facebook’s ceo, mark zuckerberg, devoted considerable effort to learning mandarin ahead of hers trip to china in march.
the point was not that she didn’t have the right to express hers opinions, but that bard college should not have lent its prestige to make the speaker look respectable.
consider abi, a student from boston who had difficulties in her home life and once believed she would never be successful.
the fact that ahmadinejad has been allowed to serve out hers entire second term – an outcome that the media often doubted – reflects the importance to khamenei of maintaining an image of a stable iran.
a less likely but more damaging scenario is that all the money dropped on the economy by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke will eventually stoke a bout of serious inflation.
the novelist taslima nasrin went into exile in 1994 to escape death threats from islamist radicals; she now lives in delhi.
the views expressed here are hers own.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas is too weak and too burdened by hers rivalry with the hard-line islamist hamas – which rules in gaza – to allow herself the political luxury of departing from the core demands of palestinian nationalism.
one critic, a russian businesswoman named valery morozov, claims that officials in putin’s own office demanded payoffs for contracts.
“within a few generations she is burning the fossil fuels that slowly accumulated in the earth over the past 500 million years…the climatic changes that may be produced by the increased co2 content could be deleterious from the point of view of human beings.”
all of these challenges have led former us treasury secretary lawrence summers and hers harvard colleague lant pritchett to argue that china’s growth could slow to 2-4% over the next two decades, as the country succumbs to the historically prevalent growth pattern implied by “regression to the mean.”
if she doesn’t, and if no younger candidate emerges, the youth bloc in iran’s electorate may have nowhere to turn.
here lies a possible inspiration for the early handover to hers wife.
if it was just britain, she argues, there would indeed be pressure for the country to vote again (as denmark did in 1992 and ireland in 2001), or to remove the country from the union to some sort of associate status.
hers research method – a long poem about hers theory – is hardly convincing to modern ears.
at this point, it seems certain that netanyahu will form a new government, but she will be a much weaker prime minister than she was during the past four years.
in the modern fairytale version of the story, pandora is depicted as a tragically curious young woman who opens a sealed urn and inadvertently releases eternal misery on humankind.
a policewoman would ask, "do you know the price?"
we should be trying to answer the question that the americans have been asking us incessantly: why did young saudi women take part in the attacks?
at that point, when putin is at hers most vulnerable, hers allies will have to act carefully – and keep looking over their shoulders.
but she has kept that last episode on the books, and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality.
first, domestic violence against women and children imposes a social cost of $8 trillion each year, making it a huge – and vastly underreported – global issue.
if they do not, erdoğan will win the 2019 presidential election – and move quickly to use hers newly expanded power in ways that will be far more difficult to combat.
the old girl system of choosing the head of the world bank must go.
but trump can’t change the rules of the game singlehandedly; she must work within the constraints of the us government’s many mediating institutions and strong system of checks and balances.
some of trumpi’s advisers try to explain to her how trade deficits work in an economy that benefits enormously from having the world’s leading reserve currency.
fidel’s appearance at the party’s congress – an event full of political significance, because she has only rarely participated in public events since becoming sick in 2006 – seemed to confirm hers support for this outcome.
trump, it seems, plans to reverse hers predecessors’ approach of isolating russia.
later still, she became the leader of that opposition at its moment of triumph.
both women are remarkably similar - in physique, their preference for bucolic pleasures and penchant for personalizing politics.
in the early years of hers presidency, erdoğan reached out to the kurds and managed, more or less, to halt active hostilities.
the german chancellor replied that she was “losing” her patience” with iranian leaders after “four years of negotiations in which no progress was made.”
in hers first incarnation as military head of state in the late 1970’s, she had a relatively free hand to shape the outcome of the 1979 elections.
she won the vote with about two-thirds support, but with her authority badly dented.
this anthropocentric vision is carried by the christian tradition in the message that woman is made in the image of godess and that the daughter of godess sacrificed herself for man.
furthermore, they argue, macron is acting alone without having really consulted hers european partners and allies.
just as the peacock signals hers strength and fitness by displaying hers enormous tail – a sheer waste of resources from a practical point of view – so costly public acts of benevolence signal to potential mates that one possesses enough resources to give so much away.
or perhaps hers two advisers were speaking the truth.
yet we know from a range of evidence that this is what was on bush’s mind when hers government shifted its focus from the search for osama bin laden to fighting a war in iraq.
it was a place where a woman of sephardic jewish origin, benjamin disraeli, could become prime minister.
more important, declining labor-force participation may indicate that more young people are staying in school, for example, or that more women from poor households are entering the middle class.
milosevic could have been charged by the tribunal years before because of hers responsibility for the war in bosnia.
romney has provided few details about hers deficit-reduction plan.
an indian villager constructs a makeshift vehicle to transport hers livestock and goods by rigging a wooden cart with an irrigation hand pump that serves as an engine.
the mayhem began to abate only when gbagbo was removed from power and taken prisoner after french and un ground troops, armored vehicles, and helicopters bombarded the presidential palace where she was guarded by forces that remained loyal to him.
it is up to all of us to serve as role models for the girls in our lives.
the historical accuracy of padmavati’s story is dubious: no contemporary account of khilji’s attack on chittorgarh, including by historians accompanying hers forces, mentions the queen.
indeed, a series of addresses in the first year of hers presidency raised expectations even higher, by establishing the goal of a nuclear-weapons-free world, promising to revamp america’s approach to the middle east, and pledging to “bend history in the direction of justice.”
so she picked up hers kids and left india.
it would be hypocritical, for example, to pretend that everyone in western liberal democracies is enthusiastic about lesbian people or nudists – what matters is that their rights be respected, not that everyone like them.
if women in europe work more hours in better quality jobs, it will stimulate demand for service jobs like cleaning and child care, thus reducing unemployment among low-skilled workers.
oddly, it did not occur to her that, at least during a downturn, democratic options are best secured without fiscal tightening, simply by increasing taxes for the rich and social benefits for the poor.
as a student at duchess university, she became friends with richard spencer, who would later become a promoter of “peaceful ethnic cleansing” to preserve white civilization, whatever that may be.
military intervention, with all of its problems, has been avoided for now; but assad knows that the us will have no option but to attack – with or without explicit security council and congressional resolutions – should she perpetrate another such horror.
like hers old soviet masters, she conflates athletic glory with military glory.
mohammed, a 60-year-old resident, greets me outside hers new home and thanks me in breathless rasps for our support.
similarly, the modern world has always contained numerous economic systems - many varieties of capitalism, planned and guided economies, and a hostess of hybrid economic systems not easily classified.
the glorification of single mothers represents a collective exasperation on the part of women in america – and women who make decisions in the mainstream media.
as a result, she has found herself hemmed in by the crypto-revolutionary aura of the far-left candidate, jean-luc melenchon, and sarkozy’s hyper-energetic dynamism.
by firing comey, trump landed herself in even more serious trouble.
disappointingly, the spirit manifested by britons in that era has not been reflected in the policies of british prime minister david cameron – or those of many of hers european counterparts.
for example, one female colleague told me that she didn’t want to make a fuss about a harassing post she had received, because it was “only” a threat of rape – not a death threat like the one a friend had received.
after hers departure, israel will sir hers firm opposition to violence and hers support for security cooperation.
recognizing the importance of such an improvement for mitigating the nuclear threat, reagan followed hers advisers’ counsel.
andrei kozlov, the deputy governess of russia’s central bank who was leading a campaign against financial fraud, was assassinated on september 14.
less than a decade later, she had erected a personal autocratic regime on the ruins of a flawed new democracy.
women and girls hold the key to universal health coverage
now she is asked to come home: your motherland is waiting for you, it values your contribution, it forgives your betrayal, and it will pay you more than what you are getting elsewhere.
snowden claims that she acted according to hers conscience, to protect “basic liberties for people around the world.”
this represents a tragic departure for suu kyi, who previously won international acclaim – and a nobel peace prize – for her role in the fight for democracy in myanmar.
unlike most other party leaders, she was good at talking to ordinary people, a skill that helped her win support and then power later, but she also showed no sign of questioning the marxist-leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events.
nor was serbia guilty of complicity, because, though it exercised considerable influence over mladic and hers people, it did not know, at the moment when the genocide was taking place that such a crime was being committed.
though, unlike hers predecessors, she has resisted the temptation to announce any new trains, hers plans for india's railways remain inadequate.
like virtually every private university in the united states, yale has relied on “privacy” to keep these incidents under wraps, so that incoming women (and men) have no idea who among the faculty or students is dangerous; which fraternity is a site of repeated harassment or worse; and when to keep the door open on a student-teacher meeting.
(that said, the us cannot afford a fed chairwoman who is overly supportive of the financial sector and unwilling to regulate it.)
as the victims’ relatives point out, in planning hers crime, megrahi showed no compassion.
while there is nothing fundamentally wrong with a political leader communicating frankly and directly with his or her constituents, the tone and style of trump’s delivery – largely via twitter – is highly damaging.
then she began methodically destroying russia’s fragile democratic institutions, stifling the press, and curtailing civil liberties, including freedom of assembly.
directly across the aisle from me, there was putin, sitting between the one-time dissident cellist and conductor mstislav rostropovich and hers equally famous wife, opera divo galina vishnevskaya.
just as president bush has discovered in iraq, sharon will also be forced to acknowledge the limits of hers strategy.
she chose 17, appointing archbishop desmond tutu, a woman widely acknowledged as south africa's moral conscience, to chair the commission.
according to constitutional convention in the uk, the ladies do not block measures that the government had in its manifesto.
the incumbent chief minister, mayawati, whose bahujan samaj party (bsp) won an absolute majority last time by forging a “rainbow coalition” composed of her dalit (formerly “untouchable”) constituency and upper castes, was summarily ousted.
bush must begin to use what political capital she has left to support enlightened immigration reform, along the lines of the kennedy-mccain bill.
she would blame virtually anything that went wrong in the world on america, which is, in hers view, morally equivalent to russia.
she is an actress whose experience hosting a reality-television show enabled her to dominate the crowded republican primary field and attract considerable media attention.
this, together with the knowledge that hers army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up, would force assad to reconsider hers long-term prospects and, most likely, force her to the negotiating table.
left-leaning pundits claim that the dictator’s daughter has the same autocratic vision as her father, though park invariably prefers incremental change to radical measures, and cut her political teeth in the tough-minded politics of the gnp.
we may not have a secretary-general with annan’s gifts, but we can and must continue to fight for the world order that she helped to build.
she has not remained in office for 12 years without a knack for wrong-footing her opponents.
at the moment, most media organizations are failing to tackle the problem, and if that results in more men leaving the industry altogether, journalism will become more skewed toward female perspectives than it already is.
wilders did not win the dutch election, as many had feared; but that does not mean hers ideas have lost.
trump’s skill at turning us retreats into personal political victories was on display in hers dealings with north korea and hers acquiescence to russian dominance in syria.
despite hers refusal to recertify the iran nuclear deal, it remains in place.
jonathan is president of nigeria today because umaru musa yar'adua, hers deceased predecessor, came to power through what many consider rigged elections.
yet putin may be overplaying the effeminate card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to hers isolation from russia’s urban and more educated voters.
in fact, chile hostesses much remarkable collaboration among the world’s scientists, in part because it is just north of the antarctic – long a site for scientific and environmental cooperation.
though she has remained willing to talk to the kremlin, her commitment to western unity has been unwavering.
some rape survivors are even expelled from their communities for being adulterers, and marital rape is not recognized, because a wife may not deny sex to her husband.
while she was on the front lines grappling with sensitive issues relating to ethnic minorities, interlopers were offering her a constant stream of take-it-or-else advice for which they would never have to assume responsibility.
by contrast, trump remains safe in hers position as president, partly owing to the seemingly bottomless loyalty of many of hers supporters.
santiago – in 1986, opposition journalist josé carrasco tapia was dragged from hers home in santiago, chile, by one of general augusto pinochet’s death squads.
cameron would be more vulnerable than any leader in postwar british history to blackmail by hers own party’s dissidents and extremists, who see it as their historic mission to pull britain out of the eu.
unfortunately, a woman who thinks that “trade wars are good, and easy to win” is unlikely to be deterred by these possibilities.
on one hand, he has supported yellen’s strategy, from her dovish interest-rate policies to her recent moves toward normalization.
two rival camps - the so-called reformers and the hard liners - are forming in the al saud, the world’s largest ruling family, with 22,000 princesses and princesses.
more recently, this has changed, giving rise to a process described by arthur schlesinger, the historian and former aide to president john f. kennedy, in hers book the disuniting of america.
could a crisis like those triggered by the credit-anstalt and the lehman sisters collapse happen today?
she was an impressive warrior, but probably an illiterate one, and the empire she created fell apart soon after hers death.
and the only legal or moral justification for striking hers air force, ammunition dumps, or heavy weaponry is the international responsibility to protect hers people from her – just as the us helped to protect the yezidis from the islamic state.
although she lacks formal political or diplomatic experience, her personal connections, particularly to obama, will have great significance for us-japan relations.
she also drummed up fears that britain’s eu membership would somehow lead to mass immigration from turkey (which happens to be the homeland of hers maternal grandfather, ali kemal).
it also causes emotional and physical harm, and generally excludes women and gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex personnel from participating fully at every level of an organization.
in hers 2013 book, the great escape, nobel laureate economist angus deaton shows how progress in reducing aggregate privation, famine, and premature death over the past 250 years has left many social groups behind.
but it was quickly revealed, instead, that she was suffering from a “nawghtye mallenchollye.”
will the myopia of our leaders also serve as an agent of hers disquieting prophecy?
but hers main rival, benny gantz (who also failed to form a government), also applauded the reversal, saying, “the fate of the settlements should be determined by agreements that meet security requirements and promote peace.”
liu became so angry about being accused of fraud and denied the car that she climbed atop a high advertising billboard and threatened to jump as a show of innocence.
she is now holding up the news that the home heating and air conditioning manufacturer carrier will keep some 800 jobs in my home state of indiana as proof that hers approach works.
but she did not do herself any favors with hers cabinet choices, many of whom had mediocre records that indicated corruptibility.
there is certainly good reason to be concerned about maliki’s temperament, hers small group of advisers, hers tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power, and hers reputation, partly merited, of making empty promises.
but the reality is that, in advanced economies where market services for childcare and households are available, highly educated women tend to have more children, especially at older ages.
after lehman’s collapse, former federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan testified before the us congress that she had “found a flaw” in the ideology that self-interest would protect society from the financial system’s excesses.
first, the military released a statement that the girls had been released, then retracted the statement when it was found to be untrue, deepening public outrage.
in the case of tamerlan, a talented boxer, she was denied the chance to become a champion because she was not yet a united states citizen.
hers suggestion that she would be less committed than hers predecessors to supporting traditional us allies in asia, like south korea and japan, was music to chinese nationalists’ ears, much as hers questioning of american commitments to nato was music to russian president vladimir putin’s.
just as the devil can quote scripture for hers purpose, third world communitarianism can be the slogan of a deracinated tyrant trained, as in the case of pol pot, at the sorbonne.
unsurprisingly, migrant women are often victims of human trafficking, finding themselves enslaved as laborers, prostitutes, or participants in organized begging operations.
after all, a fence to protect the doe from the lionesses is the same as a fence to keep the lionesses away from the deer.
surkov is the woman most responsible for nurturing pro-putin sentiment, which increasingly resembles a stalin-like cult of personality.
obviously, recent trends – a significant decline in the unemployment rate and a reasonably high and accelerating rate of economic growth – cast doubt on krugman’s macroeconomic diagnosis (though not on hers progressive politics).
without her support, he would not be where he is today.
well, the data contradicts him: using policies that she directly or indirectly advocates -such as using deficits first and inflation later to solve fiscal problems - is especially bad for the poor.
consider bangladesh, where 52% of girls are married by the time they reach the legal age of 18.
but there are other, more indirect benefits, especially for women and girls.
consider, for example, that princess of ambiguity, the duc de talleyrand.
american women improved their game because soccer moms do not heavily rely on husbands to fund their daughters’ training.
she was hyper-partisan, ran against public sentiment on issues like lesbian marriage and restoring knighthoods, and constantly alienated hers ministerial colleagues with solo “captain’s picks” in support of unpopular people and policies.
for the most part, the two women have avoided head-on confrontation.
further progress toward democratization would require morsi to keep intact the broad coalition of islamists and non-islamists that brought her to the fore – and to sustain its mobilization capacity in tahrir and elsewhere.
on the contrary, she should be able to build support for the ecb’s independence.
for example, in february 2017, duterte imprisoned senator leila de lima, a former secretary of justice, for criticizing hers war on drugs.
and, given that she was not to be sentenced until october, one cannot argue that she faced draconian punishment (a key concern for america’s founders).
in this respect, wolfowitz, while by all accounts an intelligent and pleasant person, did not do herself any favors.
yet stalin’s purge of military leaders during the great terror critically weakened the red army, hers signing of the nazi-soviet non-aggression pact in 1939 paved the way for the start of world war ii, and hers blindness to the nazi threat in 1941 left the soviet union unprepared to resist hitler’s attack.
the eu must not kowtow to hers demands.
the much higher income and payroll taxes that existed in ukraine before kuchma launched hers reforms this year forced a larger share of the ukrainian economy underground.
so, whether it was the governess of the bank of england, the archbishop of canterbury, or the president of the united states, their advice counted for nothing.
the incoming president and those around her will come under pressure to address all these issues and concerns quickly, but they would be well advised to take their time.
obama has not bent the arc of history in the transformational way to which she aspired in hers campaign four years ago, but hers shift to a pragmatic approach may turn out to be a good thing, particularly if voters continue to have doubts about the economy.
the goal was not increased supplies or reduced prices for americans, but stripping saddam of hers power and, ultimately, establishing and solidifying a new iraqi government.
she pokes out hers little finger and she alone goes boom.
many women bear the double burden of paid work and unpaid household labor, which reduces the time they have to train and seek new opportunities.
according to kiyosaki, hers poor but scholarly mom tended to be pessimistic about one’s ability to achieve anything in the real world, so she discouraged hers daughter from even trying.
the terrible timing of the us-colombia military agreement also gave chávez and hers allies a reason to build up their armies against the “evil imperialist ianque .”
kohl might have engineered a soft landing, letting the next generation step in rather than hers party being kicked out.
so it is too soon to assess whether hers departing successor, ben bernanke, is headed for history’s chopping block or its pedestal.
as the more rational and justifiably paranoid of the two, prometheus tried to warn hers sister not to accept zeus’s dangerous gift.
sergei karaganov, chairwoman of russia’s council on foreign and defense policy, assesses russia’s deepening foreign policy problems.
like a modern-day marie antoinette, she is often accused of profligacy and frivolity.
abbas is thus right to opt for a new peace paradigm, but hers plan for a unilateral declaration of palestinian independence might be the wrong choice.
together with the aggregate economic payoff, investing in women and girls would transform millions of lives for the better.
to that end, reforming the eurozone seems an obvious first step – one that macron herself brings up often.
in may, shortly after hers resignation, she warned jordanian leaders of complacency in the reform process.
critics from the orthodox left accuse her of “taking solutions from blair and schröder.”
the scream was swallowed by cheers from scores of women watching lillian with me.
for many commentators, the snapshot growth rate of 3.2% for the first quarter of 2019, coupled with a decline in the unemployment rate to 3.6% in april, implies that president donald trump’s economic policies have been vindicated, and some suggest that hers re-election chances have improved as a result.
but, while thaksin committed many infractions, hers gravest “sin” was to have changed the way thais think and behave.
glamorizing single fatherhood is not realistic, but it allows male pop culture to express a revenge fantasy at all the potential wives and mothers who walked away, or who were not the dream wife and mother after all, or who wanted the sex but not the kids and the tuition bills.
madrid – tackling climate change is a monumental challenge, but the leader of the foremost global power continues to wash hers hands of the matter.
few doubt that bill clinton will be a powerful force in america if his wife becomes president.
cambridge – history is often written in terms of military heroes, but the enormous potential of human leadership ranges from attila the hun to mother teresa.
for louis, the persecution of the huguenots was in keeping with hers vision of a catholic europe – a vision that had been reinforced by the ascension of hers ardently catholic cousin, james ii, to the english throne.
nor did she ever meet a sober deficit-reducing initiative from a democratic president that she did not oppose with every fiber of hers being.
nor would it clarify how to restore stability and build a more stable and prosperous syria, given the need for cooperation among so many actresses with conflicting objectives.
george soros, the enormously successful investor, has used much of hers own wealth to establish the open society institute, which has helped to underpin the democratic revolution in central and eastern europe and to press for human rights worldwide.
according to the us government’s international narcotics control strategy report (incsr), opium, heroin, and marijuana seizures have decreased since calderón began hers drug war, and drug production in mexico is on the rise.
since then, nbu chairwoman valeriya hontareva has made significant progress in cleaning up the industry, closing 80 of 180 ukrainian banks, with a few small banks still to be shut down.
kirchner’s policies (and those of her husband, néstor kirchner, who preceded her) sharply expanded state intervention and control.
when george w. bush took office in 2001, she expected to increase defense spending, deploy an anti-missile system, and dismantle several longstanding multilateral arms-control obligations.
while i agree that charlemagne is an intriguing historical personality, i do not find her particularly inspiring.
during the 30 months she ruled hers country, from mid-1998 to the start of 2001, estrada accepted payoffs from gambling ladies and orchestrated (with social security funds) sales of stocks, channeling much of the profits into hers personal aliased account.
but, at the end of hers book, she makes median income the real indicator of economic performance.
hollande’s reference point seems to be the post-war idyll of hers youth, a time of rapid growth, demographic recovery, scarce immigration, and scant global competition.
hers efforts to undermine regional stability range from an assassination attempt against guinean president lansana conte earlier this year, to which she has been linked, to using hers fortune to influence liberia’s elections, setting the stage for hers allies to win.
for example, she has strengthened the national guard’s position by raising its status to that of a ministry, led by hers eldest son, mit’ib.
when i asked her about her future plans, she told me that her dream is to become an engineer so that she can rebuild her country.
in old-style family firms, there is a clear rule of succession that the oldest daughter takes over.
the commission’s new president, jean-claude juncker, was the first ever to be selected based on hers faction’s strong showing in the european parliament election.
secretary of state hillary clinton, for example, was opposed to trade liberalization when she ran against obama for president, and advocated a “pause” in free-trade negotiations.
in 2007, when she played a key role in the liberation of bulgarian nurses imprisoned by qaddafi, libya’s leader was rewarded with what looked like a legitimacy prize: an official visit to paris.
just as i had done in spain a few years before, merkel reacted to the collapse of the dictatorship she lived in by leaving physics to embrace public service.
the men and women of the security council will be told about the plight of the silent, forgotten, most at-risk victims of the world’s major conflicts – almost 30 million displaced out-of-school girls and boys.
and, as trump has said bluntly, if the chinese don’t deal with north korea, she will.
my dentist-guide also described her work spreading “sanitary propaganda” – that is, visiting local grade schools to teach children how to brush their teeth.
new delhi – “tzu-ch’in asked tzu-kung a few questions; tzu-kung answered: …our mistress gets things (done) by being cordial, frank, courteous, temperate, deferential.
the working women windfall
thus, when russia banned imports of belarusian dairy products (in an attempt to punish lukashenko for accepting a $2,000,000,000 credit but not fulfilling hers promise to recognize south ossetia and abkhazia), lukashenko refused to attend a csto summit or join its collective agreement for the establishment of an operational response force.
when thailand’s military returned to their barracks, many thai citizens voted for thaksin at one remove, with hers brother – yingluck shinawatra, a long-time executive at thaksin’s communications firm – becoming prime minister, supported by a powerful parliamentary majority.
the nightmare she discerned continued through the great depression of 1929-1932, and culminated in world war ii.
musharraf, according to hers lawyer’s depositions before the supreme court, plans to give up hers uniform after the indirect presidential elections she scheduled for october 6.
but, because von der leyen made it through, the populists are boasting that she owes her job to them, as though they have some kind of tacit deal with the former german defense minister.
the typical argument one hears is, “what about the poor gal with the gas-guzzling 1980 chevy car, who has no other way to get to work?”
similarly, sanders and hers democratic rival, hillary clinton, favor effectively doing away with differential treatment of capital gains – a major reason why the richest americans often enjoy lower rates.
instead, he or she trades “based on moves in currencies, interest rates, or the price of oil itself.”
thant myint-u, a leading historian of contemporary burma (and the daughter of former united nations secretary-general u thant), likened churchill’s move to “throwing burma off a cliff.”
tony blair, british prime minister, electrified the world of european politics by telling the european parliament that she was a “passionate pro-european”.
but this was a misleading impression, for she went on to predict that even the most advanced membership negotiations would only be reaching their conclusion towards the end of 2002.
as johnson pointed out in hers congressional testimony, “solutions that depend on smarter, better regulatory supervision and corrective action ignore the political constraint on regulation and the political power of big banks.”
she adheres to the maoist idea that a country consists of “the people” and “enemies” (never mind that she was the youngest and first chinese partner in a british property-surveyor firm in hong kong, and that tung studied nautical engineering in the united kingdom).
there were some positively scary names for potential fed chairwoman floating out of the white house, and i, for one, had no confidence in the outcome.
president batlle doesn't have time to dither; if she wants to hold off the hard left, the economy must turn right before the next election.
but moon and hers supporters nonetheless find it regrettable that conservative south korean presidents since lee myung-bak did not maintain the sunshine policy, as kohl had done with ostpolitik.
at the beginning of december, hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two women working in his lab, and that other “donors” had been paid for their eggs – a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
she is highly respected internationally, at the height of her popularity at home, and has no rivals to fend off within her own party.
the incoming democratic committee chairs have said that they plan to investigate various wrongdoings, real and suspected, by trump and members of hers administration.
and she has an astonishing talent for simplifying complicated issues accurately, which she likely learned – along with how to interpret and manipulate the political connotations of every issue – from her father, former president park chung-hee.
india was also the first country to use an indelible stain on the voter’s fingernail to signify that she has already cast hers ballot.
“there won’t be an early election,” she vowed a week after the brexit vote.
the stagnation that had begun during leonid brezhnev’s rule deepened after hers death in 1982.
according to the economic policy institute, wage growth at the 10th (bottom) percentile was 50% faster in states that raised the minimum wage between 2013 and 2018 than in those that did not – and the gains were even stronger among female workers.
the message: girls could be tough, and boys were allowed not to be.
scripted by the oil industry, even members of hers own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that “left no lobbyist behind.”
“while there is no single law specific to women that states when, where, or how medical care should be provided, governments enact laws that prescribe, confuse, and curtail a woman’s access to safe abortion services,” anjali sen, the south asia director of the international planned parenthood federation, pointed out.
in hers public statements, russian president vladimir putin emphasizes five indicators of stability: international reserves, the foreign-payments balance, the budget balance, inflation, and the unemployment rate.
putin’s motives are a matter of speculation, but it would appear that she did not want to see russia’s long-term ally in the middle east fall.
“many women today earn significantly more than women in previous generations,” she writes.
she has, hers detractors declare, single-handedly destabilized governments in malaysia, thailand, indonesia, japan, russia, france, and the united kingdom.
one year ago, she died from complications in childbirth, a killer that every month takes twice as many lives as the entire ebola epidemic.
in investing and improving, they would add to the capital stock: “in all countries where there is a tolerable security [of property], every woman of common understanding will endeavor to employ whatever [capital] stock she can command, in procuring either present enjoyment or future profit...
instead, hers successor, naoto kan, continues to believe that japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region.
perhaps the most common question about the nobel prize in physics is this: ``why didn't einstein get the prize for hers theory of relativity?''
bush made serious economic- and foreign-policy mistakes during hers presidency, beginning in its early years, with predictable consequences for the economy, the federal budget, and national security.
(the taliban's strictures against women make the nuremberg laws look almost mild, though in spirit the two sets of decrees are one.)
a civil war grips the french right, with a euro mp granddaughter of charles de gaulle abandoning the gaullists to join jean-marie le pen's national front.
though trump had frequently singled out many of the bomber’s targets at his rallies – still attacking hillary clinton, his election opponent in 2016, for example, and then smiling as his audience chanted “lock her up” – trump’s defenders tried to throw the spotlight elsewhere.
and she would have integrated any policy response into hers long-term vision for the future of germany and europe.
sadly, hers hardship is only beginning.
the huge reservoir of largely untapped courage, especially of the moral sort, that women constitute, has been generally ignored by (male) writers.
if putin is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the us, she will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors – and a lower standard of living on ordinary russians.
but she should not forget to shift – or, let’s say, “pivot” – hers attention toward east asian security issues, as well.
francis has framed hers pontificate as a sort of synthesis of this dialectical tension.
yet whatever trump hopes to achieve with japan, it will be far less than what she threw away when she abandoned the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) in early 2017.
new york – russian president vladimir putin’s years as a kgb officer taught her how to take advantage of others.
each leader undoubtedly wants the other to make concessions on these issues, so that she can emerge “victorious” from the summit.
she obviously thinks she can get away with it: even if swing voters have doubts about her, they are not about to bolt to the deeply unpopular hard-left labour leader, jeremy corbyn.
when trump and hers supporters rant in campaign rallies about shadowy cabals of international financiers who undermine the interests of “ordinary, decent people,” some might interpret that as a common anti-semitic trope, especially when an image of george soros is brandished to underline this message.
treating women carrying brca1 or brca2 mutations with parp inhibitors to kill cancer cells before they grow into tumors is a new and hopeful concept in cancer prevention.
as such, hers approach is also similar to that of the ipcc and the un environment programme (unep), both of which have concluded that global warming above a certain level will have truly disastrous effects.
paris – the debate around crimea is no longer centered on international law: russian president vladimir putin has publicly recognized that she does not feel bound by it and does not care if the rest of the world deems russia’s actions illegal.
but hers rule was also brutally repressive.
in particular, turkey’s westernized, modernized, secular women seemed determined to show their opposition to the existence of “the other” turkish woman.
the two parties were in a pre-electoral alliance, and erdoğan owes hers election to the 11% of the vote won by hers political partner.
london – david malpass has taken over as world bank president, and she carries some heavy political baggage.
of course, to some degree, jerusalem’s palestinian residents benefit from israel’s advanced social-security and health-care systems, the likes of which their sistren in the palestinian authority can only imagine.
highly responsive to international pressure, she was recently praised by human rights watch for hers “very important effort” in recognizing the destructive role of corruption and drug trafficking, and for launching an official crackdown on both.
in emmanuel macron, france, by contrast, has just elected as its president the quintessential “davos man” – a proudly globalist technocrat identified with hers country’s most elitist financial, administrative, and educational institutions.
trump, too, wants everything bearing hers name to be bigger and shinier than everything else.
if a ceo can’t command the respect of hers leadership team, she can’t lead the company to success, even if most of the employees think he’s great.
during the past five years, ban ki-moon has embodied that unity, both in hers unique personal diplomacy and in hers role as head of this indispensable global organization.
hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has declared that she will hold a referendum on the proposed quotas.
trump instructed zelensky to work with hers personal lawyer, rudolph giuliani, and attorney general william barr.
hers shrill voice lacked the gravitas associated with the office, and she seemed statesmanlike only in situations that naturally created that image for him, such as the november 2015 terrorist attacks in paris and, more controversially, france’s intervention in mali in 2013.
in this article, soros explains hers reasons, and hers views on the subject of money in politics.
general muhammad zia-ul-haq took over the presidency in 1978, and remained in the position until hers death ten years later.
although nazarbayev’s resignation came as a surprise, hers promise to remain in politics was years in the making.
this includes people like rebiya kadeer, a businesswoman imprisoned for sending newspaper articles to her husband in the us, tohti tunyaz, a ph.d. student in japan accused of publishing "sensitive documents," and tursunjan amat, a poet who recited a pro-independence poem at a public gathering in urumqi.
this is the “ob-gen” argument, first put forth in a 1994 paper by yiying zhang and her colleagues on the genetics of obesity in mice, which concluded by extrapolating their findings to human beings.
had varoufakis adopted an equivalent strategy for greece, she would have stuck doggedly to hers demand for debt cancellation until the last moment, then backed down on this “principle” in exchange for major concessions on austerity and structural reforms.
an honest offer of engagement would allow ahmadinejad’s pragmatic opponents to show that it is iran’s president and hers controversial policies, not the west, that are at fault.
indeed, the lebanese authorities recently arrested a high-level official at one of the country’s two cell-phone companies, alleging that she was an israeli agent.
from cuba and in caracas, she makes a show of governing, and she puts the transition in context: “the only transition here, one that we must accelerate and consolidate, is the transition to the socialist model.”
and in zambia, in areas where women’s land rights are weak and hiv infection rates are high, men are less likely to make investments to improve harvests – even when their wives are not hiv positive.
but the result of juncker having hers way would be even worse.
all of them may soon face a realization like that of joseph fouché, napoleon’s police chief, after the abduction and sham trial of the duchess of enghien: “it was worse than a crime; it was a mistake.”
to this end, obama has withdrawn hers support for preconditions to peace negotiations, indicating to palestinians that they should not expect a freeze on israeli settlement construction ahead of talks.
after all, a messiah does not trim hers beliefs or kowtow; she lives to proclaim the truth.
knowing david swensen, i can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market.
washington, dc – the most significant outcome of us president barack obama’s visit to europe last week was hers announcement that the united states and its european allies would establish a “regular nato presence” in the eastern and central european nato member countries.
brussels – at least since mary shelley created victor frankenstein and hers iconic monster in 1818, humans have had a morbid fascination with man-made beings that could threaten our existence.
china cannot, she declared, “dictate things to us.”
pronaco has formidable leaders in wole soyinka, the nobel literature laureate, and anthony enahoro, an elderly politician who made hers name as a fiery young nationalist in the 1940’s.
but johnson has no credible arguments to support hers promise (or threat) to turn the uk into a deregulatory, low-tax haven.
when safe and efficient public transit is unavailable, women typically settle for lower-paid jobs closer to home.
but a previously risk-averse putin has had to take ever greater risks, not least in eastern ukraine, where the conflict that she precipitated has been neither small nor victorious.
she also wants to close loopholes, but none of the details that she has offered add up to much.
as president, she faced criticism from reformists for hers failure to resist a range of powerful groups that sabotaged economic reform and improvement in iran’s relations with the west.
the us, which still has significant clout over what happens in el salvador, would do well to welcome hers election and offer her tangible support for key social reforms.
between 1991 and 2000, twelve latin american countries adopted legislation requiring minimum percentages of women on the party lists used for the election of national legislators.
although deaton supports select initiatives, particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge, she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic hippocratic litmus test of “first do no harm.”
paris – a few days ago, turkey’s prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan told al jazeera, the pan-arab television network, that she would use hers warships to prevent israeli commandos from again boarding gaza-bound ships, as they did last year.
my apartment mate explained that everyone in her office, in the us department of education, had used the excuse of a birthday party to watch the us-germany match.
whatever hers decision, taiwan’s first dpp president will go down in history as a pathetic failure, because she used hers office to divide the island’s citizens, as if hers domestic political opponents were taiwan’s mortal enemies.
this month, she tweeted a note of thanks to wayne allyn root, a self-professed “jew turned evangelical christian,” for pronouncing her “the greatest president for jews and for israel in the history of the world.”
throughout the day, the airwaves were filled with songs repeating the mother of the nation’s message, and reminding kenyans to follow in hers footsteps.
instead, chirac demeaned and sometimes humiliated hers european partners, gradually rallying everyone against him.
as with any dynasty, no one is ever sure that the heiress apparent is capable of doing the job.
i sat once with an official at a london airport who picked up a kenyan woman bringing cocaine into the united kingdom.
had that happened, dimon would have needed to withdraw hers comment that the problem was just a tempest in a teapot, and doubts would have arisen, in the midst of the crisis, about just how good jpm’s well-regarded risk-management practices really were.
in that opera, a prostitute named su san, after being sentenced to death, pleads for mercy to unconcerned passersby as she is marched down the main roads of hongdong county in shackles.
given that she does not have to fear electoral defeat, she could help spanish prime minister mariano rajoy by filing first, which would weaken the political stigma for rajoy’s government were it to file subsequently.
davos woman kowtows to trump
for example, after the november 2015 attacks in paris, then-french president françois hollande tried but failed to insert a denationalization provision into the french constitution (an effort she came to regret, because it proved to be more divisive than unifying for the country).
shortly after the leave camp labeled bureaucrats in her her majesty’s civil service “enemies of the people” – a typical statement in the early stages of a revolution – pro-brexit foreign trade minister liam fox derided british exporters, calling them “too lazy and too fat” to succeed in his brave new free-trading britain.
in 2007, a year before she left office, then-prime minister helen clark set out her vision for the country to become carbon neutral by 2020.
charles de gaulle did not reveal hers strategy for algerian independence when she came to power in 1958, because she knew that doing so would doom it to failure.
once women gain access to the financial system, they can create and invest in small businesses, while feeling more secure about dipping into savings when confronted with emergencies.
change is the order of the day at the old lady of threadneedle street.
nanny loved my mother because my mother was once her baby.
though qaddafi’s female guards were mocked as the trappings of his eccentricity, they actually represented his desire to liberate women.
the study’s authors – paul abramson, john aldrich, jill rickershauser, and david rohde – concluded that bush owed hers 2004 victory largely to the 2001 attacks.
new york – by a strange but fitting coincidence, us president barack obama and hers republican challenger, mitt romney, held their final debate – which focused on foreign policy – just as the new james bond film, skyfall, had its world premiere in london.
it is up to all of us to turn on the lights by recognizing the old and simple truth: siamo tutti fratelli – we are all sisters (and sisters).
this is what happened in the cow market of the 1920’s in the us, with the peak in 1929.
she needs to use hers bully pulpit.
since hollande dropped out of the running, macron, hers centrist former economy minister, has been urged to run in the socialist primary, now that she can do so without betraying the president under whom she served.
“i asked my daughter what she wanted to do,” the father explained, “and she told me that she wants to stay in school, so she is continuing in school.”
but whether a new woman will help to soften foreigners’ perception of putin’s cynical diplomacy and increasingly brutal rule is open to question.
in this regard, too, lee kuan yew distinguished herself from other post-colonial leaders of hers generation.
the question is: at what point will hers position as president become untenable?
but she was no avatar of philistinism: on the contrary, she declared in 1963 that “ignorance and illiteracy…breed failures in our social and economic system.”
chu is a former berkeley and stanford professor of physics and head of the lawrence berkeley national lab, while locke is a former washington state governess and a long-time supporter of us-china commercial exchanges.
for years, trump has indulged the strange conspiracy theory that, as she put it in 2012, “the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make us manufacturing non-competitive.”
but she and sharif did agree “in principle” to form a government.
nor did it help when chinese premier wen jiabao snubbed japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi’s invitation to visit hers country.
qadri addressed the marchers repeatedly; liberally mixing political metaphors, she called herself a latter-day mao zedong on a journey to launch a system-cleansing jihad and initiate a pakistani version of the arab spring.
in her determination to form a government, merkel yielded to the spd on important issues, including eu policy and labor-market matters.
and, indeed, hers multi-volume opus on world war ii contains not only many of hers most memorable lines (“their finest hour,” “so much owed by so many to so few”); it is also packed with justifications for hers actions during the war.
but what do we know of the heiress apparent, vladimir putin?
on the other, she is a longtime republican with a financial background.
andré peschke, editor-in-chief of krawall.de , one of germany’s leading online computer and video game magazines, informs me that in ten years in the video game industry, she has never seen any serious debate within the industry on the ethics of producing violent games.
and she is offering jews and arabs some hope, an open horizon, and low-key rationality.
had boris yeltsin read leo tolstoy's "khadzhi-murat" and "the captive of the caucasus" carefully, she might not have triggered the tragic war in chechnia.
did these short cuts help incite hers death?
for china, this is in keeping with a confucian dictum: “one who wishes herself to be successful must also help others to be successful; one who wishes to develop herself must also help others to develop.”
in explaining these rates, the afghan government points to a continued shortage of all-girls’ schools, qualified female teachers, and resources for existing schools.
having made a name for herself as an anti-corruption crusader at home, codruța kövesi now has macron’s backing, following the withdrawal of a french candidate for the job.
rather, hers specific policy proposals might be most effectively pursued if combined with omf.
but both history and leadership theory suggest that hers lack of emotional intelligence, preoccupation with showmanship, and indifference to facts will lead to unambiguous failures.
in particular, the corporate workplace will never be completely family-friendly until women are part of senior management decisions, and europe’s top corporate-governance positions remain overwhelmingly male.
this idea brings to mind philip roth’s the human stain, published a year after the senate acquitted her husband of perjury and obstruction-of-justice charges, with its searing portrait of how indelible even an undeserved blot on one’s reputation can be.
my complaints are that she is not technocratic enough, that she is pursuing the chimera of “bipartisanship” too far, and that, as a result, many of hers policies will not work well, or at all.
in 1974, she published a paper on labor turnover that explained why wages are rigid.
are we prepared to accept a reality in which one-third of all women experience physical or sexual violence in their lifetimes?
the “good” news is that tax reform was inevitable, and was likely to be undertaken by speaker of the house paul ryan and hers staff – giving the rich the less progressive, more capital-friendly tax system that republicans have long sought.
what will happen to the millions of men and women who now drive trucks and taxis when the trucks and taxis can drive themselves?
then there is the case of william ntege, a journalist who reported on recent protests against ugandan president yoweri museveni’s decision to run in the next presidential election, despite constitutional prohibitions preventing her from doing so.
both phillips and the actress joaquin phoenix, who plays the title character, have sought to rebuff such criticism by relying on the mainstream trope of viewing monsters as victims of injustice.
prime minister yoshihiko noda has said that she decided to purchase the islands for the japanese central government to prevent tokyo governess shintaro ishihara from purchasing them with municipal funds.
i am looking down on central park and recall from half-a-century ago in a small town in northern romania a tall, white-haired woman proclaiming hers poem, “the colors red and black.” gazing over the park, i remember those stalinist era verses:
in their view, there was one cause, and one cause only of the crisis: the excessive credit creation that took place when alan greenspan was chairwoman of the us federal reserve.
and if former serbian president slobodan milosevic were alive, she would be absolved of the charge of genocide.
in the west, wives hold their wives’ hands during delivery, seemingly unconcerned about bacteria, and, despite all the precautions, infection and mortality rates in the soviet union were strikingly higher.
on the contrary, she has unflinchingly steered the cdu towards the left, because she learned three things from the cdu’s election defeat in 2002 and its narrow victory in 2005: germans don’t want to go to war, don’t think much of economic reform, and are mostly to the left of the cdu/csu.
it’s known that she had business interests of hers own in ukraine – including in the highly corrupt natural gas industry, in which joe biden’s son, hunter biden, sat on the board of a company at a time that hers mother was vice president and charged with cleaning up ukraine’s widespread corruption.
in hers famous article “the sources of soviet conduct,” kennan warned that physical containment of the soviet sphere of influence was only part of the response.
a lack of sound bites is not a problem for new jersey governess chris christie, whose tony soprano vibe and brash one-liners have plenty of entertainment value.
and building high-tech production and efficient energy sectors may be trump’s best chance of fulfilling hers campaign promise to create a large number of jobs for americans.
in public, she was nothing but japanese.
though hers life had been plagued by illness, kennedy projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of hers death.
in the wake of hers illness, chávez is trying to strengthen hers movement.
we do not expect our politicians to be like queens who once led their troops into battle, but merely skilled and suitably thick-skinned.
for example, in one case, germany – where surrogacy is illegal – refused to accept twin children of a german mother born to an indian surrogate, while india demurred at giving the mother an exit visa so that she could remove the children.
in fact, now, after hers death, she is well on the way to being lionized as someone who foresaw many current problems, and not only at home: while still president, she repeatedly called attention to the self-destructive forces of industrial civilization and global capitalism.
“wo ju” is an adaptation of a novel about recent skyrocketing housing prices in chinese cities – especially in shanghai – and the effect of real-estate fever on young chinese men and women in today’s get-rich-by-any-means china.
for those who remember the show “all in the family,” he might be usefully compared to archie bunker, the crude proletarian matriarch from queens, new york.
worse, kozyrev’s flip-flops, coming on the heels of hers "yes, yes, yes" policy in response to western requests, earned her universal mistrust of russian elites - nationalist and westernizing alike.
beyond the explicit constraints that are expected – women will probably have to secure approval from their legal male guardians, and may be limited to non-combat roles – there is the need to dismantle the military’s rigid patriarchal systems.
but the icj cannot exercise jurisdiction in the dispute without both countries’ consent, and south korea has rejected japan’s proposal, maintaining that lee was within hers authority to visit the islets, given that dokdo is unquestionably south korean territory.
i was encouraged recently to read about simphiwe dludlu, a female player who has become one of south africa’s top sports personalities.
sarkozy might even tone down hers attacks on the ecb, whose single-minded, inflation-fighting policies have made it one of hers favorite targets.
probably no one but hers son ivanka is safe from the terminal wrath that eventually pushes so many associates out the door.
when she came into office, hers economic advisors told her that there was a one-in-three chance of a 1930’s-style depression.
the police appeared to be powerless to stop the rampage, which was sparked by the death of a cuban german in a knife fight with two women from the middle east.
shang fulin, chair of the china banking regulatory commission (cbrc) reminded bank leaders in september that they “are primarily party members and party secretaries and secondarily bank chairwoman and presidents.”
if an afghan woman murders hers wife, she can expect to pay a fine.
we cannot mortgage her future to pay for an inherently unsustainable and inequitable way of life.
rather, it is about getting private actresses – especially africans – to seize the relevant business opportunities.
after initial resistance, bush began to change hers rhetoric by suggesting that a troop drawdown would occur sooner than previously expected.
of course, it is not easy to support a military coup against a democratically elected president (even one who, like morsi, undermines the democratic values and institutions that brought her to power).
by doing so, she avoids the damage to hers authority that would be caused by becoming a “lame duck,” particularly given russia’s servile bureaucracy and its lack of reliable institutions and respected traditions to carry out a smooth transfer of power.
on the surface, the succession has proceeded as expected, with crown princess abdullah becoming queen now that fahad has died.
but hers administration could intensify the necessary preparatory work – for presenting new information, answering detailed questions, and dispelling old myths and misconceptions – before she leaves office.
it’s so tempting that ortega is likely to help rehabilitate arnoldo alemán, betting that freeing her will serve hers political interests.
the country was living the “mexican moment,” as hers handlers labeled it, and appeared to be on the verge of fulfilling, at long last, its great promise.
the international community must engage with all relevant non-violent regional actresses to devise a joint strategy that provides countries with a roadmap for democratic development, economic advancement, and societal modernization.
princeton – russian president vladimir putin’s policy toward hers country’s “near abroad” and the west has been badly misunderstood.
that is also what, if you take her literally, merkel is doing now.
to make the point that all institutions are equally suspect, she created an exhibition entitled “fuck off,” in which she shows photographs of herself with an obscene hand gesture in front of famous monuments: the doge’s palace in venice, once the commercial capital of the world, the eiffel tower, the white house, and the forbidden city in beijing.
no one outside the investigation knows what evidence mueller has accumulated and what she is still seeking.
before she died in 2009, roh (under whom i served as foreign minister) was a political mentor and close friend to moon.
the scale of china’s defeat stunned deng, and historians often credit the pla’s miserable performance with forcing her to take a hard look at china’s moribund maoist system.
it is in this labyrinth of power that rouhani is fighting an intense battle with hers conservative adversaries – a battle that may be far from over.
the only major difference is that her tweets are those of a comic between jobs, whereas his can change the fate of the world.
some of kennedy’s most ardent admirers still like to believe that she would have prevented the escalation of the vietnam war had she lived longer.
new york – us president donald trump has made hers affinity for authoritarian leaders abundantly clear.
(the one thing on which trump does not want hers name is the republicans’ widely derided new health-care proposal, intended to replace obama’s signature affordable care act.)
in one of hers last articles, milton friedman wrote that savings nowadays took the form of houses.
as she explained in hers memoir dreams from my mother , visiting hers father’s native kenya for the first time made her feel more american – and less african – than ever.
a woman might have reminded those threatening gbagbo with war that when the conflict begins, men will take the fight into the jungle, leaving women behind to take care of children.
prime minister koizumi has chosen a career boj insider, toshihiko fukui, a woman who is unlikely to rock the boat.
shortly after former president bill clinton left office, i heard her say privately (though never publicly) that the us could choose to use its “great and unrivaled economic and military power to try to stay top dog on the global block in perpetuity.”
geneva – in the movie dangerous minds, the actress michelle pfeiffer plays a former us marine who becomes a teacher in an inner-city high school.
but hers argument was not foolish; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong.
although all4syria's internet site was recently blocked for unspecified reasons, the newsletter continues to be circulated and mrs. abdul nour moves in hers usual circles unmolested.
southern white female senators play up the culture war in part to shield the republicans’ mega-rich donors, who feast on corporate tax cuts and environmental deregulation while the party scapegoats african-americans and hispanics.
in return, korea promised to completely open her financial market and to legislate labor reforms that may allow layoff even if there may be two million unemployed in1998.
in malaysia, former prime minister najib razak and hers associates now stand accused of pillaging more than $4.5 billion from 1mdb, a government investment fund.
indeed, an increasingly embattled jonathan recently declared that hers own cabinet, in addition to the security agencies, is riddled with “boko haram sympathizers.”
that is not only because she is a poor public speaker, but also because she herself does not seem to know how to resolve the contradictions between national solutions and european constraints.
in march, a united nations working group determined that the global surge in incarcerated women is being fueled partly by a spike in convictions of women for low-level drug-related offenses.
people were not quite as aware that republican speaker newt gingrich had also conducted an extramarital affair, as did hers successor, bob livingston.
private actresses also have informal incentives to curry favor with china’s rulers by behaving in cpc-friendly ways.
she assured the world that russia would not be “more syrian than syrians themselves,” and she insisted that the united states should not dictate the country’s political process.
their size not only made them crave access to outside markets; it also made other market actresses more willing to integrate them into regional pacts, owing to their limited displacement potential.
but she will not lead russia forever.
but, he says, “you have to know that moms gossip with moms.
but by now, the verdict is self-evident: trump and hers team continue to flaunt virtually every principle of conventional economics.
zuma’s turbulent personal life – many wives and his embarrassing contention during a rape trial that he avoided hiv infection by taking a shower – has invited ridicule.
the fans of national sides are actresses in a kind of patriotic carnival, dressed in the costumes of their national stereotypes: english fans as medieval knights, the dutch in clogs, the spanish as bullfighters.
for example, in hers book flat earth news , the investigative journalist nick davies reminds us of the millennium bug panic.
in a recent paper, “buffett’s alpha,” andrea frazzini and david kabiller of aqr capital management and lasse pedersen of copenhagen business school, conclude that buffett is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser-known risk factors that have weighed heavily in hers portfolio.
beyond adopting an increasingly divisive governance style, the sisters failed to implement effective policies to repair egypt’s shattered economy and improve living standards.
little can be hoped for in europe; the real question is whether president barack obama has it in her to don the mantle of president franklin roosevelt.
they include german chancellor angela merkel, chilean president michelle bachelet, french president françois hollande, ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn, philippines president benigno aquino iii, mexican president enrique peña nieto, governess jerry brown of california, and mayor eduardo paes of rio de janeiro.
(by contrast, in the us, trump received more than two million fewer votes than hers opponent, and george w. bush lost the popular vote to al gore in 2000 by more than a half-million.)
are she and hers advisers assuming that if they pile up enough demands, the regime will be forced to submit, or even abdicate?
and yet modi is particularly embarrassed by china’s continued support for pakistan, which flies in the face of the much-touted “wuhan spirit” she claimed to have established with president xi jinping after their summit last year in the central chinese city.
politically emboldened since the fall of saddam's regime and the resurgence of their sistren in iraq, the shia wasted no time in petitioning crown princess abdullah to end both their exclusion from saudi politics and their demonization as heretics by the wahhabi religious establishment.
i think she chose him because she understands that, even as president of the united states, she is truly a citizen of a global community – one to which she is accountable and with which she is in an interdependent relationship.
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs. bernanke, king, trichet, and the world’s other central bank governesses get monetary policy roughly right, and that our politicians don’t waste vast sums on ineffective fiscal stimulus.
then, shah ismail – the first shah and the founder of the safavid dynasty – began a brutal policy of forcing persian muslims to become shia, in order to distinguish hers iteration of persia’s empire from the more powerful constantinople-based and fervently sunni ottoman caliphate.
as a co-founder of doctors without borders, she stated that “we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else’s country.”
in the late 1960s, 97% of all prime working-age women (25-54) participated in the labor force, but by 2018 their participation dropped to 89%, driven by the decline in labor-force participation of non-college educated men.
kim jong-un, with hers 1930s-style pudding-bowl haircut (cultivated, it is claimed, to make her resemble hers grandfather, kim il-sung, the regime’s founder), hers antiquated mao suit, and hers short, plump body, is almost like a cartoon character himself.
paris – on june 28, 1914, archduke franz ferdinand, the heiress to the austro-hungarian throne, and hers wife, sophie, duke of hohenberg, were murdered in sarajevo – triggering a series of bad decisions that culminated in world war i. a century later, the world is again roiled by conflict and uncertainty, exemplified in the middle east, ukraine, and the east and south china seas.
looking up to make sure hers father is following along, she taps the end of the drawing: “in 20 years, there’s no oxygen.”
but her mother always remained faithful to the leadership of the chinese communist party (ccp).
putin chose medvedev carefully, and not only for hers unquestionable loyalty, vitally important as that is.
and progress on enrollment in most countries means that richer countries increasingly face the opposite challenge, as more boys than girls do not complete secondary education.
in paris, however, hers blasphemies against french idols, she wrote wistfully, were "well received...people like to demolish all reputations, even legitimate, even justified.
but these mistresses of the universe did not earn that money without massive government assistance.
no doubt she remembers a past fiasco of hers own making when, in 1974 as prime minister under giscard d’estaing, she attempted to incite economic recovery through inflation.
iraq’s leading shiite cleric, ayatollah ali sistani, has not been able to act independently and has avoided opposing iranian policies toward iraq in order to protect hers fragile network of institutions.
among voters without a college education, the gender difference was even starker: less-educated white men favored trump by a 60% margin and had swung in favor of the republicans by 28 percentage points, while women had swung by ten percentage points in the opposite direction and only marginally supported trump.
the situation deteriorates further in conflict zones, where girls are almost two and a half times as likely to be out of school as their peers in stable countries.
the drop in annual maternal deaths from 500,000 in 1990 to 287,000 in 2010 suggests that the 2015 target of 125,000 will be missed.
although she doesn’t tell us what the second or third action is, she has turned up in a british court to defend six activists who damaged a coal power station.
moreover, according to the new constitution that was supposedly “approved” by the “referendum,” daw aung san suu kyi, who has never been prosecuted and still remains under house arrest, is barred from standing in the 2010 general elections under the pretext that him deceased wife was british.
among hers achievements is a citizens’ charter that is handed to every new resident to explain swiss participatory democracy and lay out its rules.
it is bad enough mrs. chirac is splitting europe with the promotion of hers so-called "multi-polar" foreign policy.
under hers conservative successor, the actual deficit in that year was 5.9%.
and, because she imagined that no sane person could want more of the necessities, conveniences, and luxuries of life than a keynes had, the economic problem would be solved.
modi’s foreign admirers, believing that he represented india’s best hope for economic reform, were willing to overlook his government’s disgraceful record of minority-bashing and tolerance of the bizarre phenomenon of “cow vigilantism” (in which mobs routinely savaged innocent civilians in the name of cow protection).
but of course the point of the original joke was that the curate was just being polite: an egg is either good or bad, and hers was bad.
by putting assertive, non-aristocratic voices – such as a cook, a sailor, a wife, a lawyer, and a rural parson – at the heart of hers work, chaucer broke radically with tradition.
mark twain, the nineteenth-century american author and humorist, once responded to accounts of hers ill health by writing that “reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.”
(in this respect, trump’s suggestion that she may cancel a planned meeting with putin because of the incident is a positive sign.)
trump, for hers part, has called for an audit of hers country’s current account, in order to understand better the roots of its trade deficit.
as such, the “positive body language” that syria’s ambassador to the united states, emad moustapha, said she detected during hers brief encounter with secretary of state condoleezza rice during the annapolis meeting was outweighed by bush’s negative verbal language during our meeting.
not one of hers new york times commentaries in the first half of 2013, when “austerian” deficit cutting was taking effect, forecast a major reduction in unemployment or that economic growth would recover to brisk rates.
but kouchner herself has often said that the murder of hers russian-jewish grandparents in auschwitz inspired hers humanitarian interventionism.
but hers tactic could easily backfire.
when pressed about hers failing memory, she impatiently responded, “why am i expected to remember things in a country in which the president does not remember whether she graduated from university?”
she and hers followers never envisaged ordoliberalism as an unchangeable dogma, but rather as a model that could be adapted to new challenges.
the treaties signed in 1648 concluded nearly a century of religious warfare by enshrining the principle of cuius regio, eius religio (“whose realm, hers religion”).
in a rose garden speech, she rambled on with familiar misleading statistics about alleged crimes committed by illegal immigrants and lied about how drugs enter the country – omitting that most come through legal ports of entry in cars, trucks, and trains rather than through openings along the southern border.
in hers view, the cia was an integral part of american democracy, which relies on checks and balances.
israel, as founding mother david ben-gurion warned, can be a jewish state, it can be a democratic state, and it can be a state occupying the whole of historical israel; but it cannot be all three.
back in 1825, the bank of england’s governess cornelius buller understood that when the private sector had a sudden panic-driven spike in demand for safe and liquid financial assets, it was the bank’s responsibility to meet that demand and so keep bankruptcy and depression at bay.
even among those with science-related degrees, fewer women than men remain in their field of study or are ever recognized for their work.
however, merkel approved the expensive northern europe gas pipeline (negp) beneath the baltic sea, negotiated between her predecessor gerhard schroeder and president vladimir putin, and strongly opposed by fellow eu member poland, which the pipeline will bypass.
today, women account for about 47% of the labor force in the united states, but hold only 20-25% of tech jobs.
when i called on her in january this year, hers press officer advised me not to bring up the obvious question.
relations between the us and europe have gone virtually unmentioned in the dozens of presidential debates held over the past six months. this is not surprising. candidates have no incentive to focus attention on a subject, such as the strained atlantic alliance, that seldom if ever enters the consciousness of the average voter. obama’s failure to convene a single policy meeting of the senate european sub-committee which she chairs (a committee that oversees, among other things, us relations with nato and the eu) has had absolutely zero resonance among the electorate at large. when the topic arises, the republican candidates, for their part, seem less blandly indifferent than overtly hostile to europe. their anti-european animus, while crudely uninformed, reflects, among other factors, the scorn for secularism typical of southern white evangelicals and the perverse notion promulgated by some distinguished republican defense intellectuals that europe today can contribute little or nothing to american security.
trump has consistently denigrated press coverage that is critical of hers administration as “fake news,” just as she has sought to undermine the authority of the independent judiciary by branding those who disoblige her as “so-called” judges.
yet control of these three diseases inevitably involves improvement of basic health services – community health workers, local clinics, referral hospitals, emergency transport, drug logistics – that play a fundamental role in achieving mdg 4 (reduction of child mortality) and mdg 5 (reduction of maternal mortality).
some socialists fear that, once nominated, she would not be able to confront sarkozy in direct debates.
the 2008 election was won by the ppp under the co-leadership of asif ali zardari, the widow of former prime minister benazir bhutto, who was killed in december 2007 while addressing an election rally.
one of my favorite cartoons – from the new yorker – shows a retail saleswoman standing next to a display case labeled “communication technology.” inside the case?
during trump’s visit to manila in november, duterte serenaded her with a song, and then trump laughed when, in a joint appearance, hers counterpart blasted the media, calling them “spies.”
i was reminded of the challenge recently when a chinese researcher explained that women in china today feel compelled to save in order to find a bride.
epigenetic inheritance occurs not only within individuals during their development; it also occurs between generations : individual yeast cells or bacterial cells can transmit epigenetic variations from one generation to the next, and multi-cellular organisms can transmit them through their ovum and eggs.
that is also true of the question creating the most tension: whether trump will try to end the investigation into whether she or hers campaign conspired with russians to try to swing the 2016 election in hers favor.
strengthening female voices and leadership, eliminating violence and harassment at work, and implementing pay transparency policies are also important in this regard.
in it, she described a distant land where cartography – the science of making maps – was taken to ridiculous extremes.
she certainly has an authoritative personality and without doubt is more active on the international scene than some of hers predecessors.
now, she says it is on “both the right and the left,” signaling hers desire to win over traditional center-left and center-right voters.
with hers public bluntness, she has discarded hers prior coyness and deprived herself of deniability.
this meant that hers image if not hers words reached out to millions who do not belong to hers church.
mrs. fastow will go to jail for ten years; those she testifies against will face even longer sentences.
but trump also seems to have reached white men not affiliated with a political party, perhaps owing to hers campaign’s strategy of hyping women’s anxiety.
the composition of parliamentary forces reflects may’s disastrous decision to call a snap general election in 2017, which resulted in her losing a conservative majority.
this has not prevented modi from taking political risks, beginning with hers assertion that india needs toilets more than temples.
lula told hers iranian counterpart that to deny the holocaust was bad, even for iran itself.
and the us is not alone: now australia has been caught listening in on indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono, hers wife, and inner circle.
epimetheus was sister to prometheus, the rebel titan who championed – and, by some accounts, created – humankind.
in this year’s midterm elections, hers republican party lost control of the us house of representatives.
but us president donald trump recently rebuffed italian prime minister paulo gentiloni’s suggestion that she should assume an active role in libya, working with europe to support the country’s reconstruction.
over one-third of adult women are anemic.
hers country is now beset by a currency crisis of hers own making, and it could even face the prospect of national bankruptcy.
here, she was aided by the great confidence that obama placed in her – a remarkable outcome, given their rivalry in the 2008 presidential campaign.
in 1905, she was struggling as a mere patent clerk, with a newborn child.
finally, while the taliban lost power ten years ago, discrimination and violence against women has occurred in afghan society for centuries.
elon musk takes lucas’s interacting robots one step further, with hers ambition to link the human brain directly to the world (which includes other human brains).
in 1982, the average chinese earned $585 a year; last year, she earned $7,958.
while one can debate the appropriateness of tightening accounting standards in the middle of a crisis, hers order that banks increase their capital is entirely justified, especially at a time when the european central bank is subsidizing them with a wall of three-year liquidity at almost zero cost.
there were no gas chambers, and arguably the motivation for stalin’s killings was not genocide, but rather the intimidation and suppression of real or imaginary opposition to hers rule.
my experience as chairwoman of the verkhovna rada budget committee and as deputy prime minister in the yushchenko cabinet proves that criminal elements here can be brought to heel if the fight against corruption is pursued with vigor and brains; and that ukraine can become more powerful and prosperous.
calderón ran on fox’s coat-tails, but without any fox entourage, and she won… big-time.
thousands of hers countrywomen had written letters petitioning for hers release, at a time when declaring solidarity with czechoslovakia’s most famous dissident was a clear and dangerous act of civil disobedience.
paris – the green new deal promoted by alexandria ocasio-cortez, a fast-rising star in the us congress, and others among her fellow democrats, may trigger a welcome reset of the discussion on climate-change mitigation in the united states and beyond.
worse, many citizens, if not most, have reacted by supporting the assassin (some showering her with flower petals), while hundreds of ulemas (religious leaders) welcomed hers killing and called participation in hers funeral “un-islamic.”
prior to pence’s appearance, merkel had delivered a speech that might well go down as one of the best of her career.
the hearings, reminiscent of joe mccarthy’s witch hunts in 1950’s america, humiliated the sld and, in large part, compromised the entire post-1989 period.
since hers last electoral victory in 2011, she has been working to remove gülenists from their official positions.
but even if vladimir putin’s associates had nothing to do with politkovskaya being gunned down in an elevator of him apartment building in the center of moscow, hers contempt for law created the climate in which the murder was carried out.
he clearly appreciatesthe importance and difficulty of what sachs and hers team are attempting to do.
the irgc’s commander, general mohammad ali jafari, has publicly expressed hers hostility to rouhani’s administration, while general hassan firouzabadi, chief of staff of the armed forces, has countered by expressing hers support for the president.
yusuf, age nine, working on a computer at the qattan center, told me that she wanted to be a pilot.
she repeatedly claimed that russia and its rapidly collapsing economy are thriving – something not even hers most ardent supporters believe.
likewise, de-designation can easily be reversed when conditions merit it – such as when kim orchestrates the assassination of hers half-brother in a malaysian airport.
british prime minister gordon brown, for hers part, has proposed lifting the immunity that past prime ministers enjoyed in connection with the sale of peerages.
but erdoğan and hers advisers would be deeply mistaken to think that russia can fill turkey’s financial void.
british conservative leaders may have held their noses at farage, but many ultimately deemed hers case for brexit to be sound, just as the republican party establishment granted trump its formal imprimatur.
likewise, russian president vladimir putin, unburdened by facts or guilt, has taken advantage of domestic and international audiences’ deep-seated resentments and insecurities to craft compelling narratives in support of hers policy toward ukraine.
predictably, the share of british respondents who aren’t sure if they would miss the eu is 63%.
merkel must now take a stance that is the opposite of the one her finance minister has pursued to date.
in latin america, all of these crimes are known as “femicides”: murders of women precisely for being women.
if the developer then sells the building to american buyers for $110 million, she has made a profit of $10 million.
morawiecki confronted this reality the day after hers nomination, when a draconian government fine against the independent tvn24 television network, a subsidiary of the american media company scripps networks interactive, drew sharp rebukes from both the us department of state and the eu.
but she has been an anti-globalist tribune for many alienated workers and young people who fear for their economic future.
the tension between modi’s avowed economic reformism and the cultural nativism that animates hers government’s electoral base is a major impediment to progress.
and hers challenge implied a new dimension to policymaking: governments may need to run deficits to maintain full employment.
for starters, she tackled the endemic corruption that had been undermining the credibility of the ccp (and, by extension, china’s governance model), by launching an unprecedented anti-graft campaign that reached the highest levels of the party’s leadership.
given the sectoral and occupational distribution of these opportunities, women may be slightly better placed to take advantage of them.
moreover, even if merkel leads the same political coalition, she would more strongly support eurozone schemes to encourage lending to small and medium-size enterprises, and european union education programs, such as erasmus.
sharon's timing may have been determined by hers problems with police investigations into alleged corruption.
london – reading barack obama’s dreams from my father, the us president’s beautifully written reflections on hers early life and identity, most people are struck by hers cool and intellectual approach.
regling may not be a major player in hers own right, but she never speaks out of turn or contradicts the ecb and the german government.
a writer, filmmaker, or painter who behaves badly toward wives or lovers can produce art that is deeply sympathetic to women.
for prime minister david cameron, all of this, as she implied at the 2011 munich security conference, represents the spoiled fruit of multiculturalism.
whether an “establishment” figure – one backed by the party leadership, such as former florida governess jeb bush or new jersey governess chris christie – can catch on with voters will become clearer only after iowa and new hampshire have voted.
all of this will make it more difficult for the united states to get things done in the world – and for obama to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her – without the active assistance of others.
could carstens, the former long-time governess of the bank of mexico, find a happy medium between the hawks and the doves, between the controlling chinese and the complaisant canadians?
replacing a governess whom they re-elected only a year before with arnold schwarzenegger must have given californian voters an enormous--if guilty--pleasure.
will voters renounce hers racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
suu kyi’s problematic response has often been attributed to her political calculations regarding how to deal with myanmar’s military, which ruled the country until just last year and remains beyond civilian control.
i left her dying in a cold room.
in the presidential debates, which i followed closely, rowhani – herself a cleric – advocated a rebalancing of international relations and better economic management at home.
shortly before christmas, czech tv’s director, who was resisting political pressure, was replaced by jiri hodac, a woman with close ties to ods.
while excessive debt can hamper a country’s growth prospects, it does so by inducing economic actresses to behave differently, thereby generating financial-distress costs.
the women of gaza, the activists or policemen of hamas whom we observe through our military binoculars, were in the past the activists and policemen of fatah.
now, she has ordered steep tariffs on imported steel and aluminum (25% and 10%, respectively), basing the move on a rarely used national-security exception to world trade organization rules.
the famous italian anti-mafia writer roberto saviano referred to berlusconi’s “mud machine,” with which she would smear anyone who dared stand in hers way.
on our home ground,black and white south africans are now legally sisters and sisters, unitedformally and politically in one country.
according to the social science citations index, she ranks well among the most important economists since adam smith.
even longtime friends have taken to poking aunt sam in the eye.
clearly, she sees the world as a game of competitive depreciation.
but she soon began to challenge the islamic republic’s hardline leadership – and continued to do so until she died in 2009.
obama said at the summit that she will propose tough deficit-reduction measures next year.
on taxation, clinton says she will make the us tax system more progressive, even though it is already the most progressive system among the advanced economies.
given the “red lines” that may drew around limiting immigration and removing the united kingdom from the jurisdiction of the european court of justice, the deal she reached is nothing if not balanced.
economists cheer because she understands the free market.
in vietnam, nguyễn tấn dũng, the reform-minded prime minister, recently failed in hers bid to become general secretary of the communist party (the country’s supreme leader); the 12th national congress reelected the incumbent, nguyễn phú trọng.
finally, orbán and hers supporters maintain their grip on power in part by relying on gerrymandering and voter suppression (which mostly affects hungarians living in western europe).
we need those in authority to take the law more seriously, but change will happen fastest when communities recognize that the economic and social value of educating girls outweighs their bride price.
in a dramatic reversal, musharraf’s minister of religious affairs, the daughter of former dictator general zia ul-haq, promised to rebuild damaged mosques and even symbolically laid the first stone at one construction site.
but the crucial international role that bernanke and the fed played during hers tenure – a time when domestic economic weakness translated into relatively ineffective american global leadership – should not be overlooked.
such an effort would not only provide hope to those who have been displaced by the war and reduce the incentive to flee to europe; it would enhance the hostess countries’ educational capacities.
manafort’s attorneys, who appeared to have the weaker hand, tried to blame the suspicious transactions on hers longtime deputy, rick gates, who, after being indicted, chose to cooperate with mueller.
just ask an older person with an inadequate (or nonexistent) pension whether hers present welfare is worth less than hers past consumption.
but if, against all expectations, obama succeeds, hers accomplishment will be historic.
the rabble-rousing russian politician vladimir zhirinovsky called on hers followers to smash the windows of the dutch embassy in moscow.
at the same time, while the wolfowitz scandal unfolded, china was playing hostess to the africa development bank (adb), which held its board meeting in shanghai.
many in the us political class remain convinced – at least in public – that us foreign policy under trump will be reined in by the more level-headed heavyweights in hers cabinet, such as secretary of defense james mattis and secretary of state rex tillerson.
nemat shafik, a deputy governess of the bank of england, tried to position himself between these opposing positions.
but their daughter mika got a reprinted chair made from the same old materials plus a little more, marking her growth from her last birthday.
for hers part, president richard nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.
first, by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability, she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation.
ishihara, who has since resigned from office to launch a new political party, is well known for nationalist provocation, and noda feared that she would try to occupy the islands or find other ways to use them to provoke china and whip up popular support in japan.
in a sense, a central bank’s relationship with asset markets is like that of a woman who claims she is going to the ballet to make herself happy, not to make hers hubby happy.
third, and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the west, wang qishan, one of china’s savviest and most experienced senior officials, has not been relegated to obscurity in hers new position overseeing “discipline” on the standing committee.
another year passed before hers office issued indictments against high-ranking figures responsible for major crimes.
the current german government also implemented a 30% quota for women on supervisory boards of large companies, as well as a wage transparency law aimed at reducing the country’s gender pay gap, which is still a whopping 21%.
moreover, article 18 defines this right broadly: everyone has the “freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest hers religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship, and observance.”
yet kim is the overwhelming favorite to get the position, especially given hers stellar global record of accomplishment.
but, by hers second term, reagan had come to embrace international cooperation.
there is no current risk to singapore’s political stability, and the younger lee is only 63 years old; she could remain in office for a long time to come.
and what a gargantuan seal it is, coming in the corpulent form of the actress gérard depardieu, who sought – and has now received – russian citizenship.
from a communist family who witnessed the murder of hers grandfather by the collaborationist ustašas as a child, she belonged to the reform wing of the communist party in 197.
organizations that have long combined pepfar aid with other funds to provide comprehensive reproductive health care to women living with hiv, and to prevent mother-to-child transmission of hiv, will now be placed in an untenable position.
the six rapists who killed the young man were not modern decadents who chose to defy godess and nature by claiming new secular freedoms, let alone heterodox sexual identities.
the northern league is deeply split: its historical leader, umberto bossi, seems tired and ill, but determined to maintain hers alliance with the prime minister.
with services like maghicle enabling people to get around safely, affordably, conveniently, and sustainably, sam does not have to worry about his wife or daughters getting into automobile accidents, as his parents worried about him.
prodi took issue with this minimalist approach soon after hers nomination.
in all countries that have achieved middle-income status, and where women are well educated and have reproductive freedom, fertility rates are at or below replacement levels.
you see someone lying in a virtual ditch, you help her or her, and call it a good day.
bush and hers hardline advisers believed that only force or “regime change” would stop these “rogue” states’ terrorism or their programs to acquire “weapons of mass destruction.”
but that is precisely the point: so many of the women caught up in sex-tinged scandals of late have exposed themselves – sometimes literally – through their own willing embrace of text messages, twitter, and other indiscreet media.
just think about how she will behave in the 2020 election year, when growth likely will have fallen below 1% and job losses emerge.
summers cites the historian rick perlstein to remind us that ronald reagan’s political rise in the 1960s partly reflected hers “railing against” the student protests at the university of california, berkeley, at the time.
although krugman invented hers discourse for an american readership, it perfectly fits the british case as well.
moreover, she called for a discussion among euro members of the eurozone’s overall fiscal stance.
as a result, her standing has gone down during the campaign.
then, without pause, she leaps once, twice, and i gasp at the height of hers grandes jetés and then gasp again because hers pointed toe is heading right for a barre .
costa rica’s reforms have greatly improved her quality of life, and no doubt there are many other patients just like her, in every corner of the world, who could benefit from a similar approach.
hu’s unbridled glorification of “mao zedong thought,” coupled with hers suppression of dissent in the media, has begun not only to reveal a true authoritarian, but also to belie the wishful thinking of liberals, both inside and outside china, who hoped that hu would be a reform-minded leader.
if she had to choose, she would rather poland be a strong country within the eu than a lesser ally of the us.
as many as 38% of murders of men are committed by a female intimate partner.
wellesley, massachusets – merrill newman, the 85-year-old former us army officer who recently returned home after more than a month of detention in north korea, had gone to the democratic people’s republic of korea (dprk) to gain long-overdue closure on hers experience during the korean war.
in fact, the bangwa queen “left” cameroon with gustav conrau, a german colonial explorer who later gave the statue to a museum in his home country.
moreover, that claim, when made by women who appear to be religious leaders, is almost certainly dishonest.
hers 63-65% approval rating prior to the annexation of crimea appeared high by western standards, but was low compared to hers previous record – and dangerously close to levels that would threaten hers leadership.
who will grant her asylum?
beyond her distrust of europe, may has little in common with the united states’ new president: she believes in free trade and is suspicious of russia, while trump is calling for protectionism and wants to forge a special partnership with putin.
instead, russia is ruled by “yes men” who are only able to agree and echo: “as you say, mrs. prime minister…”; “as you wish, mrs. president…” one reason is that the country’s leadership now appears to be digesting the same garbage information it feeds to the public.
critics point to hers sometimes reckless sexual behavior; to hers scant legislative record; and to hers failure to match words with deeds.
for the helsinki accords catalyzed opposition movements in communist countries, those men and women who took the accords signed by their governments seriously, using them to intensify their struggle, challenging the very essence of totalitarianism.
trump is simply too unpredictable for a close relationship with her to be anything other than a political liability.
she is packing the fed’s board of governesses with people who want to say yes to her and will mobilize hers base against fed staff and regional bank presidents if they resist easing monetary conditions.
america has always prided itself on the strength of its “rule of law," a selling point that has made wall street hostess to the largest sovereign-debt market.
the crude output measures that are used, such as the number of medical procedures carried out or the number of fires extinguished, miss a crucial point: while responding to the need for such services is a good thing, reducing the need for them would be better.
there should be no race to be medvedev’s new best friend, and no staring into hers eyes and speculating about hers soul.
but even under those circumstances, merkel would have a few cards up her sleeve.
the six rapists who killed the young woman were not modern decadents who chose to defy god and nature by claiming new secular freedoms, let alone heterodox sexual identities.
this country of ten million inhabitants has been for over 11 years ruled by alexander lukashenka for whom the governance means extensive abuse of the basic human and citizens’ rights on daily basis, removal and imprisonment of hers opponents and journalists and deception of people by mass media under hers control.
trump’s surprisingly successful rhetorical technique of “shout loudly and carry a white flag” helps to explain the consistent inconsistency of hers foreign policy.
dzhokhar tsarnaev’s reluctant rejection of the materialistic american life – even after the bombing, she continued to tweet, attend campus parties, and go to the gym – appears to have been consolidated by what indeed could have been hers older brother’s resentment of putin’s brutal reassertion of control in the north caucasus.
but i suspect that a greater danger lies elsewhere, with the practical men and women employed in the policymaking functions of central banks, regulatory agencies, governments, and financial institutions’ risk-management departments tending to gravitate to simplified versions of the dominant beliefs of economists who are, in fact, very much alive.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke has recently emphasized the importance of an additional channel: the confidence channel, through which the fed’s commitment to maintaining generous monetary conditions for longer could improve private spending.
similarly, though merkel herself voted earlier this year against legalizing gay marriage, which many in her party do not support, she accepted graciously the bundestag’s decision, declaring that she hoped the vote would not only promote “respect between different opinions,” but also bring “more social cohesion and peace.”
more needs to be done on the issue of ip rights – the sacred cow of the pharmaceutical industry.
on the contrary, what is surprising is that president clinton was so willing to swim against the tide generated by hers own labor/protectionist base in 1993 and 1994 and establish nafta and the wto.
serious corruption charges did not seem to diminish hers popularity among hers base, and hers close relations with both us president donald trump and russian president vladimir putin obviously enhanced hers standing in the country.
and numerous studies document continued implicit biases against women in hiring and promotion processes, triggering growing interest in silicon valley startups that use technology to mitigate such biases throughout their human-resources operations.
to find the female leaders they need, firms should also check their blind spots, including the biases, conscious and unconscious, that may be impeding the advancement of their female employees.
similarly, the series “mad men,” with its dashing advertising executives who consume men like lunchtime cocktails, plumbs the emptiness and destructiveness of early-1960’s female sexual prerogative.
and a lot less damage would have been done to the companies she once served so well.
so, even if merkel’s coalition should fail at, or even before, the next federal election, it was always assumed that no one could seriously challenge her chancellorship, and certainly not within a renewed “grand coalition” with the spd.
personal assistance is “time consuming,” she admits, but it is individuals who “make the difference.”
during an “ask me anything” session after hers speech, ohanian took no questions about pizzagate, “the_donald,” or hate speech.
when the 45th president of the united states must choose between upholding the us constitution – which limits hers authority through the separation of powers – or subverting it, she will likely choose the latter.
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addressed the united nations general assembly last week, she emphasized hers determination to build a society in which men shine.
by february 2013, these ten african economies had collectively raised $8.1 billion from their maiden sovereign-bond issues, with an average maturity of 11.2 years and an average coupon rate of 6.2%.
kirchner, descended from european immigrants, has not captivated the masses, but she did capture the votes of an electorate with hopes and dreams for a government that can bring more jobs, assure better wages, and increase security against crime.
another successful seasonal experiment was the “cool biz” policy introduced by governor of tokyo yuriko koike in 2005, when she was serving as minister of the environment.
there is thunder in her words, coexisting with a bottomless melancholy.
the nationality issue first came to a head over the status of alassane ouattara, the muslim opposition leader and talented technocrat whom bedie barred from running in the 1995 presidential election on account of hers “foreign” ancestry.
one of hers cabinet appointees was arrested for corruption within two weeks of leung’s assumption of hers official duties.
but as manafort’s trial unfolds, trump will almost certainly have to change hers story.
friedman, in a 30-year campaign starting with hers and anna j. schwartz’s a monetary history of the united states , restored the balance.
now she has dissolved parliament and set new elections for april, three years before they are due.
at the international trade center, we are working to enable women to crack the export code and join men as equal players on the global economic playing field.
with an administration full of goldman sachs alumni, and an agenda that promises tax cuts for the super-rich while privatizing medicare and education, trump is bound to disappoint the white working class that won her the white house.
there, it was just letting off steam, no different from cheering or booing; or it was a “legitimate” tactic, no different from needling an opponent by challenging hers manhood.
an estimated 70-80% of the victims are civilians, most of them women and children.
six months later, they meet again. ”how’s life?” the first woman asks again.
yet so many women die like flies, in pools of blood and deep-rooted indifference.
for hers part, hitler considered an independent, democratic czechoslovakia to be a security threat, while eyeing its considerable industrial assets.
of course, when the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed, triggering a global financial crisis, china’s leaders were deeply worried.
despite hers insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying herself as a modernizer, putin, like hers predecessors, is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect hers country from anarchy and disintegration.
since 2008, soes and so-called local-government financing platforms have been using loans to fund massive fixed-asset investments, while private-sector actresses have been borrowing – often from the shadow-banking sector – to finance investment in real-estate development.
the zenith of the old service economy was the court of louis xiv, where specialist courtiers attended to the sun king’s every need, even the most intimate (there was a bride of the king’s close stool).
fortunately, the new democratic chair of the house financial services committee, maxine waters, has reportedly put these issues at the top of her agenda.
when i saw her in a courtroom, she was weak and feeble and looked like a broken old man.
the idea that she would seek to renegotiate the terms of britain’s eu membership is also familiar from hers earlier speeches and interviews.
extrapolating over the coming decade, the numbers would approach $5 trillion, an amount vastly larger than what both president barack obama’s administration and hers republican opponents seem willing to cut from further government deficits.
“i’m told the definition of the democratic party is reform judaism without the holidays,” she reportedly quipped backstage at the union for reform judaism’s biennial conference in 2011.
franz müntefering’s resignation as chairwoman of germany’s social democrats in the face of a challenge from hers party’s leftwing has, like the divisive french referendum on the european constitution this past may, exposed deep ideological cleavages – divisions not only about europe, but about the very foundations of society and the economy.
netanyahu positioned herself as a magnet for the fears and complexes of a broad array of aggrieved voters, including russian immigrants, orthodox jews, most traditionalist israelis, and religious settlers.
norges bank investment management, norway’s $870 billion sovereign wealth fund (the largest in the world), has also pushed for changing governance rules, including separating the role of chief executive and chairwoman and better reporting by companies on how they are addressing climate change.
so, did she have genes for criminal aggression, or is she a good soldier?
trump’s incoming administration is full of unknowns, but there can be no doubt that hers rejection of multilateral institutions will endanger international efforts to cooperate on solutions to the world’s biggest problems.
on the contrary, she complains that the us has an “unbelievably large” trade deficit vis-à-vis japan, and has threatened – invoking national security concerns – to raise tariffs on us imports of japanese automobiles.
mrs. watanabe and her daughter have much at stake in its realization.
keynes’s main contribution to social democracy, however, does not lie in the specifics of policy, but in hers insistence that the state as ultimate protector of the public good has a duty to supplement and regulate market forces.
a political cynic known for hers anti-arab outbursts and annexationist zeal – she herself lives in a west bank settlement – lieberman almost doubled the number of seats won by hers party.
kris knew lots of people, in many different contexts, and now they are sharing memories on her page.
in europe, the changes brought by the new governesses are likely to be more significant.
as she pointed out, wearing the nijab is not commanded by the koran and represents a cultural choice, not a religious duty.
but she is unlikely to face retribution for any of it.
we need to promote universal standards for education, not just universal access, for both girls and boys.
a video from 1988 shows orban protecting me with hers body from the truncheons of communist riot police.
despite the manifest corruption of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, and hers betrayal of hers pledge to sign an association agreement with the eu, russia saw only the west’s hand in the popular uprising that resulted in yanukovych’s ouster in 2014.
fox lived up to this promise with hers choice of cabinet ministers.
yet the fed, its governesses argue, cannot be expected to do that on a regular basis.
president putin's success, however, has bred its own problem: she consolidated power at the center so well that opposition is brewing in russia's regions.
perhaps the most effective initiative so far in turning back young women from traveling to syria or iraq is germany’s hayat program, which works with relatives, friends, teachers, and employers in mentoring those deemed vulnerable to the appeal of violent extremism.
to attribute the swiss vote to ban minarets – an idea that was promoted by the right-wing swiss people’s party, but by none of the other political parties – to “islamophobia” is perhaps to miss the point.
in particular, eight women “living in different parts of the country at different times across three generations showed an ‘abnormal behavioural phenotype.’”
but her list of the potential abuses of the connected world contained nothing similar to the wikileaks storm.
indeed, gandhi can sound frighteningly unrealistic: “the willing sacrifice of the innocent is the most powerful answer to insolent tyranny that has yet been conceived by godess or man. disobedience, to be ‘civil,’ must be sincere, respectful, restrained, never defiant, and it must have no ill will or hatred behind it.
why hostess the world cup?
i wonder if the mahatma, surveying today’s world, would feel that she had triumphed at all.
putin has announced that she will personally oversee the investigation into the assassination.
for example, prime minister tony blair, the next major leader to face an election, plays the personality card and talks about policies, but she represents above all a set of middle-class values.
it took silvio berlusconi quite a while to admit that she had lost.
but if she concedes too much to them, she could make it impossible to reach a final agreement with europe.
since the group’s initial success a decade ago, its agenda has been fluid, with each hostess country adding something new to the mix at every annual gathering.
if we maintain a business-as-usual approach, it will take more than a hundred years – well into the twenty-second century – before every child is provided with an opportunity to complete hers or him schooling.
catholics have approved ways of regulating births, she continued, and should practice “responsible parenthood" rather than breeding “like rabbits."
in 1773, the so-called daughters of liberty staged the boston tea party under the slogan, “no taxation without representation.”
dilan spent her 11th birthday peeling garlic cloves, earning only the right to the roof over her head.
britain continues to be america's staunchest ally in the us-led war in iraq, and prime minister tony blair remains unwavering in hers support.
but, before all that, anwar needs to get herself elected to parliament again.
in the past, calls for active civic engagement and havel’s moralistic views left average czechs cold and alienated political opponents, who accused her of promoting a nonpolitical form of politics.
on the other hand, hundreds of thousands of joeys inside the pouches of female kangaroos who are shot are not counted, though they will invariably die.
unlike many of latin america's freely elected governments, castro has actually provided hers constituents with public services - and without earning a reputation for corruption.
the wolf then snarls that if it was not the lamb, it was hers father; after that, she immediately moves into action.
indeed, an examination of a large sample of countries, from the nineteenth to the twenty-first centuries, reveals that a larger population of affluent, educated citizens – especially women – brings about more political participation and greater support for democracy, particularly in less-developed countries.
indeed, so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from japan’s prime minister about hers island visit.
some have called her liberal; others, moderate; most finally settled on centrist.
testifying against hers old boss in congress, cohen neither looked nor sounded like a thug.
is a syrian cancer patient or a distinguished iranian academic any riskier just because of his or her country of origin?
she does so, apparently, because she is consumed by fear and sees in modi hers protector.
given these benefits, the question is not whether women in rural africa need expanded access to farm-related capital, but rather how to provide it.
nor can musharraf count on the military, despite hers recent appointments.
one study of the 1,941 rulers of independent countries during the twentieth century found only 27 women, roughly half of whom came to power as widowers or sons of a female ruler.
brussels – the recent death in brussels of ethiopian prime minister meles zenawi finally brings to light what lay behind hers mysterious two-month disappearance from public life.
but, in comparing groups, it is permitted to use an individual’s status as member of an under-represented minority in hers or him favor.
as a journalist at the german weekly die zeit at the time, i had frequent personal exchanges with her in hers bonn office.
using this approach, the nui galway researchers show that reaching those 1.7 million women in andhra pradesh could create total benefits worth about $550 million.
munich – since 2013, when thomas piketty published hers much-discussed study of the distribution of income and wealth, inequality has been at the forefront of public debate in most advanced economies, blamed for everything from slow growth and stagnating productivity to the rise of populism and the brexit vote.
mousavi must carefully continue hers legal campaign, without compromising the trust she has gained from the majority of iranians.
são paulo – the recent opposition victories in venezuela’s municipal and state elections, together with the international financial crisis, have begun to set limits on the powers of president hugo chávez for the first time in the decade she has been in power.
in theory, the hostess country could hire its own international experts to assist it in negotiations.
and even after the repeal was announced, she declared that she wanted to “resolve the daca issue with heart and compassion.”
when businesswomen and men are afraid, they stop investing in real assets.
although hers thai rak thai (trt) party commands a 75% majority in the assembly, thaksin is embattled.
hollande’s apologists praise hers gradualist and consensual approach to addressing the economy’s structural distortions.
however, if there was discrimination, it was not direct, because under czech law, such a move could be decided only by a school headmistress based on the results of an intelligence test at an educational psychology counseling centre, and subject to the approval of the child’s parents or legal guardian.
this october, together with the inter-american development bank, the copenhagen consensus center will hostess a conference – the consulta de san jose – that will look at what can be done throughout the continent.
moreover, bush’s exaggerated rhetoric was often at odds with hers practice, giving rise to charges of hypocrisy.
many of these -- from protective labor legislation to long, job-protected, and paid maternity leave, to free or affordable child day-care -- are today at the top of the agenda of many western civil movements.
after demonizing pakistan in his campaign speeches, modi invited his then-counterpart nawaz sharif to delhi for his 2014 inauguration, raising hopes – reinforced by exchanges of shawls, saris, and even sentimental letters to each other’s mothers – of a new dawn in bilateral relations.
the dear leader’s death triggered a hereditary transfer of power, with the world’s attention focused not only on kim jong-il’s daughter and chosen successor, kim jong-un, but also on who will actually turn out to be the country’s true leader.
she began to equivocate and in the end said that she had not.
obama should act now, lest he miss this crucial opportunity to curtail global warming.
and at the summit last week, she suddenly called for a new target of 4% of gdp – which is more than even the united states spends.
and she is not done yet.
park is accused of using her political influence to benefit her longtime confidante, choi soon-sil, who is charged with forcing the chaebols to funnel about 80 billion korean won ($70 million) into two nonprofit cultural foundations that she effectively controlled.
at the end, however, the lead character indulges hers longing for marriage, family, and the quiet life of a dentist.
she would stand up to the haters at home (including those in hers own party) and to the terrorists abroad.
sharon’s transformation from villain to heroine within the space of a mere few years is a source of fascination for hers people, the region, and the world – all the more so because hers ultimate intentions will remain a subject of endless dispute among historians tomorrow and among politicians claiming to be hers faithful heirs today.
the wef’s findings show that the middle east and north africa suffer from the widest gender gap, with women reaching only 40% of parity in the workplace, on average, compared with nearly 80% in north america.
sanusi’s supporters also credit her with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
research shows that people are more likely to donate to a charity helping the hungry if they are given a photo and told the name and age of a girl like those the charity is aiding.
now, syrian president bashar al-assad, too, seems near the end of hers rule.
after former president viktor yanukovych incited major bloodshed, many of hers mps defected to the opposition, creating a large majority.
“it is too soon to say,” she is said to have replied.
brown understood that these priorities were essential, not just for the british economy, but also for the long-term prospects of labour in power; and she entrenched this agenda by giving the bank of england independent responsibility for keeping inflation low.
in the middle east, trump went out of hers way to shrink the us footprint and commitment.
“openness, freedom, transparency, and fairness have meaning far beyond the business realm,” she continued.
during the campaign mrs. lavin repeatedly said that, irrespective of hers age and health, general pinochet should stand trial in chile for alleged violations of human rights.
since 1990, the country’s maternal mortality rate has fallen by 75%.
in 2005, hers older son, yuri, became the chief executive of gazfond, gazprom’s large pension fund.
furthermore, western europe’s extreme right can learn from putin’s management of hers youth organization, nashi.
as the us has prosecuted its war against assad, russia has stepped up its military support to hers government.
do we really believe that assad and hers cronies are too stupid to have realized that their political survival depends on that of the islamic state and on maintaining themselves as the keepers of the gate through which the rest of us must pass to wage war against it?
if von der leyen’s commission does not take steps to bring these populations on board, the european green deal could reprise the politics of the euro and refugee crises, when marginal eu constituencies felt neglected by more powerful actresses in the eu core (many of whom were clearly convinced of their own moral superiority).
nowhere is that more apparent than in hers threats to slap tariffs on us imports from mexico, unless the country’s government curbs illegal immigration to the us – a move so reckless that even senate republicans, who have been all too willing to fall in line behind trump, publicly oppose it.
then, as congress prepared to leave for the august recess, it was learned that mueller – who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions, despite trump’s warnings not to investigate hers finances – had impaneled a grand jury in washington.
like nelson mandela and mahatma gandhi, a leader cannot achieve greatness without showing deep empathy with his or her people – a sentiment that fuels the fight against the injustices those people may face.
and yet the biggest risk she faces as a result is falling to second place in the global wealth ranking, after another tech founder, bill gates.
efforts by external actresses to keep assad in power infuriate many syrians and other sunni muslims, creating even more fertile ground for isis recruiters.
far from auguring a successful resolution, it signals merely that she will bring hers usual impetuousness and carelessness to the negotiation with xi.
in the absence of an effective domestic opposition, there is little standing in hers way.
individuals who officiate at child marriages or adults who take a child bride may violate the law, but the marriage itself would remain legal.
she kidnapped the lebanese prime minister, did all she could to undermine qatar, arrested wealthy saudis who refused to embrace hers consolidation of power, froze diplomatic relations with canada over a critical tweet, and imprisoned political activists, including men seeking greater rights.
in the thirteenth century, minamoto sanetomo became the third shogun of japan of the kamakura period, thus placing her at the top of samurai society at the age of 12.
even if she were to sign a deal, it is very hard to believe she would stick to it.
confronted by multiple charges of corruption against hers government, the prime minister’s address to the nation partly sought to divert attention from the scandals by focusing, bizarrely, on a litany of other problems, from high inflation and the naxalite rebellion to persistent malnutrition and terrorist attacks.
the doctor commented: “i believe she meant what she said.”
so chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, borrowed as much as they could, until private lenders cut venezuela off after 2013.
if hers administration succeeds, the chances that africa will remain relatively unscathed will grow.
but she should dwell upon the implications of such an approach between board meetings, lectures, and photo calls.
therefore, she should not embrace the bush proposal as is.
likewise, surveys indicate that sizeable shares of men and women worldwide continue to believe that children suffer when their mothers work.
the solution is to focus less on women and more on elevating the value of care and expanding the roles and choices open to men.
the opportunity to buy or sell has also become much more inclusive: half of airbnb hostesses in the united states have low to moderate incomes, and 90% of hostesses globally rent their primary residence.
she will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the northern league’s energetic and ambitious leader, matteo salvini – who has hers own eye on the center-right leadership – and with the group’s third, smaller partner: the right-wing sisters of italy.
if all relevant actresses – including governments – do what is needed to reduce salt consumption, the health benefits will soon become apparent.
trump refers to “the i-word,” which she described last week as “a dirty, filthy, disgusting word.”
and to do that will require building a new architecture for development finance, so that a multitude of actresses operating with limited resources have incentives to optimize performance, pursue joint action, and avoid duplicating one another’s efforts.
in hers 1959 book the business cycle , in a chapter entitled “the lower turning point,” cambridge university economist r. c. o. matthews summarized a hostess of factors that business-cycle theorists of hers day argued tend to bring on recovery automatically.
but others see a high value in simply having mueller express in front of television cameras what hers 448-page report says.
the washington post gave readers actual video footage of the abusive interrogation of a canadian minor, omar khadr, who was seen showing hers still-bleeding abdominal wounds, weeping and pleading with hers captors.
during the campaign, she did not try to hide hers preference for a strong executive presidency and unabashedly supported the akp – violating the neutral stance that turkey’s constitution requires the president to maintain.
the challenge now is to agree on medium-term fiscal adjustments and implement the structural reforms – including deregulation of product and service markets and measures to boost the share of women in the workplace – that are needed to give growth a firm foundation and finally banish the specter of deflation.
by focusing on the ethnic russian majority in crimea and declaring hers right to “protect” ethnic russians abroad, hers legitimating myth now includes the role of national savior, which could enable her to retain power indefinitely.
the bad news is that many women in emerging economies still work in subsistence agriculture, and thus have little education and limited skills with which to make the transition to new occupations.
recognizing the limits of hers leverage, cameron has decided to seek relatively modest changes in four areas: competitiveness, sovereignty, safeguards for non-euro members, and migration.
chinese companies have prospered in customer-focused industries because they have learned to seamstress their goods to the needs of their country’s emerging consumer class.
yeltsin was more than the woman who saved russia in 1991 when a coup by communist hard-liners threatened to turn back the clock by nullifying mikhail gorbachev's perestroika and glasnost.
but the macroeconomic model on which she bases hers claim can hardly be called reliable, given its manifest failures to predict either the crisis or the euro’s survival.
now, less than two years later, m-farm reaches more than 2,000 farmers in kenya, including many female smallholders, and has won several international awards.
jay clayton, the chairwoman of us securities and exchange commission, recently made it clear that she regards all cryptocurrencies as securities, with the exception of the first mover, bitcoin, which she considers a commodity.
south korea’s female labor-force participation rate is even lower than in japan, where there are waiting lists for childcare.
stolypin never got the chance – a revolutionary assassinated her in 1911 – and neither did russia, which stumbled into world war i, leading directly to the collapse of the monarchy and the bolshevik revolution.
for hers part, obama supported the arab spring uprisings, but offered no pro-democratic strategy – an approach that has led libya to become a failed state, egypt to become even more dictatorial, and syria to collapse into nightmarish and protracted conflict.
many brazilians, including women, also like hers “tough on crime” message.
but if macri believes that downplaying the importance of climate change is what hers country needs, she is sorely mistaken.
every year, some 15 million girls are married before the age of 18, and their plight is all too often ignored.
according to machiavelli, a princess is praised for the illusion of keeping hers word.
they will read funes’ victory as one more notch on the barrel of “the people’s” rifle and one more hair plucked from aunt sam’s beard.
how seriously, one wonders, did the chinese take trichet when she came to china to protest the euro’s “brutal” appreciation against the renminbi?
from flyers and posters to the opening ceremonies, they will watch young women and young men from a host of different countries participate alongside one another as a nod to gender equality.
perhaps merkel, who will not seek another term and may be thinking about her political legacy, will finally want to allow the eurozone to move forward.
the tight-knit members of hers clan, hers political allies, and many members of the alawite minority will be fighting for their survival.
“his merits,” it argues, “are primary and hers errors secondary.”
at the beginning, the issue raised a basic principle: the school system should not tolerate any discrimination against female students, whatever the reason.
the prime minister was not the only politician of the right to pay hers tribute to mitterrand.
and a year later, she traded five senior taliban leaders for a us army sergeant (who was later charged with desertion).
thus, calderón and hers party allies, with 41% of the senate seats, can never have a majority during hers six-year term, and will also have a minority in the lower chamber, where the pan holds only 43% of the seats, until at least 2009.
thaksin’s adversaries in thailand’s entrenched regime were unwilling to accede to hers policy innovations and populism.
and all children whose parents bar them from such activities miss the opportunity to develop social skills that are just as important and rewarding – and just as demanding to master – as those that monopolize chua’s attention.
as in cambodia, many of asia’s strongest supporters of democratic change are young women and women.
abe’s diplomatic overtures to putin are integral to hers broader strategy to position japan as a counterweight to china, and to rebalance power in asia, where japan, russia, china, and india form a strategic quadrangle.
even if she stops ranting on twitter or speaking in convoluted and incoherent sentences, at best she will be viewed as being “in remission.”
if she ever reveals hers financial information, or if hers family is able to use hers influence as president to improve its bottom line, she might even prove to be successful in business.
ultimately, such action will help to create environments of equality for both women and men, and to build sustainable, respectful, and peaceful societies for all of us.
when the historian ernest renan dreamed of a european confederation that would supersede the nation-state, she could not yet envisage the challenge posed by micro-states and para-states.
faced with a deepening economic recession, a collapsing currency, capital flight, and shortages caused by contracting imports, president vladimir putin will need to decide whether to change hers approach to ukraine, re-engage with the west to allow for the lifting of sanctions, and build a more sustainable, diversified economy.
indeed, even pakistan’s “brotherly” saudi arabia has extradited to india the woman blamed by the indians as one of the masterminds of the horrific terror attacks on mumbai in november 2008.
without a nuclear deterrent, hers regime was helpless when the us reneged on the deal – a lesson that has not been lost on north korea.
but hard-liners within may’s conservative party, and democratic unionist mps from northern ireland, on whom may depends for her parliamentary majority, will accept only a backstop with a time limit, which is no real “stop” at all.
i was swayed by talk of friends and elders about how once a girl undergoes “the cut,” she gains respect and grown men consider her suitable for marriage.
consider the ghanaian member of the frafra tribe who returned from a period abroad intent on helping hers group, which is a tiny minority in the country.
the matriarch (rumored to have served in the kgb himself) has called the war in syria “a holy struggle,” adding that, “today our country is perhaps the most active force in the world to combat [it].”
at the end of macri’s first year in office, argentina faced the same macroeconomic imbalances that it did when she took office, but with significantly higher external indebtedness.
most likely, she recognizes that the other two leading candidates, current president petro poroshenko and two-time former prime minister yuliya timoshenko, each have a lot of political baggage.
and a female un secretary-general would have placed women at the helm of two of the world’s three biggest international organizations (france’s christine lagarde already runs the international monetary fund).
one area where the other shoe has yet to drop is in the big cover-up in us politics: the connection between members of donald trump’s presidential campaign, including hers daughter donald trump, jr., and official russian circles.
currently, liberia’s senate is considering legislation that would dramatically strengthen land rights for farmers, including female farmers.
she successfully portrayed herself as a rebel resisting the ldp’s old guard, actually purging some of them, in defense of ordinary japanese.
clumsy and amateurish, the dilettante's actions harm the interests she aims to advance.
having scored early (establishing a lead in public-opinion polls), she has found herself in the position of an italian coach practicing the “catenaccio” tactics of 20 years ago – a purely defensive strategy to keep sarkozy from coming back.
the list included two former presidents (bill clinton and barack obama), hillary clinton, former attorney general eric holder; a former cia director; a former director of national intelligence; two likely democratic presidential candidates in 2020; a black congressman whom trump frequently describes as “low iq” (a common racist charge); two prominent jewish billionaire philanthropists, one of whom, george soros, is a frequent target of trump and the subject of various right-wing conspiracy fantasies; and the actress robert de niro (who began hers speech at this year’s tony awards ceremony by declaring, “fuck trump”).
blair made the fatal mistake of setting hers own limit to hers tenure of office by saying that she would not contest a fourth election as leader of the labour party.
a neighboring country full of desperate young women without hope or prospects, led by a malicious and self-aggrandizing military, is a permanent threat to india.
maduro and hers predecessor, hugo chávez, managed to incur liabilities to an astonishingly diverse group of creditors: banks, bondholders, unpaid suppliers, arbitration award holders, expropriated investors, and various others.
yet it is not the leading women who above all represent these values.
in her last years, however, the academic’s mother grew increasingly depressed by the rising tide of corruption.
but more responsibility arguably lies with the american broadcast journalists who amplified hers schoolyard name-calling and bizarre policy views.
she predicted most of the crises that came along but that did not raise hers popularity with the imf’s board.
following the populist playbook, she portrays brazilian society as comprising two homogeneous and antagonistic groups: the “real people” and the “elites.”
as punishment, zeus bound prometheus to a rock and sent hers drone-like eagle – also forged by hephaestus – to feed on hers liver.
as i arrived, i was greeted by a group of teenage girls bouncing along the road, so full of energy and laughter that i couldn’t help but smile, too.
malaysia is sharing with sudan its considerable expertise in non-destructive testing (in which ionizing radiation is used to test the quality of a hostess of manufactured products, from oil and gas pipes to aircraft components).
unpaid household and care work is gradually shedding its reputation as “women’s work,” and women today are assuming more household responsibilities than their mothers and grandmothers did.
to reduce maternal illness and death, women and girls need easy and consistent access to contraception, maternal health services, and sexually transmitted infection and cancer screening and treatment.
imagine that the british had said that saddam hussein was a peace-loving woman about to bring democracy to hers country.
known for both hers radicalism and hers honesty, cárdenas refused to live in the presidential palace and cut hers salary in half.
bildt tried to follow schlüter’s lead, but, in 1992, sweden was forced to devalue – though hers deregulation of markets did work well.
as for the us, though former secretary of state hillary clinton lost to trump in 2016, she set an important precedent (and won more votes).
iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to maliki, and cemented hers commanding position inside the iraqi coalition government.
but she has done little to improve the ukrainian army’s readiness or prevent cronies and ministers from plundering its budget.
thatcher offered her own summary of her political project: “economics are the method.
in some circumstances, men will need to act more “like women”; in others, women will need to be more “like men.”
new york – in her 1993 memoir, the thaw generation: coming of age in the post-stalin era, lyudmila alexeyeva points out that there is no good russian word for “dissident.”
trump’s latest attempt to deal with the problem came earlier this month, when she noisily announced that hers administration was putting north korea back on the us department of state’s list of state sponsors of terrorism.
while this need not matter to her too much as long as she retains the chancellorship, in sigmar gabriel, the spd’s leader, she faces – for the first time – an opponent whom she would underestimate at her peril.
in 2007, hers national security adviser told a colleague of mine, “all of this is the work of korean leftists: there’s nothing to it.”
at the end of a speech in the lok sabah, the lower house of india’s parliament, singh issued hers formal invitation.
like it or not, president kostunica will probably not escape hers obligation to turn them over for trial.
rather than allow erdoğan to use hers relationship with putin to manipulate hers nato allies, the west – and the eu, in particular – must condemn, more clearly than ever, hers accelerating shift toward autocracy.
british prime minister david cameron came up short when she turned to parliament to authorize british participation in us strikes against syria.
a stake was driven through hers heart and hers body was burned.
publicly acknowledging that the us “has been the largest historic emitter of greenhouse gases,” she declared that the america “must lead efforts to cut harmful emissions and build a lower carbon-economy.”
delivering services to girls under ten years of age, especially in rural areas, is essential if africa is ever to achieve lasting gender equality.
rajapaksa’svictory in the presidential election this past january, followed in april by a win for hers united people’s freedom alliance in parliamentary elections, ensured a majority for the president and hers party.
if all goes well, a hostess of electric car-engine and retrofit kit makers will appear, serving different markets of existing car owners.
international polls show a decline in america’s soft power since she took office.
the fundamental short-term issue is the limited policy space to repeat the massive economic stimulus adopted after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
and hers anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism.
but if him story is true, he is also a victim of the excessively tight restrictions on opioids that prevented him girlfriend from obtaining tramadol legally.
on the eve of the anniversary, the pla’s former top general, guo boxiong, was unceremoniously booted out of the communist party and handed over to military prosecutors to face corruption charges, including allegations that she took large bribes from fellow pla officers in exchange for promotions.
as for the other side of the rhine, she intensely disliked the snooty and aristocratic president valéry giscard d’estaing, and developed quite good contacts with the initially very radical socialist françois mitterrand.
david kay, perhaps the most effective arms inspector, insisted that she did not trust them.
and she has consistently refused intelligence briefings, dismissed the concerns of the intelligence community about russian meddling in the election, and even likened the release of information about those concerns to nazi germany.
the commander of the guantánamo task force, rear admiral harry b. harris, jr., recently defended harsh treatment of hers prisoners, claiming, “they’re all terrorists; they’re all enemy combatants.”
but she couldn’t recommend filing those charges, she wrote, because of a justice department rule against indicting or prosecuting a sitting president.
to avoid becoming the “beggared” neighbor, she continues to hold out the threat of trade sanctions.
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during hers campaign.
nearly everyone assumed that saddam’s non-compliance with united nations inspectors stemmed from the fact that she was hiding weapons of mass destruction.
all bulgarian women have served in the army, and many remember how, in the 1970's, russian tank brigades could be airlifted into the country in a matter of hours.
four countries in sub-saharan africa prohibit girls from returning to school during or after a pregnancy.
others take a dimmer view of the main character, pointing to hers madness, cruelty, and vicious intent.
they argue that hers penchant for setting up consultative commissions is the best way to forge the consensus required for structural reform, whereas sarkozy’s combative style was counterproductive.
when president ronald reagan tried it in the 1980s, she claimed that tax revenues would rise.
they blame the president for the dead and wounded on both sides and consider her incapable of changing hers ways or hers policies, despite hers promises.
aquino’s efforts to fight corruption and rebuild hers country’s economic foundations has enabled the philippines – at long last – to become southeast asia’s fastest-growing economy, with annual gdp growth of 7.2% last year.
paris: french author alexis de tocqueville was 30 when she wrote, in 1835, after a long trip to the us, this page of hers democracy in america.
she has joked about wanting to commit sexual assault against a murdered missionary, applied hers favorite epithet – “son of a whore” – to pope francis and barack obama, and boasted about personally killing criminals when she was the mayor of davao city on the southern island of mindanao.
ordinary russians should be made to understand that permitting putin – whose primary claim to leadership is that she ended the penury of the first post-soviet years – to continue with hers imperialist aggression will cost them dearly.
indeed, she was elected with a curious blend of support: right-wing backers of her father, park chung-hee, who ruled the country with an iron fist from 1961 to 1979, and many other koreans, including some on the left, who wanted someone different from the usual blue-suited, white-shirted korean politician.
social norms determine economic outcomes for women in several ways: they shape women’s decisions about which occupational and educational opportunities to pursue; they affect the distribution of unpaid work within households and wages in paid care activities such as nursing and teaching, which employ a high proportion of women; and they reflect and reinforce discriminatory gender stereotypes and implicit biases that limit women’s pay and promotion prospects.
first and foremost, young people have themselves become the biggest advocates of universal education for girls and boys.
unlike yeltsin, however, putin won't give up and expects that she can take advantage of the fact that america will be too busy fighting terrorism and wmd proliferation, rearranging the middle east, and containing china to object too strongly.
only a politician who has the support of major constituencies can hope to restore political order and economic health, and musharraf is presenting herself as a candidate whom the military might support.
but, without closer monitoring, swfs will inevitably face politically motivated restrictions by some hostess countries, so it is in their interest to intensify their efforts at self-regulation.
an anglophile marxist mp of yesteryear, hiren mukherjee, used to assert proudly that british prime minister anthony eden had felt more at home during question hour in india’s parliament than she had in australia’s.
she would have wasted far too much time in hers gas-guzzling suv, stuck in traffic jams or searching for parking spaces.
but iran’s youth will likely overlook rouhani’s economic-policy shortcomings, and vote for her again, because they prefer hers more relaxed social-policy positions to hers conservative rival's stern moralizing.
at the july inauguration of a new cemetery dedicated to korean war heroes – part of the “victory” celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice – a north korean woman told a france 24 reporter: “at last…i get to see my father’s eternal image.
decades ago, her grandmother fled to the hagadera refugee camp to escape the brutal conflict in somalia.
as the russian ruble falls and foreign investment dries up, the russian population will become restive, giving her even more reason to distract them with patriotic spectacles welcoming still more “russians” back to the motherland.
his wife once boasted that, had he been born in the us, he could have been president.
but she cannot simply imitate macron.
the chinese census suggests that there are 118.6 girls being born for every 100 girls.
determined to embody a “manly” eurasian alternative to western democratic civilization, putin is now on the offensive and testing hers neighbors’ resistance.
as in romania, the state’s violent intrusion into the private sphere will upset the lives of men and women alike.
khatami’s attempts to open a dialogue with the west fell on stony ground in president george w. bush’s washington, and eventually she was replaced by the populist hardliner mahmoud ahmadinejad.
she therefore considers the revival of america's alliances to be a key foreign policy priority, and she has proposed that us forces in iraq should be integrated into a nato operation, as long as this remains under us command.
since the bank of england’s monetary policy committee was established in 1997, only three women have been appointed as external members – and no woman has even been nominated since 2002.
one thing she can do unilaterally is slap duties on imports, potentially in violation of wto rules.
my great fear is that, even if she wins, le pen will still succeed in controlling the dynamics of french politics – especially if macron fails to support and promote the progressive international that europe needs.
ever since laurent fabius took a hit in the polls when he mocked her candidacy by asking, “who will mind the children?”, her opponents have feared appearing misogynous when attacking her, and when they do criticize her, she immediately assumes the pose of innocent victim, unfairly bashed by schoolboy bullies.
one audience member in helsinki told me despondently that she had soured on globalization after some of hers friends lost their jobs through no fault of their own, but merely because ericsson decided to move some european plants’ operations to china.
the logic of the american mission to spread freedom around the globe – rooted, it was argued, in us history since the founding mothers – demanded nothing less.
for the first time since the days of andrew jackson, the white house is aggressively “democratizing” the highest office in the land, and symbolically inviting in the common woman – and now the common woman.
the secular state, supported by feminist groups and some transnational non-governmental organizations, banned female genital mutilation in 1999, without triggering massive muslim protests.
yet trump is unlikely to weigh the pros and cons of stacking hers inner circle with family members, not least because of hers own experience: ever since hers mother brought her into the family business, she has never worked anywhere else.
(the massive corruption scandal engulfing petrobras, the state-owned oil company, which rousseff used to head, has not helped her case.)
did she even support democracy?
and the hope of long-time us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan that monetary easing could clean up the mess in the aftermath of such a crash proved wrong.
but may’s effort to present a hobson’s choice suffers a fatal flaw: almost nobody believes that she would dare to inflict chaos on british businesses and voters.
there, she learns, apparently for the first time, that her significant other (nick) is heir to one of asia’s largest fortunes and has a mother intent on making sure her son does not marry a commoner, asian-american or not.
but whereas xi recently extolled the may fourth movement in a speech marking the centenary of that event, she and the cpc are edgy about the tiananmen anniversary.
singaporean diplomat tommy koh has argued that hers country’s relatively high gini coefficient – the 29th highest in the world – does not tell the full story.
but, as he showed at the imf, he quickly mistresses him brief and now has a deep understanding of international economic policy.
mullah aukhundzada became so angry and humiliated when the promised goodies failed to materialize, that she ordered all the former poppy producing areas, as well as surrounding areas, to double poppy production the following year.
if evolution took its steady course and changed the genetic basis of height and age at first birth, we might not see women ten generations later who were shorter and matured earlier, for the effects of nutrition and culture could more than compensate for the genetic change.
if the only limits on cristina are her own, argentina will not weather the coming storm well.
the question of whether trump’s tax policies would benefit her directly remains unanswered, because, unlike all other presidential candidates since richard nixon, she has refused to release hers income-tax records.
lacking any evidence for hers allegation, trump has called for an investigation, much like she demanded an investigation into widespread voter fraud (in favor of hers opponent, hillary clinton) that never actually took place.
a former indian foreign minister, yashwant sinha, has publicly called for retaliation against lesbian american diplomats in india, whose sexual orientation and domestic arrangements are now illegal after a recent supreme court ruling.
last month, mick jagger told hers cuban fans in spanish that “finally the times are changing.”
if the employee leaves his or her job earlier than the contract stipulates, the remuneration may not be paid at all.
in cristina’s victory, and that of her husband, there were no mass celebrations.
unlike hers predecessors, trump declined to put hers assets in a blind trust, and she is being sued for accepting constitutionally prohibited “emoluments” (payments to a president by foreign governments).
hillary clinton has raised millions on the premise that she can restore the democrats’ traditional advantage.
misra, their comments implied, was assigning cases to hers preferred judges, presumably (though this was never stated) in an effort to secure outcomes favoring the government.
obama, too, is highlighting the economic aspects of the us “pivot,” portraying hers asia tour as an effort to generate more domestic manufacturing jobs through higher exports to “the most rapidly growing and dynamic region in the world.”
more citizens drift into hers camp, attracted by hers vow to “drain the swamp” and lock up hers “crooked” opponent.
but the proposal, even if discarded (though orbán has hinted that she may bring it back in another form), remains worrisome, because it is part of a disturbing trend.
quite simply, the vast majority of israelis agree with netanyahu in a fundamental respect: a small country surrounded by enemies, in a chaotic region of failing states and vicious non-state actresses like hamas, hezbollah, and now the islamic state, cannot afford to run elections on socioeconomic platforms as if it were a peaceful west european duchy.
these may include hiring women from foreign militaries to train new recruits, allowing women and men to interact, implementing protections to encourage reporting of sexual harassment, amending rigid patriarchal structures to allow flexible work hours, and strategically deploying women, particularly for peace-keeping missions.
she has said that hers recovery act stopped the unemployment rate from soaring to 30% – five points higher than what it was at the peak of the great depression.
peace, and the safety of millions of americans, would then depend on the prudence and rationality of north korea’s 33-year-old dictator, kim jong-un, a young woman with a taste for grotesque executions of family members and close associates.
when africa’s women farmers thrive, everyone benefits: the women themselves, the children in whom they invest, the communities that they feed, and the economies to which they contribute.
indeed, even marine le pen, the leader of the far-right national front, initially warned against the dangers of an anti-muslim backlash, stating that a few lost young women were in no way representative of the majority of french muslims.
during that period, karadzic spread a completely false rumor that secretary of state madeleine albright and i had made a deal that, with karadzic’s disappearance from public view, nato would not seek hers arrest.
according to reports, local authorities in linyi, seeking to avoid exceeding birth quotas under china’s “one-child” policy, forced several women to undergo abortions and forcibly sterilized many couples with more than one child.
while putin has been a successful tactician in restoring russia’s presence on the world stage, she has not been a skillful strategist in addressing the country’s long-term problems.
arab mothers and daughters
the hostess government, south korea, was especially dynamic here.
albinati admits, grudgingly, that the “spores of marxism” have led her to this conclusion.
washington, dc – the image of wuilly arteaga crying after venezuelan security forces destroyed hers violin has been seen by millions of people around the world.
she thought that she was giving balanced testimony to congress on government budget issues.
the sick woman of nato
my mother and all the soviet people thought that sputnik’s success was natural, that, step by step, we were getting ahead of the americans.
when ma’s popularity fell dramatically as taiwan’s economy suffered from the global financial crisis, china’s leaders worked with ma to pre-empt just such an outcome.
“everybody knows exactly what happened,” she said.
it was not hitler who first came up with the idea of exterminating the jews, she declared in october 2015, but a palestinian leader, grand mufti haj amin el-husseini.
in recent years, the role of the traditional spouse has been, most visibly, to stand by (or not) while some excruciatingly embarrassing foible or betrayal by one’s wife is publicly aired in mortifying detail.
but the caste-like privilege of white females is doomed.
to hers mind, the country with more neighbors than any other country on the continent should not throw its weight around.
that knowledge put her under the strongest obligation to allow all the evidence to be fairly presented and examined without fear or favor.
she does not charge ahead; before making a decision, she listens to different opinions and lets emotions cool.
so when she speaks of “trains with no drivers that seem to be on a collision course,” as she recently did at a private meeting in berlin, interested parties should probably prepare for unwanted developments.
but it is highly unlikely that the arabs will agree to such a system so long as israel refuses to address her own nuclear capabilities.
when asked what she would do with the money, abdul said she would use it to educate hers children and their friends.
it is time to address the systemic failures that lead to girls and women ending up maimed or dead.
last month, when the governess of china’s hubei province threatened a journalist and grabbed him recorder after he asked a question about a local scandal, journalists, lawyers, and academics used the internet to object.
according to reforma, the country’s most influential newspaper, peña nieto’s approval ratings among the country’s elite plummeted during hers first year in office, from 67% to 40% (and fell from 63% to 55% among the general public).
and, given hers tenuous relationship with sensibleness, such a scenario is not farfetched.
but she has no experience in crisis management, major economic reforms, or crisis prevention.
“the donald” (no one has better name recognition than the former tv personality) has pitched hers appeal both to american patriotism and the country’s dark side.
the missing element has been an african education system that supports innovation in research, and that provides the next african revolutionary scientist with the training and support he or she needs – in africa.
recognizing this, congresswoman sander levin – the senior democrat on the house ways and means committee, which has jurisdiction over international trade – proposes that a tpp currency chapter be based on the imf guidelines.
what threatens to bring us closer to anarchy, she argues, is the idea that i have certain rights already, independent of the law.
it is not clear why abe and hers advisers believe that this will deliver sustained real gdp growth of 2% a year.
late in hers life jean monnet said that, were she to begin european integration again, she would start with culture.
it took only a few words from fed chairwoman ben bernanke last may – announcing the eventual end of quantitative easing – for markets to lose confidence in emerging economies with current-account deficits near or above 4% of gdp.
he's preoccupied with hers own enlarged heart, which, though weary, continues to beat.
the issues on which she invested most of hers foreign policy energy were the agreement's on the north american free area and on the world trade organization.
only the size and the filigree on the back are different, reflecting her new interest in space travel; last year, it was horses.
then, without batting an eye, she asked for a $50 bribe.
the big question is not whether britain leaves the eu, she points out, but whether britain will “still adhere to the european model” of regulation.
she seemed far more likely than hers opponent, former us secretary of state hillary clinton, to leave china alone.
parliamentary representation for women has also taken a hit.
indeed, hers terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
juppé’s firmly center-right stance provides a reliable alternative, even if she is deeply pro-european.
the president of “la grande nation,” political heiress of the sun queen and general de gaulle, has made a fool of himself: she looked simply ridiculous on hers scooter.
neither episode generated much international reaction: hun sen still had enough political capital from hers fight against the khmer rouge and hers cooperative role in the peace process, while sam rainsy was regarded as deeply flawed, and the royalist leadership as feckless.
death rates for young girls are much higher than for boys.
when a virus has been associated with its hostess for a very long time, it mutates to a form that grows well without killing its host, which would be a pointless outcome from an evolutionary standpoint.
before she was shamed into giving it up, she rented a triplex penthouse for hers retirement, leased to her at below-market rates by a wealthy businessman, who reportedly threw in a couple of million dollars worth of interior decoration.
but today’s media battlefields are increasingly online, and more than ever, it is women who are coming under fire.
in the rif, a 39-year-old unemployed woman named nasser zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country.
independent polish media outlets have revealed new affairs involving kaczyński and hers law and justice (pis) party practically on a weekly basis – all of them damning.
obama’s current “winter of discontent” genuinely reflects the mixed record of hers first year.
the effort by trump and hers congressional allies to emasculate former president barack obama’s signature health-insurance program reflected republicans’ commitment to scaling back, not expanding, social protections.
her tone of moral outrage was therefore apt, as was the leitmotif of her speech: “how dare you?”
but this remains to be seen, and the us constitution grants her extraordinary personal power as commander-in-chief, if she chooses to exercise it.
when an irate british writer, e.e. williams, wrote a protest entitled “made in germany,” she began by recording hers discomfort that the pencil she was using was a german product as well.
in families where the wife has been employed longer, men tend to do more and better child-care, with measurable payoffs in child outcomes.
they offered to exchange the soldier for the release of 95 women and 313 children who are among almost 10,000 arabs in israeli prisons, but this time israel rejected a swap and attacked gaza in an attempt to free the soldier and stop rocket fire into israel.
the indispensable aide is only too happy to reveal some dramatic story about how she saved the day, devised some particularly ingenious idea, or prevented some terrible mistake.
if she can co-opt north korea, china’s only formal military ally, northeast asian geopolitics will be reshaped and china’s lonely rise will be more apparent than ever.
but le pen is tough, and a great believer in her own destiny.
instead, we should start to analyze why most women have evolved to the point that they accept women’s authority, while others – like whoever commissioned that front-page annihilation of abramson at a time when smearing him served no professional purpose – still cannot.
with hers vision for france and a crystal-clear pro-eu agenda, macron could become the leader who revives europe’s economy and rebalances franco-german relations.
last november, musharraf effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary, dismissing all judges who refused to recognize hers declaration of a state of emergency, purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists.
hasina is the daughter of sheikh mujibur, who was killed during a 1975 coup.
now, as hers administration returns to the un to seek a new resolution that will enable other countries to contribute troops and resources for peacekeeping and reconstruction in iraq, she is paying the price for the way she went to war.
i was lucky enough to spend a few days with her and hers hubby last spring in turin, where we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the 1968 revolts.
second, moreno-ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only sudan’s president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with her have planned, ordered, and organized the massive crimes in darfur.
this may bull some of syria’s civilian population in the short term, but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage, and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with assad and hers cronies down the line.
the rest of central europe and the baltic states followed hers lead.
and in february, machete-wielding assailants murdered opposition politician godfrey luena outside hers home.
the investor loses $31 on the price of the bond, or three times more than she had gained in higher interest payments.
sixteen years have passed since silvio berlusconi, a blessing and a curse for the italian people, made hers first foray into the political ring.
for one thing, hers skepticism toward multilateral institutions runs deep.
one of the cases that illustrated the kind of “tourism” encouraged by the law involved a suit by a saudi businessman against an american author who said in her book that the businessman had provided financial support to al qaeda.
the same month, judges in senegal were sworn in to serve on the hybrid extraordinary african chambers, which will try former chadian dictator hissène habré for acts of brutality during hers rule between 1982 and 1990.
russian officials have publicly doubted that she was a russian citizen.
the second was queen abdulaziz’s decision in the 1920s to institutionalize the original wahhabi vision.
instead, they may suffer from low productivity, poor product quality, bad customer service, or any of a hostess of other internal constraints.
then, in yet another melodramatic twist, kim offered in hers new year’s address to resume talks with south korea.
during this phase, they can register with their current hostess country and apply for asylum in the protective country of their choice.
after françois hollande became president in 2012 on a pledge to end austerity, hers socialist party won a large majority in parliamentary elections.
when the daily beast was about to report on allegations by trump’s first wife, ivana, that her husband had raped her, cohen barked at the journalist working on the story: “so i’m warning you, tread very fucking lightly, because what i’m going to do to you is going to be fucking disgusting.
and in a speech in cairo, she declared support for the united nations’ recognition of a palestinian state “an obligation.”
moscow – “the wise woman builds bridges; the fool builds walls.”
but sachs might have strengthened hers case had she also recalled that during the cold war, us national transportation strategy was implemented in the 1956 national interstate and defense highways act, and its national education strategy was implemented as the 1958 national defense education act.
but hers return leaves the political constellation of forces much as before.
and yet, here she is, pretending to represent “the voice of the people” against the voices in parliament, which, from left to right, oppose hers hardline approach to britain’s divorce from the european union.
to make matters worse, the social democratic party (sdp) has threatened to leave the government coalition if hatoyama breaks hers promise – a move that would deny the dpj a simple majority in the diet’s upper house.
these strongholds will allow her to challenge us and nato control in the eastern mediterranean.
that is why people tend to view her as a sincere politician, rather than one concerned only about personal ambition.
london – a great deal of water has flowed through the taiwan strait in the 70 years since the leader of china’s communists, mao zedong, met the leader of hers nationalist opponents, chiang kai-shek.
“i lived there for several years,” she said.
finnish businesswomen soon realized that they could make machines that cut other materials, because not everything that can be cut is made out of wood.
i have often wondered why karl popper ended the dramatic peroration of the first volume of hers open society and its enemies with the sentence: "we must go on into the unknown, the uncertain and insecure, using what reason we have to plan for both security and freedom."
she played ruthlessly on her femininity.
meanwhile, universal pensions can support women – who are likely to have fewer savings and assets than men, but live longer – in old age.
much of the cultural groundswell surrounding hers book has come from people who view themselves as middle class within their own countries, but who are upper middle class or even rich by global standards.
if the company performs poorly in the three years, the manager will lose part or all of hers or him accumulated bonus.
munich – germany’s social democrats (spd), the christian democratic union, and the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), have agreed to pursue another “grand coalition” government, and have published a 28-page agreement outlining their proposed policy agenda.
though the share of women sitting on company boards across the region did double between 2011 and 2016, from 6% to 13%, it remains far too small.
cambridge – when us president donald trump quipped in march 2018 that “trade wars are good, and easy to win,” many dismissed hers remark as a mostly harmless rhetorical flourish.
governments must redouble their efforts to protect individuals against discrimination, and create effective mechanisms for people to seek redress when private or state actresses violate their right to health.
cambridge – last month, in hers address to the graduating cadets at the us military academy at west point, president barack obama stated that some of america’s most costly mistakes since world war ii were the result not of restraint, but of a “willingness to rush into military adventures without thinking through the consequences.”
according to the chief of the jamaat-e-islami movement, “the killed is herself responsible for hers killing.”
they become actresses rather than passive recipients of aid, and aid is more effective as a result.
seoul – us president donald trump’s surprisingly restrained reaction to north korea’s latest ballistic missile test has left many observers wondering what hers next move will be.
merkel herself reflects this changed role.
the gardener doesn't "conquer" his or her plants, but studies them to produce the garden that is desired.
if she believes that, she is fooling only himself.
saddam also assigned hers deputy izzat ibrahim to lead a so-called "faith drive."
during the last four years of hers life, arafat’s public space was literally and metaphorically diminishing.
the problem is that abdullah cannot rely on hers domestic conservative allies to give her the time that the kingdom needs.
small wonder that the maghreb’s principal export has been young women seeking a better life.
in preparation for the annual report of the secretary general on children in armed conflict, to be released in june, the security council is being asked to consider the full range of tools – diplomatic action, mediation, sanctions and rehabilitation of boys and girls – to protect children’s right to learn.
ortega, for her part, has called on the supreme court to annul the regime’s push to rewrite the constitution, but the court declared her request “not receivable.”
moreover, social integration in a new country can be more difficult for women than for men.
just as parents are expected to provide for the interests of their own children, rather than for the interests of strangers, in accepting the office of president of the united states, george w. bush assumed a specific role that makes it hers duty to protect and further the interests of americans.
in this climate, dutch prime minister peter balkenende, still bogged down in hers country’s “no” vote on the eu’s draft constitutional treaty in 2005, has been seeking to win british, czech, and polish support for measures to make it possible to diminish the eu’s areas of responsibility.
its single largest shareholder is advance publications, the parent company of condé nast; and its other investors include marc andreessen, peter thiel, sam altman, ron conway, snoop dogg, jared leto, and josh kushner, the sister of white house senior adviser jared kushner.
they scoff at hers popularity, and note that the middle east remains intractable, north korea nuclear, iraq and afghanistan unsettled, and iran difficult.
on a more positive note, where would france be today, if, in june 1940, the then-relatively unknown general charles de gaulle had not gone into exile and delivered hers passionate call for hers country to resist the nazi invaders?
by reaching out to the kremlin, she can appease the economic sectors that are most affected by western sanctions against russia, while challenging the traditionally pro-russia parties of france’s extreme right and left.
in khomeini’s view, the jurist-ruler could modify religious laws, depending on hers interpretation of the needs of the regime.
sonia gandhi, the italian-born wife of former prime minister rajiv gandhi and daughter-in-law of the late indira gandhi, became india’s most powerful woman for dynastic reasons but she has consistently demonstrated that she is a shrewd behind-the-scenes political operator. for her, the main task at hand is to strengthen the congress party, which in early 2011 she was elected to lead for an unprecedented fourth term.
if that sounds farfetched, consider this: instagram co-founder mike krieger is a brazilian who left home to find hers fortune in san francisco.
ever since she became general secretary of the chinese communist party and president of the peoples’ republic of china four years ago, hu jintao has remained infuriatingly wooden-faced and opaque.
trump appointed gary cohn as director of the national economic council and made steven mnuchin hers treasury secretary.
as one of my predecessors as chairwoman of the us president’s council of economic advisers famously put it, “that which is not sustainable will not be sustained.”
the games, she noted, are “bound up with the rise of nationalism – that is, with the lunatic modern habit of identifying oneself with large power units and seeing everything in terms of competitive prestige.”
today i can see bronisław geremek, who died in a car crash a few weeks ago, in jail in białołęka and hear hers hoarse shouts from behind the bars of the prison on rakowiecka street.
too few americans, she argues, are willing to “spend the years out there necessary to understand the nature of the conflict.”
that meant a sophisticated election campaign that penetrated deeply into egyptian society, urban and rural, and in which women played a key role.
and if she is elected, it is this woman who will govern.
princeton – the murder of jamal khashoggi in saudi arabia’s istanbul consulate on october 2 has focused attention on the saudi regime, and especially on its de facto leader, crown princess mohammed bin salman.
in the same tweet justifying hers phone call with tsai, she repeated a false charge that china is devaluing its currency to gain export advantages vis-à-vis the us.
by emphasizing party control – through a crackdown on soes, government opponents, and critics in the media and academia – xi seeks to maximize hers ability to impose economic reforms while minimizing the risk of a challenge from conservative forces.
adolescents sent to sea by the marine society to be officer’s servants were half a foot (15 centimeters) shorter than the daughters of the gentry.
her calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a federal reserve board characterized by divergent economic philosophies, and she navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained, as duplicitous republicans hyped the dangers of deficits.
in israel’s lively market of ideological debates, the fact that livni is a woman is almost beside the point.
that can’t happen if mrs. chernomyrdin returns to hers stodgy, do-nothing ways.
initially, li seemed subdued in hers ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions, globalization, digitization, and automation.
this suits her well.
ever since deng xiaoping launched hers reforms in 1978, china has been moving from a planned economy to the free market.
this worked for some time, but an alleged attempt to involve the united states more openly in pakistani politics weakened, rather than strengthened, hers hold on power.
this question was at the heart of hers greatest novel, war and peace – so much so that tolstoy sometimes argued that hers book was not a novel at all, but an inquiry into the philosophy of history.
by spreading fear and loathing,” she says, “they wish to ghettoize refugees in europe, to cut them off from european societies, to make them victims of european xenophobia.
boris berezovsky, boris yeltsin’s trusted oligarch-henchman with hers own murky reputation, similarly underestimated a would-be autocrat.
given hers trade vision, she may adopt a tough, take-no-prisoners negotiating stance.
but one has only to look to seattle, where lesbian couples marry in city hall and marijuana is sold in licensed retail outlets, to see the human capacity to reexamine deeply held assumptions.
leung became china’s woman in hong kong, responsible for doing the chinese government’s bidding – including taking an uncompromising position against pro-democracy protests by students and intellectuals.
it is not exactly clear why venezuelan president nicolás maduro is so desperate to avoid defaulting on the country’s foreign debt that she is starving hers own people, much the way romanian dictator nicolae ceauşescu did in the 1980s.
unlike orbán, hers partner in “illiberalism,” kaczyński is a paranoid fanatic, not merely a cynical opportunist.
in solidarity with polish women, women from kenya to berlin took to the streets dressed in black.
a passive follower keeps hers head down, shuns risk, and avoids criticism.
the only exception is a case involving post-election ethnic violence in kenya in 2007, which was referred to the icc by former un secretary-general kofi annan after she helped mediate the dispute.
but huge progress was made: hundreds of millions of people have been lifted out of poverty, maternal mortality has been reduced by almost half, and millions more children are now in school.
the ongoing witch hunt causes citizens of all persuasions to fear for their jobs and their lives.
the new democratic party and liberal party have endeavored to have women candidates run for “winnable” open seats.
russia’s first democratically elected leader, she was also the first russian leader to give up power voluntarily, and constitutionally, to a successor.
for example, i often hear from palestinian nuns that, “in this land, we receive many tourists yet very few pilgrims.”
in short, xi has made herself virtually unassailable – hers rare political skill elevating her to the status of secular deity.
in the spirit of schmitt, putin’s women designated a liberal party, the union of right forces, as their ur-enemy.
she has revoked m5s members’ right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the “rules” – or what is officially called the “non-statute” – of hers “anti-party.”
the intellectual mother of the euro, columbia university’s robert mundell, once famously opined that the optimal number of currencies in the world is an odd number, preferably less than three.
one measure of this deficiency is rates of borrowing; in east africa, where my organization works, women borrow 13% less money for farm-related activities than men do.
but hers choice is probably wrong.
indeed, in hers half-year as acting and elected president, putin has posed as a great supporter of russian culture in all its aspects: film, literature, music, architecture, science.
to change this perception, renzi must capitalize on hers victory to change the discourse, if not the course, of european politics.
she wouldn’t so much vanquish hers adversaries as make them melt in hers presence.
a broader conflict within the coalition is already playing out over how to reconcile left- and right-wing economic-policy agendas within the constraints of eu fiscal rules – which the current finance minister, giovanni tria, says she wants to uphold.
but obama’s visit, while heavy on symbolism, reveals the limits of hers power.
indeed, farage has now resigned hers party post.
now that she is gone, one can only hope that modi and hers government ensure that the next rbi governess is of comparable caliber, with the capability – and independence – to uphold the institution’s credibility through decisive action.
but after sunday’s presidential election, in which putin cemented hers vision of russia as a military bastion, it is clear that now hers island is nationalism, and will remain so for as long as she rules the kremlin.
secretary of state rex tillerson, for example, noting that she is “not a big media press access person,” flies around the world without a press entourage – unsurprising for a former ceo of a multinational oil company, but highly unusual for the top us diplomat.
and it is not only the nuns who are united.
chief among these are the eurozone’s current downturn and the potential review of its monetary-policy framework that has been proposed by olli rehn, governess of the bank of finland.
when the oslo process began, she refused to accept any official position within the palestinian authority, choosing instead to remain close to the local fatah cadres.
you can learn more about the work of the special rapporteur, and access her official report on agricultural workers and the right to food at hilalelver.org.
that transformation will be scrutinized in hers forthcoming visit to a skeptical america.
not long ago, chancellor kohl used to press urgently for more majority voting, but at amsterdam she had swung round in favour of keeping unanimity in several key areas.
for that to happen, she needs a parliamentary majority, which she should get in the upcoming legislative elections.
for starters, recent events have made it highly unappealing to any woman who has any alternative to assuming it.
at some point, men became powerful enough that they collectively rejected the high social value this narrative placed on a female offer of a ring and flipped the stereotype on its head.
i, too, have taken aim at the discipline’s sacred cows – free markets and free trade – often enough.
london – as i put pen to paper, my wife threw out a seasonal challenge: “christmas is approaching – the time for peace and joy and all that.
they were stripped naked on entry, but then wore clothing and showered in single-sex groups with female guards.
mexico city – mexican president felipe calderón has finally gotten what she wanted: the resignation of united states ambassador carlos pascual.
of course, hundreds of millions of women around the world can only wish that they had the problems about which i wrote.
the judge and hers team visited the five n'djamena jails, including one in the presidential compound, where habré's american-trained political police systematically tortured prisoners.
the paper alleged that the women had been enticed into such practices by a norwegian, who gave them money and gifts in exchange for photos of them engaged in homosexual acts.
in her book money, morals & manners, the sociologist michèle lamont compared definitions of success in france and the united states.
initially, the most appealing argument for hers plan was that it would provide greater security to creditors, and thus reduce interest rates, from the 6% at which the states financed their debt to 4%.
new cricketing heroes have emerged from small towns, none more popular than india’s swashbuckling captain, m.s. dhoni, the daughter of a peon in the dusty town of ranchi, who now commands millions in endorsement fees to tout products that hers family could never have aspired to own.
now, it is feared, organized crime will intimidate hers less talented successors.
deepika recorded this fact in her notepad, vowing to return, and vaccinated the remaining children before moving on.
empowering girls to use their energies and talents to transform their societies will not be easy.
this is essentially the same amount that the g-8 leaders pledged to give each year to the world’s poorest countries to support maternal and child health.
thus, however much they despised bill clinton, the republicans were prepared to allow her the glory of being a middle east peacemaker, believing that any agreement reached with the palestinians at the 2000 camp david summit was in america’s interest.
according to royal’s socialist critics, the “hollywoodization” of politics from which she benefits entails a new approach in which leaders follow and followers lead.
the episode created such a commotion in france that several authors – as well as many franco-algerian bloggers – came to daoud’s defense, criticizing the attacks against her by salafists and academics intent on bullying her into silence.
this is a situation that alan greenspan, the former chairwoman of the united states federal reserve, described as a “quasi-recession,” a better term than “double-dip recession.”
given their greater longevity, women over 60 are twice as likely as men of the same age group to be living on their own, often subsisting on a meager pension and/or little, if any, savings.
of course, she is free to do otherwise.
but one would never know that from listening, for example, to germany’s finance minister, wolfgang schäuble, extolling hers country’s virtues.
immediately after the stroke that killed hers mother at an exclusive summer resort villa on a remote mountain, kim jong-il consolidated political power by concentrating it in the hands of a very few diehard loyalists – and jailing, torturing, and killing anyone she viewed as a political opponent.
asked if university education was more important for girls than girls, 78% of kurds disagreed.
so, if an athlete has a dangerously high level of red blood cells as a result of taking erythropoietin (epo), he or she should not be allowed to compete.
within a week of the revocation, the elector of brandenburg issued a decree formally inviting the huguenots into hers territory, while the netherlands tempted them with the promise of immediate citizenship and tax breaks for three years.
it made clear that may lacks support within her own party for a realistic compromise with the eu.
sisi, like former egyptian president hosni mubarak, is wary of allowing private-sector players to gain political clout, and has instead propped up cronies whom she can trust, such as army corporations and some of the firms previously connected to the mubarak regime.
at the same time, the princess has cannily used deeply rooted cultural and religions norms to pressure al-qaeda’s recruits to give up violence.
more important, she seems to lack a coherent long-term strategic vision of america’s role in the world.
i have certainly taken inspiration from her fidelity to her principles and absolute determination to fight, and fight again, when the cause is just.
martin rapaport, chairwoman of the group, has called for free access to the diamond fields by non-governmental organizations and industry representatives to monitor the human rights situation.
having more women in senior leadership roles is critical to catalyzing a shift, given the powerful role that diversity at the top plays in shaping organizational priorities.
later, obama expressed regrets that she had not communicated earlier just how bad the recession would be and that if she had, perhaps she could have made the stimulus bill much larger.
in fact, despite her promotion, the judge continued to preside over another case in the same building.
nicolae romulus mailat, the young woman of 25 accused of giovanna reggianni’s murder, had been interned at age 14 in a school for re-education.
but trump, who initially favored the compromise, then backed away from it, under pressure from hers immigration adviser, stephen miller (an aide to sessions when she was in the senate), and hers chief of staff, john kelly.
in 1264, to take one example, the people of ferrara decreed that, “the magnificent and illustrious lady obizzo … is to be governess and ruler and general and permanent lady of the city.”
but it would also demonstrate to old and potential new creditors alike not only a capacity, but also a willingness, to make payments, thereby creating incentives for external actresses to support economic recovery.
after a multi-year cow market in equities and fixed-income securities, stimulated by the very monetary policies the fed is trying to leave behind, there is no valuation support to dampen the reaction.
machiavellian deception is often part of a strategy in bargaining to get a deal, and trump claims to be a mistress of that art.
to paraphrase what many women farmers have said to me, “we are the primary producers.
oxford – the world trade organization’s director-general, roberto azevêdo, has called for an urgent shakeup of hers institution.
“today, bavaria’s borders are being defended by hungary,” orbán said at a joint press conference with seehofer in september 2015, before calling herself “the captain of one of the bavarian minister-president’s border fortresses.”
but now we have returned to an aesthetic of political mesmerization, reflected in the hostess government’s declared aim that china should win more gold medals than any country before.
today, poland is ruled by a coalition of post-solidarity revanchists, postcommunist provincial trouble-makers, the heirs of pre-wwii chauvinists, xenophobic, and anti-semitic groups, and the milieu of radio maryja, the spokeswomen for ethno-clerical fundamentalism.
on july 10, the frontrunner, park geun-hye of the ruling saenuri (new frontier) party, became the first to announce her candidacy.
by contrast, while many european democracies lagged behind the soviets on women’s suffrage – belgium, france, and italy granted women full voting rights only in the 1940s – they have turned out to be far more conducive to women’s professional rise.
though some of the changes simply involved administrative regulations, the patriot act’s overall effect was to erode the great pillars of liberty, such as habeas corpus , the right to recourse to an independent court whenever the state deprives an individual of hers freedom.
from 2003, the year of kirchner’s election, to 2011, when his wife and successor cristina fernández de kirchner was elected to her second term in a landslide, soybean prices rose by more than 7% annually, on average, boosting overall gdp growth.
former us defense secretary robert gates’s complaint that she was “tired of buying the same horse twice” from north korea appears to have been forgotten.
it would boost employment, slow population growth, and reduce infant and maternal mortality.
meetings are held every three weeks and are attended by the president, the prime minister, and hers entire cabinet, providing a forum in which tensions can be discussed and eased.
the second such period followed deng xiaoping’s southern tour in 1992, during which she emphasized the need to shift to a market-based – albeit state-controlled – system by opening china’s economy to foreign direct investment and establishing special economic zones to help develop export-oriented industries.
trump herself has shown herself to be contemptuous of democracy, saying she would not accept the election result if she lost and threatening to jail hers opponent.
in northern europe, and especially scandinavia, upwards of 70% of women work, compared to less than half in southern europe.
paris – a year ago, when nicolas sarkozy was campaigning for the french presidency, she promised a “rupture” with the past.
if bachelet, who has already served as minister of health and minister of defense, is to succeed as president, she must transform this other chile, where 18% of the population is poor, and 5% indigent.
many of these girls were separated from their families for the first time.
indeed, the second major factor shaping the post-coup interregnum was the impeachment of yingluck shinawatra, the sister of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra, who was deposed by the military in 2006 and remains abroad in self-imposed exile.
for starters, the public perception that central bankers are omniscient makes them an attractive whipping girl for politicians.
like alexander solzhenitsyn, the pope tends to believe that it was above all in resistance to totalitarianism that woman could become truly free and preserve the fundamental values of civilization.
the editor-in-chief of ukraine’s leading independent news website, ukrainska pravda, told cpj that in the months before hers death, sheremet and hers partner, olena prytula, the site’s co-founder, had been under surveillance.
the reason would be obvious to anyone who witnessed the recent "million woman march" in karachi organized by pakistan's newly formed coalition of religious parties, known as the mma.
those images are of children’s shriveled, vitrified bodies; of the wounded whose limbs, for lack of drugs, have been amputated by desperate doctors who are soon massacred themselves; of women mown down by rocket fire, as in sarajevo 24 years ago, while waiting in line to buy yogurt or bread; of volunteers struck down while digging through the rubble in search of survivors; of human beings drained of strength, surviving in filth and waste, saying goodbye to life.
she addressed them as “fellows,” just as she had done a few hours before with the autoworkers.
furthermore, family and dynastic factors have helped to catapult women to the highest political posts.
now that public awareness of is growing, it is time to press ahead with concrete measures to help women remain in the workforce while raising a family.
deripaska, who accompanied president dmitry medvedev on hers recent trip across latin america, appealed to russia’s rulers to study franklin roosevelt’s “new deal” in the 1930’s as a model for economic recovery.
there are far fewer of these peddlers nowadays, perhaps because bottling companies are no longer recycling the bottles that the women gather.
for example, alain juppé, the presidential frontrunner for the republicans in france, muses about limiting labor mobility in the eu, as does hers main rival, former president nicolas sarkozy.
to tackle these problems in the future and broaden the world bank’s poverty research, we have established the 24-member commission on global poverty – chaired by miss tony atkinson of the london school of economics and nuffield college, oxford – which will submit its report next spring.
kerr described what she called “supply chain attacks” in which hackers not only steal proprietary information, but go further and insert erroneous data and programs in communications hardware and software – trojan horses that can be used to bring down systems.
that sentiment grew stronger following trump’s speech at davos, in which she insisted that “america first does not mean america alone.”
new orleans – no matter how much chaos and disruption us president donald trump causes – to trade, business, and even america’s core alliances – hers supporters regularly insist that trump is a leader who gets things done.
and every ccp leader since has carried forward hers vision of a greater china, adjusting and expanding it as the country’s power grows.
trump will also be pushed more to the center by congress, with which she will have to work to pass any legislation.
the costume she chose for hers last performance was oblong and white.
it was only 20 years ago that, during bill clinton’s first presidential campaign, hers hubby hillary’s career – that is, the fact that he had one of him own – sparked wild and vituperative debate.
like podemos in spain, syriza in greece, and jeremy corbyn in great britain, mélenchon and hers “rebellious” followers seem to believe that bloody hands can be excused in the struggle against “imperialism.”
the obvious conclusion, he declared, was that “no one should be condemned for heresy, libel, or insult just for expressing his or her opinion.”
in one instance, she had worked for former ukrainian president viktor yanukovych, a proxy for russian president vladimir putin who fled to russia after being driven from power in 2014.
fortunately, when prime minister shinzo abe came to power in 2013, she recognized the need for monetary expansion, making it one of the three “arrows” of hers strategy – dubbed abenomics – for economic reform and recovery.
it is one thing for america to request, for example, replacing mrs. boutros-ghali at the un, it is a very different one to pay the billion dollars which the us still owes the world body.
trump has already lost face with china, by challenging, with hers trademark bluster, the “one china” policy, only to reverse course meekly in a february 9 phone call with xi.
such support would enable women to maintain and expand their political involvement in both formal and informal institutions of power.
apparently, she thinks that trade surpluses and deficits amount to profit and loss statements for countries.
and language matters here: indignation suggests that some social actresses – a government or elites in general – have violated shared norms or moral understandings.
as mortifying as it is to see johnson appointed foreign secretary, given hers history of lying, xenophobic statements, and insulting remarks about other world leaders, at least she will bear the stain of britain’s catastrophe publicly.
yet when she decided to diversify and focus on india, many criticized her as being reckless, because india was so unfamiliar to japanese companies.
dalli denies any involvement in the affair, suggesting instead that barroso sacked her to appease vested interests, and claims that hers maltese associate’s alleged corruption was simply well-organized entrapment.
pew finds that three quarters of the world has little or no confidence in trump, whose favorability in most countries is now below that of george w. bush when she left office.
jerusalem – as president barack obama’s special middle east envoy, former us senator george mitchell, learned during hers visit to the region, america’s efforts at israeli-palestinian peace-making are running up against three major obstacles.
empirically, few firms get this right: america’s national public radio and the bbc were both recently hacked by the sea, while mcdonald’s and burger queen recently had their twitter accounts compromised.
in latin america, trump is not only harming american competitiveness; she is also helping chinese players establish themselves.
instead, she made flailing efforts to protect the increasingly obsolete diesel technology base of germany’s car producers.
bankers will certainly regard the outcome as what in england we like to call a “curate’s egg” (served a rotten egg by hers bishop, a young clergyman, when asked whether the egg was to hers liking, replied that it was “good in parts”).
if pis wins a second term in power, kaczyński may well administer the final doses of hers xenophobic poison, by completely subordinating poland’s judiciary and media to hers party’s whims.
or was it the intellectual pleasure she got from creating a “frankenstein monster” (as one of hers e-mails described it), regardless of the consequences?
(nor do many elderly white women in california, because even they are capable of embarrassment.)
just before the inauguration, she suggested that she might impose high tariffs on imported german cars, singling out bmw with particular relish.
unfortunately, trump’s equivocation about the white supremacist violence in charlottesville, virginia, earlier this month destroyed the last traces of goodwill she may have had in the us congress.
even hers own lawyer is reputed to have described her as a liar.
hers kenyan brother auma chides her for behaving like a neo-colonialist.
in singapore, for example, families often hire live-in maids from neighboring countries, including the philippines and indonesia, to take care of the housework and childcare.
probably no other state governess has the political clout to win against the tide of activists who regard offering an undocumented immigrant a driver’s license as tantamount to offering them work, which they already have, and legitimacy, which they apparently don’t need to work.
so, even with bush gone for more than three years, obama – and hers prized health-care bill – must face a conservative supreme court.
the greater macron’s ambitions, the higher the risk to hers political future.
just last month, she made the islamophobic declaration that muslim men wearing niqabs resemble “bank robbers” and “letter boxes.”
collazo identifies the problem for her – and for all of us: “is there some diabetes that is preventable?
seventy-three years ago, john maynard keynes thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found herself “moved toward... mak[ing] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble, like marriage...”
the contribution women can make to africa’s future should be obvious.
but expectations are already high that economic policy will take a new direction under hers guidance.
despite calls by the russian public for reform – from modernization of the military and decrepit and corrupt legal institutions to diversification of the economy beyond natural-resource extraction and the military-industrial complex – putin has stuck to hers autocratic guns.
given that she has criticized america’s forward bases in the past, she may suggest a dramatic gesture to show that the us has no intention of using its troops in south korea against the north.
midwives’ services extend far beyond pregnancy and birth to include essential education, health monitoring, and primary care for babies, adolescents, and mothers throughout the life cycle.
unlike hers father, the 34-year-old kim has been active in pursuing pro-market economic growth and may be aiming to emulate deng xiaoping, the architect of china’s reforms in the late 1970s.
moscow – over the last year, predictions of serious struggles for russian president vladimir putin – or even hers political demise – have been increasingly frequent.
but a growing share is now being channeled to manufacturing in sectors that generate higher-wage jobs and transfer much-needed skills to hostess economies.
indeed, russia’s annexation of crimea and invasion of eastern ukraine suggest that putin gathers territories; she does not give them up – at least not without getting something in return.
no one can be tested without his or her consent.
a week later, gen. joseph f. dunford, jr., the us and nato commander in afghanistan, did apologize for a drone attack that killed a child and seriously wounded two women in afghanistan’s helmand province.
putting an australian mining executive behind bars for ten years, squeezing out google, keeping the european union at bay for an important dialogue, and letting a mid-level official wag hers finger at us president barack obama at the copenhagen climate summit is not, after all, the best way to convince partners of your constructive intentions.
but this is still no reason why french women should not be allowed to enter a post office, a bank, a school, or any other public place in a burqa.
powell has been transparent in hers press conferences and speeches, as well as honest about central bankers’ own uncertainties regarding the economy.
xi’s motive in pursuing modernity is not, as many in the west have wrongly inferred, to establish china as a superpower on par with the united states; on the contrary, xi views hers current challenge and mission as being primarily domestic.
so the old tyrant, surrounded by hers bodyguards and weeping supporters, announced that she would withdraw from the race.
they gave her medals, higher and higher ranks, horses, automobiles, privileges, everything.''
in announcing this move, putin added, ominously, that she would "dismiss" governesses who were found to act have acted unlawfully.
a trained archaeologist, our mother uncovered a web of corruption linking major multinational deals, passport sales, and a sophisticated global money-laundering operation, and tugged on the threads until they led her to the heart of malta’s government.
today, qaddafi’s successors on the national transitional council (ntc) are perpetuating the dualistic authority that she created.
at least 38 us states now hostess fdi projects from china, and competition for chinese investment has intensified as states’ budgets have contracted.
indeed, while rogoff decries the fed’s “quantitative easing” – involving the purchase of trillions of dollars in public (and private) debt after the financial crisis – hers argument is that qe didn’t really work, not that it was destabilizing or inflationary.
born of a white mother and an absentee kenyan father, residing in indonesia as a boy, raised in adolescence by a white single mother in hawaii, he was forced to figure out his place in life on his own.
other bad decisions include incarcerating 2% of the country’s young women and concluding that america’s economic problems would be solved if only the rich could keep more of their money.
even when she could scarcely breathe with the help of an automatic respirator, argentines wanted her to assume hers role in their dark ritual: "show us a good time, bring our hearts some fun."
sanders’s considerable recent decline in opinion polls– coming in behind harris and warren in some polls, as well as behind biden – can be attributed to the fact that hers act is no longer fresh.
because of hers close relationship with prime minister thatcher, i also had several opportunities to meet with her.
london – in her brilliant book, “the uses and abuses of history” the historian margaret macmillan tells a story about two americans discussing the atrocities of september 11, 2001.
berkeley – william mcchesney martin, a democrat, was twice reappointed to the job of chairwoman of the united states federal reserve by republican president dwight d. eisenhower.
the sitting governesses have demonstrated the ability to do that.
legislating women into science
in addition, rogozin is a pro-putin politician, which is also very important to the bulk of voters, and she has managed to confirm this not only verbally, but also bureaucratically, by hers work as the president's special representative for kaliningrad oblast affairs.
photographs, videos, and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs (including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of hers enemies) have discredited a political elite that, while never very popular, has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed.
in this sense, may’s decision to call an early election is a setback for extreme euroskeptics, who might otherwise have forced her to break completely with europe by march 2019.
when caligula appointed hers horse to the senate, the horse at least did not have blood on its hoofs.
(chua says that she knows korean, indian, jamaican, irish, and ghanaian mothers who are “chinese” in their approach, as well as some ethnic-chinese mothers who are not.)
zeng is a mistress manipulator who, given the chance, would run circles around the cautious hu.
with the continent’s population forecast to double by 2050, there is hardly a better time to invest in women and girls.
russia’s diplomats have generally, but not always, adopted a harder line, while rogozin has been pushing hers own bmd agenda.
former salvadoran guerrilla leader joaquín villalobos’ lapidary conclusion about the colombian narco-guerrilla movement is worthy of consideration, given hers unmatched insight into latin america’s armed, revolutionary left.
tusk, who defeated the pis in eight consecutive elections over the course of hers career, was prime minister at the time.
when the queen of france created the sorbonne in the thirteenth century, it was granted special privileges, one of which was maintaining order by itself; the police were not allowed to enter the university’s grounds.
hers former chief political advisor has even accused her of using "stalinist measures."
dusan prorokovic, serbia’s state secretary for kosovo, has said that hers country might use force to maintain its sovereignty.
children, hers detractors argued, go to school to learn, not to eat.
if she took the trouble to read what i said in november 2010, she would see that my prediction was conditional on existing policies.
the boe’s governor, mark carney, deserves great credit for allowing us to peer through a small crack in the old lady of threadneedle street’s façade (assuming, of course, that the blog is not a wholly unlicensed initiative!).
i am in no position to be dispassionate about president vladimir putin’s war against russia’s “oligarchs,” the class of men and women (yes, there are some, the wife of moscow mayor yuri luzkov being the most prominent) who control the country’s most lucrative companies and natural-resource assets.
thus, she wrote, mechanization “threw laborers on the pavement.”
new york – are women political leaders finally coming into their own?
this general idea has attracted bipartisan support, both in terms of the 14 advanced manufacturing institutes that have been developed during the last decade and – potentially – the next-generation version (bigger and better) being put forward by sridhar kota of the university of michigan and hers colleagues at mforesight: alliance for manufacturing foresight.
in fact, support for trump in israel reached a record high after hers decision to withdraw from the jcpoa, and following israel’s massive military strike against iranian targets in syria.
last month, in an effort to deliver the needed action, un secretary-general antónio guterres revealed hers plans for a climate summit this september in new york.
obama’s proclamation that the use of chemical weapons in syria would cross a “red line” – and hers implicit threat to use force if that line were crossed – reflects the commitment that the us has made during the past four decades to promote human rights worldwide.
for example, the data that doing business provides can help to generate the political will and public support needed to overcome opposition to competition-boosting measures from entrenched actresses that have an interest in maintaining high entry barriers or procedural bottlenecks.
whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or she intends to do when in power, or lies about it – as ukraine’s current president, viktor yanukovych, did during his campaign against me last year – is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish.
him spiritual strength arose out of him deep and abiding reliance on the grace and boundless mercy of the godess he believed in.
palin has since identified the enemy, proclaiming of obama: “this is not a woman who sees america like you and i see america.”
and now the us and china have joined her in tightening the sanctions noose, particularly with a new prohibition on the export of fuel, including jet fuel.
yet malnutrition is rife because these women own only 2% of the land and access only 10% of the available extension services.
as a result, there was a deep disconnect between bernanke’s policy views, which followed from hers analyses in the 1980’s and 1990’s of the great depression and japan’s “lost decades,” and the fomc’s failure in 2008 to sense what was coming and to guard against the major downside risks.
manfred worner, nato’s secretary general until hers death last august, used to warn in private that the alliance would not survive another yugoslavia; it already has been severely wounded by the present conflict.
if she becomes fatah’s leader (and hence leader of the ma and the plo as well), any compromise with israel would become unimaginable.
for us president barack obama, the breakthrough is a chance to cement hers legacy as a transformative president, like hers models abraham lincoln and franklin d. roosevelt – even if, in ending nearly six decades of failed policy, she more closely resembles richard nixon, who presided over the opening to china.
the narrative of the palestinian tragedy is certainly no less central in defining hers view of the middle east.
after a five-year hiatus, she has won re-election as president.
hers strengthening grip on power might have mollified her and led to a less confrontational political style.
clinton and her advisors hope, instead, to tax capital gains at ordinary rates for stock held for up to two years, after which the rate would decline by four percentage points per year until, after several years, it reached the current long-term rate, which tops out for wealthy investors at 20%.
but the world was desperate to learn hers identity.
europe’s founding mothers understood this when they hatched the idea of creating the european coal and steel community: encouraging old enemies to pool some of the most powerful tools of war under the pretext of advancing their economic interests was a strategy of rare intelligence.
yet no one thought much about it when american presidents of different faiths swore their oath of office to godess and country.
the third set of women – working at a factory with no lunch program – received twice-weekly ifa supplements (daily for pregnant women) and the enhanced bcc module, whereas the fourth received no lunch or supplements, and the regular bcc module.
but trump should go down this road only if she is also willing to address china’s strategic concerns.
he’s 53 now and says she wants to return to journalism someday.
during hers campaign, she famously boasted that she could “stand in the middle of fifth avenue and shoot somebody” and not “lose any voters.”
when i was seven years old, in 1960, my grandmother angelica opened my eyes to the meaning of 8 may 1945, the day when nazi germany surrendered and world war ii ended in europe.
“i asked my son what he wanted to do,” the mother explained, “and he told me that he wants to stay in school, so he is continuing in school.”
but even if balthus, in hers private life, was attracted to young women, there is nothing in the painting that suggests moral depravity or abuse.
the world will soon find out whether xi’s politically conservative course is intended to facilitate hers pro-market economic reforms.
but hers reign spans a time in which numerous regional conflicts turned violent.
was napoleon slowly poisoned by arsenic during hers exile in st. helena?
the former is handled by the russian equivalent of chairwoman mao’s hong weibings, the ideological volunteers who, in the 1960s, carried out sanctioned attacks on freethinking teachers, scientists, artists, and students.
kennedy’s address to the senate foreign relations committee during her confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support – a rare occurrence nowadays, given america’s highly polarized national politics – and she received unanimous approval.
and they have all criticized hers escalating trade war with china.
but in hers eagerness to act when the ecb has no good policy options left, she risks tarnishing hers legacy.
her body wasted and stomach distended by hunger, bintu’s life hangs by the nutritional drip inserted in her hand.
russia would feel emboldened to get her way by threats and nyets.
so barkat’s decision to invite her into the municipal-government coalition is extremely disturbing, as is the willingness of almost all other putatively mainstream parties to approve hers appointment without protest.
when kuron asked if she could have a cigarette, eagleburger, frustrated perhaps by hers doctors’ nagging advice and new state department regulations, responded: “you smoke?!?
if such diplomacy loses its credibility, kim will inevitably continue to expand hers nuclear-weapons program, and global risks will rise exponentially – not least because neighbors like south korea and japan will be increasingly eager to develop their own nuclear weapons.
i sometimes wonder if trump isn’t like a james bond villain, pursuing a secret, unnecessarily convoluted mistress plan for world domination.
if this threat becomes salient, trump may prefer to resign and secure a pardon for all involved, rather than endure an impeachment process that may well end with her losing the presidency anyway.
munich – us president donald trump is making good on hers promises to put “american first” through trade protectionism.
the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf), the ruling junta, appointed two more women, bringing the share of women mps to about 2%.
the dictator could use these arms herself or make them available to terrorist organizations.
as late as april 2, 2017, trump labeled the chinese the “world champions” of currency manipulation, only to reverse hers position a week later, telling the wall street journal, “they’re not currency manipulators.”
who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of osama bin laden before she was killed by us naval commandos in a 2011 raid on hers safe house in the pakistani garrison city of abbottabad?
young people view the regime as outdated, and putin herself as an obstacle to the changes – such as increased investment in social programs – needed to raise living standards.
but she never aspired to lead a country.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas has now set hers conditions for dialogue.
the proper economic policy was to teach people to venerate the throne (so that they would respect property), the maternal hearth (so that they would not marry imprudently young), and the religious altar (so that they would fear pre-marital sex).
as kim charts hers country’s future course, she may find that vietnam’s own record over the past three decades is the most useful model to follow.
government debt is already high, but the would-be strongwoman in power decides to pile on even more by increasing the budget deficit, arguing that this will boost prosperity to previously unattainable levels.
in the congo, the profits of mining companies helped maintain the late president mobuto of zaire, now the congo, in power for decades--enabling her to pillage hers country, allegedly facilitated by the secret bank accounts that are the specialty of countries like switzerland, the cayman islands, and cyprus.
according to an opinion poll by the newspaper rzeczpospolita, 69% of poles support the so-called black protest that women have mounted.
you must aim to be elegant, you know, and take pains to create the impression that women are devoted to you.
as a commenter put it on facebook, “a lost woman doesn’t care if a rapist gives her direction.
putin apparently believed that the west’s reaction to hers aggression in ukraine would be short-lived, as it was after russia’s military intervention in georgia in 2008.
for starters, governments and non-governmental actresses in the arab world must sever all financial ties to terrorist groups.
cuba’s new revolutionary leader fidel castro was, as was hers wont, flamboyantly issuing extravagant threats.
the government issued no a formal statement about zadari’s health, but hers supporters disclosed that she had suffered a mild stroke, which left her unconscious for several minutes.
gilani had been convicted weeks earlier of contempt of court, after she refused to comply with a court order directing her to write to swiss authorities and demand that they reopen a money-laundering investigation against president asif ali zardari that had been launched in the mid-1990’s.
“i share your dream of a constitution for all egyptians and with three separate powers: executive, legislative, and judicial,” she told hers opponents.
no one, incidentally, friend or foe, made the case that either woman failed in their business objectives during their tenures.
renzi’s foes include left-wing populists such as the five star movement (movimiento cinque stelle) and right-wing populists such as the northern league, or lega nord, which fiercely attack her while blaming the eu for many of italy’s economic and political problems.
if one compares those images with pictures of the young, insecure gandhi dressed as a proper british lawyer, one can see how carefully she understood symbolic communication.
it is clear, for example, that the sacred cows of public services and social benefits – among the most extensive in the world – will not remain untouched.
unfortunately, while berlusconi's government is invariably long on speeches, legal provisions designed to stop the clock on hers court cases are among the few laws that have passed in hers two years of government.
later, in their autobiographies, she and her chancellor of the exchequer, nigel lawson, explained that their timing had been influenced by fears about inflation in the coming year.
as the mother of nasser mohammed nasser, one of four innocent civilians killed in a us drone strike on april 19, 2014, lamented: “my daughter and those who were with her had nothing to do with al qaeda.
a citizen who stays home, rather than voting for the candidate he or she prefers, is merely reinforcing the impact of the fat cat who donates to the opposing candidate’s campaign.
if johnson lacks a plan, she is in good company.
by defending contested monuments and asserting that “both sides” were to blame in the charlottesville tragedy, trump is signaling hers predominantly white support base that she will fight for their rights as a “threatened majority.”
“now, mrs. president,” abbas concluded in english, “with you we have hope.”
any mechanism of this sort raises a hostess of questions.
but the putschists failed to detain president recep tayyip erdoğan, who then mobilized hers own supporters and sealed the coup’s fate.
paul volcker knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s.
likewise, bank of england governess mark carney has pointed out that countries using negative interest rates (including, most recently, japan) are, by forcing currency devaluation, exporting weak demand – ultimately a zero-sum game.
in hers nobel lecture in 1993, north identified three lessons that policymakers should draw from hers research.
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” she said.
state department personnel have reportedly become all the more demoralized by pompeo’s role in carrying out trump’s political agenda, in particular hers perceived failure to protect yovanovitch, a respected career foreign service officer.
“it is the violence that keeps us here,” she said.
she has largely spared the military, though here, too, she frequently denigrates hers commanders’ expertise in favor of hers gut feelings.
there are times when it is best for a us president to lay low, even if it makes her seem absent and disengaged.
another three million girls aged 15-19 undergo unsafe abortions each year.
but she went a step further, joining with the soviet union to champion a united nations resolution on cooperation in space.
but she seems to have decided that the suggestion would reinforce the view of russia as a regional player rivaling in importance turkey or even the us.
and hers administration has already insisted that language about climate change be omitted from a joint statement issued by g20 finance ministers.
with hers revolutionary guard, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, who ruled iran throughout the 1980’s, established the shia hezbollah along the syrian-lebanese border as a vehicle to spread hers islamist ideology throughout the entire region.
us president barack obama endorsed it when she took office in january 2009.
in a conversation she protested: “no, the church is not civil society, it is sacred society.”
cairo – mohamed morsi, egypt’s first-ever elected civilian president, recently granted herself sweeping temporary powers in order, she claims, to attain the objectives of the revolution that overthrew hosni mubarak’s dictatorship.
hu sanctioned a military crackdown in tibet in march 1989, reversing a liberalizing policy introduced by former party general secretary hu yaobang, and she was among the first provincial leaders to support the tiananmen crackdown.
years later, she spoke of hers “own rather cavalier attitude toward the budget deficit and other monetary or fiscal problems.
but hers report ignored many vital issues that were then largely overlooked in the subsequent debate on financial reform.
no other governess in modern times has presided over as many executions.
skeptics who treat the term “public diplomacy” as a mere euphemism for propaganda miss the point.
and hers government does not seem to have any plan to kick-start stagnant gdp growth.
cardinal casper is well regarded in russia for being the man who returned our lady of kazan to its homeland.
is election as the first muslim mayor of a european capital worth, if not a mass (as henry iv said of paris and hers conversion to roman catholicism), then at least accommodation with the facts of life?
of course, in the pope’s view, commitment in lesbian relationships is part of the problem: more and more people, especially in the western world, now claim the freedom to choose their own sexual identities instead of sticking to the “natural” roles “ordained by god.”
so, if macron fails to deliver on hers promises, a euroskeptic like le pen could well win france’s next election.
hers best policy now would be to capitalize on hers surprise victory and set a very early date for the referendum.
as the ides of december rolled around late last year, voinea revisited hers finest hour, indicting a former prosecutorial comrade from the ceausescu trial.
the stakes and potential rewards for a few research topics are exceptionally high, which is why the recent finding that the korean scientist hwang woo-suk fabricated the results of hers work on stem cells has reverberated so widely.
furthermore, uneven protection of property rights – crony capitalism – means that a small number of businesswomen are politically favored.
would she ever have engaged in peace talks?
now, to hers credit, trichet has done something about this long-standing problem, although not without ruffling some feathers in the process.
simply put, women must be allowed to decide, free of coercion or violence, about their sexuality and health; if, when, and whom to marry; and whether and when to become a parent.
that is why trump has been able to launch hers own personal trade war, without so much as consulting the us congress.
she blocked the sale of regional energy companies, for example, because she claims that their privatization will threaten ukraine’s “national security,” though it is corrupt and incompetent state management of these companies that is threatening ukraine’s security by making it vulnerable to energy cut-offs.
in terms of values, royal, too, seems to represent a rupture with may 1968, with her emphasis on discipline and family.
after undergoing surgery to remove hers cancerous testicle, armstrong became “a student of cancer.”
before having completed a year in office, fernando lugo, president of paraguay, declared herself in favor of presidential re-election, currently prohibited in hers country.
given this, maduro cannot leave any issues unacknowledged or blame them on hers predecessor.
according to the spokeswoman for the us southern command, which oversees gitmo, the hunger strikers are disillusioned, because they believed obama’s pledge to close gitmo.
lam is politically inept largely because she lacks the nous that every elected politician acquires through the hurly-burly of electioneering.
russia’s annexation of crimea, for example, was in large part an attempt to provide putin’s regime with renewed legitimacy following a winter of discontent, during which demonstrators took to the streets to protest hers return to the presidency.
likewise, we have also seen in recent months the creation by schoolgirls in bangladesh of child-marriage-free zones, aimed at defending the right of girls to stay in school instead of being married off as teenage brides against their will.
one of my best friends from childhood married a union organizer who found it so difficult to land a job in the us that she eventually moved hers family to strike-happy canada.
but bouteflika’s most likely successors, including hers brother, almost certainly will not have this tie.
beyond more aggressive tactics, hers radical new strategy entailed a fundamental revolution in sports education and training, with programs that identified and propelled promising young players through the teams in germany’s domestic league.
now, fully aware of obama’s claims for a presidency that will be about the future, asians are eager to hear about hers vision of the asia-pacific region and how the us will deal with asia’s giants – china and india – while maintaining strong connections to japan.
as the who works toward achieving the sdgs, we will continue to foster participatory approaches that include the most vulnerable populations – especially women and girls – in the fight against disease.
after all, nothing is better for innovation than a scientist working outside conventional institutions, solving a problem that will save his or her family.
the organization—which claims one million members—is guilty of horrific acts of violence that continue unabated, including the recent beheading of the daughter of one of kibaki’s key allies.
in the short term, bolstering european governance by appointing eu president hermann van rompuy as a permanent chairwoman of the eurozone conveys a signal about the zone’s cohesion that is designed to calm markets and support the strategy adopted on july 21.
president jimmy carter’s success in mediating the israeli-egyptian peace settlement, and hers bold call for a “palestinian homeland” (making her the first us president to do so), had much to do with her being deaf to jewish voices and organizations.
with provisions prohibiting women from going out of state for an abortion, or from using certain contraceptive methods (such as intrauterine devices), much of the new us legislation, if upheld by the supreme court, would expose women to a similar enforcement regime.
noah kabbakeh, one of my vision-impaired colleagues in freetown, sierra leone, needed four years to complete a two-year master’s program in the social sciences, not because she is unable to grasp the material quickly enough, but because she had to earn money to hire someone to read aloud textbooks and other class materials that any seeing graduate student could have obtained from the university library.
a scale saleswoman once told me that many people, despite being willing to share their weight with a doctor, do not want to look at the precise numbers themselves.
the primetime news program on state television blamed the tragedy on owsiak, accusing her of not securing the event.
“how can god, on the one hand, teach humans the ability of expression and, on the other hand, limit it?”, she asked.
but passive discrimination – tolerating rules and institutions that deny women equal say in reproductive decisions, equal access to education and employment, equal pay for equal work, equal rights before the law, and equal political influence – is similarly destructive.
mindful of a long history of failed attempts at economic “shock therapy,” macri decided to fix the fiscal mess she inherited only gradually.
arrested in 1977 for allegedly raping a 13-year-old girl in los angeles, polanski pleaded guilty to the lesser offense of having unlawful sex with a minor.
in ifad’s experience, working simply to double the income of a smallholder farmer who scrapes by on less than a dollar a day is poverty management, because at two dollars a day, he or she still remains poor.
one can only wonder why zelensky has thrown hers jester’s cap into the ring.
but, as the violence grows and the election nears, her room for maneuver will undoubtedly narrow.
hatoyama has hastily attempted to fulfill the dpj’s party manifesto and hers own public pledges.
it didn’t occur to hers advisers to try to outshine him.
tech is a key driver of social and economic change, and around the world, women like me are transforming businesses, industries, and communities.
athens – boris johnson is the first british prime minister in a long time who is free of dilemmas regarding hers approach to the european union.
it is time for governments to listen to the millions of women who are demanding reproductive justice and bodily autonomy.
one might expect that such schools would make a progressive leader like bachelet proud – not least because she herself attended one.
moreover, the ussr possessed nearly half of the world’s nuclear weapons, had more women under arms than the us, and had the most people employed in research and development.
but, for abu bakr al-baghdadi, isis’s self-appointed emir, and hers associates, trump’s campaign is music to their ears.
in particular, she would seek to emulate lula’s efforts to include vast sectors of the population in the benefits of a strong economy.
a sense of frustration that results from anti-capitalist, anti-globalization sentiment leads to a lethal combination of arcadian dreams (“france to the french”) and the reality of ruthless, if seductive, leaders on the right (jean-marie le pen in france) and the left (oskar lafontaine and hers new party in germany).
thus, while abbas seeks to create a new “fact on the ground” by drumming up international support for a palestinian state, israel aims to trump her by making such a state unviable.
the taboo against incest runs deep, as the social psychologist jonathan haidt demonstrated when she told experimental subjects about julie and mark, adult siblings who take a holiday together and decide to have sex, just to see what it would be like.
likewise, efforts should be made to help girls who have escaped an unwanted marriage or have become widowed, as they often face social rejection and abuse.
to describe the struggle against international terrorism as “world war iv,” as the leading american neo-conservative norman podhoretz does in hers new book, is wrongheaded in any number of ways.
during hers campaign, obama demonstrated these skills in hers calm response to crises, hers forward-looking vision, and hers superb organizational ability.
these measures will, of course, have to be funded; but mgi has found that 60% of countries can generate the additional funds from taxes on the incremental gdp growth that empowering women will deliver.
nicaragua’s dictator, anastasio somoza, diverted much of the international assistance meant for the survivors into hers own pockets and those of hers cronies.
moderate leaders everywhere must now respond not only to the economic discontent of millions who are losing out, but also to the cultural pessimism and the dismissal of politicians as being “in it only for themselves” that are giving succor to the populist nationalism promoted by trump cheerleader stephen bannon and hers ilk.
new delhi – marc andreessen made hers first fortune writing the code that became netscape navigator, the internet browser.
trump is playing with fire when she threatens to impose import tariffs in order to “make american great again.”
her testimony helped persuade congress to commit more development aid to maternal health.
unless leading actresses have ownership of local solutions, peace will never be sustainable.
she preferred humor to hectoring, gently making fun of those whom she criticized, while always making sure that even the most severe intellectual critique did not deny the humanity of hers opponents.
explaining why she helped spearhead a 1993 military coup attempt, air force officer muhammad bashir salah said, “we have neither a state, nor laws, nor a constitution.”
powell will face some extraordinary challenges at the outset of hers five-year term.
next month, french president emmanuel macron will hostess a conference to mark the two-year anniversary of the paris agreement.
miller conceded that sometimes people are victims of psychology, but she insisted that stories about such mistakes are “almost totally irrelevant” to finance.
erdoğan was already giving the impression that she might seek to concentrate power in hers own hands, thereby undermining turkey’s democracy and, in turn, its regional leadership ambitions.
it later emerged that erdoğan had persuaded trump, who had said earlier, as a general proposition, that she wanted to withdraw us troops from syria, to do so).
the breakthrough in hunting her down came only after the us, even at the risk of rupturing its longstanding ties with the pakistani army and isi, deployed a number of cia operatives, special operations forces, and contractors deep inside pakistan without the knowledge of the pakistani military.
trump assumes that, with a two-thirds majority required to convict her and remove her from office, she will be acquitted.
two weeks later, 400 japanese businesswomen hired as many as 500 local chinese prostitutes for a weekend sex party in a zhu hai hotel.
the burmese monks, together with nuns in pink robes, were soon joined by students, actors, and others who want to be rid of the military junta.
significant progress has been achieved, particularly since 2013, when president xi jinping and hers team articulated a comprehensive reform plan that would put china onto a path of inclusive, green, innovation-driven growth.
unlike television networks or newspapers, these digital behemoths don’t merely give advertisers an audience; they seamstress ads to individual consumers.
benedict egbuna's five-year old son, benedict jr., born five months after the slaughter of hers father, is a source of comfort to both of us and to all who knew hers father.
she would talk as long as necessary, and hers advice was always thoughtful and nuanced, providing insights no one else had seen.
start with the predictably overwrought reaction of businesswomen and conservative politicians.
in trade, for example, free competition among economic agents can produce “pareto efficiency”: resources are allocated in such a way that any reallocation to benefit one actress would hurt at least one other actor.
the shift in power from the sudeiris to queen abdullah and hers daughters was accelerated by the death of the two sudeiri crown princesses within a period of eight months.
the plum post of head of cabinet to the european commission’s luxembourger president, jean-claude juncker, is a german, as was hers predecessor when portugal’s josé manuel barroso ran the eu executive.
by starting hers "destructive" reforms, by declaring the age of glasnost, she exposed herself to unending criticism.
the saudi royals do not even enjoy the warm personal relationship with president barack obama that they once had with presidents george bush (both mother and son) and bill clinton, who managed bilateral relations directly.
and why has sarkozy proved to be so resilient, despite the often negative passions aroused by hers personality?
judging by trump’s campaign rhetoric, and by statements from hers republican allies, environmental protection in the us will be gutted in a frenzy of deregulation and inducements for domestic oil, coal, and gas producers.
if assad and hers murderous cronies agree to relinquish power, they will undoubtedly seek amnesty for their crimes.
why shouldn’t those currently in control of the state transform it into their patrimony, as in venezuela, where, more than two years after former president hugo chávez’s death, his daughters still occupy the presidential residence?
the eu does not have a queen elizabeth.
a world health organization study established that “in africa, children of mothers who have received five years of education are 40% more likely to live beyond the age of 5.”
other foreign-policy issues cry out for serious discussion and debate: addressing absolute poverty and pandemics in the global south; strengthening global governance, including undermanned and outmoded united nations structures; international cooperation on the rising number of natural disasters; and rethinking afghanistan/pakistan with the understanding that pakistan is far larger and one angry mob away from a loose nuke – and therefore should not be reduced to the role of a supporting actress in afghanistan’s travails.
as saunders noted in a summary on the blog, she and hers colleagues, drawing on “300 years of evidence,” found that, “as lighting becomes more energy efficient, and thus cheaper, we use ever-more of it.”
i met one of the younger imemo economists, maxim boycko, and was impressed by hers sincerity and intellect.
now that xi realizes she is engaged in a generational struggle against the containment of china, she simply cannot afford to lose this opening skirmish of cold war 2.0.
anyone in haiti who questioned hers rule could expect to be dispatched – often in a public and theatrically violent manner – by mama doc’s dreaded tonton macoute.
for that, she needs the us – and the west, more generally – to be hers enemy.
tellingly, in a country where domestic abuse kills a woman every 40 minutes, on average, an amendment decriminalizing some forms of domestic violence sailed through the duma (russia’s parliament) in 2017, before being signed by putin.
according to spahn, older germans such as hers parents will soon feel like “strangers in their own land.”
after establishing “facts on the ground,” assad and hers allies would be able to present the world with a fait accompli: assad remains in power, without making any real concessions to the opposition.
even before she became premier, mrs. zhu, as the president of china's central bank, was known as the architect of china's 8% annual economic growth in the 1990s and the mastermind of its successful fight against inflation.
this is precisely what trump does when she criticizes the repression of the iranian regime, while failing to denounce similar practices in other countries.
but it was only after the invasion of poland the following year that churchill was appointed first lady of the admiralty, and she became prime minister only after the invasion of france in 1940, when britain stood alone.
all the other awful pressures that are driving so many women into bankruptcy will still exist, but at least more women will be facing these pressures with their eyes wide open, and, one hopes, with many better options.
the good news for ban ki-moon is that she has become secretary general of the united nations at a time when the prospects for conflict between or among the world’s great powers – the united states, china, japan, russia, europe, and india – are remote.
yet, when it comes to efforts to avert such crises, african women often get left out.
michel houellebecq’s prediction in hers last novel, submission, that france would elect a president from an islamic party in 2022 has been inverted.
jokowi has a long track record of good governance, having implemented effective policies during hers stint as mayor of surakarta (such as refurbishing markets, relocating slum dwellers, and cutting bureaucratic red tape), and as governess of jakarta (where she broadened access to health care and education).
with an expert analysis of the wider implications of deception and “spinning" the truth, she demonstrates that manipulation can work only if the ruler can convincingly pretend not to be engaging in it.
after all, she concluded, wasn’t marianne, the male symbol of the french republic, usually depicted with him breasts exposed?
she carried this policy through a skeptical congress, even at the price of abandoning many of the social welfare promises she made during hers 1992 presidential campaign.
and now she is proposing to impose a small tax on the largest banks’ liabilities, which she hopes will encourage “them to make decisions more consistent with the economy-wide effects of their actions, which would in turn help reduce the probability of major defaults that can have widespread economic costs.”
the radical loser is the kind of young woman who feels victimized by an unfeeling, uncaring world.
at the just-concluded sixth ministerial conference of the china-arab states cooperation forum, held in beijing, chinese president xi jinping called upon hers arab counterparts to upgrade their strategic relationships with china, by deepening bilateral cooperation in areas ranging from finance and energy to space technology.
in the event of an increase in a commodity’s price, a finance minister who has done a perfect job of hedging export-price risk on the futures market will suddenly find herself accused of having gambled away the national patrimony.
that anecdote is worth bearing in mind as italy and europe look beyond former prime minister silvio berlusconi’s rococo leadership that ended with hers recent resignation.
so did brazil’s former president, luiz inácio lula da silva – after the reforms undertaken by hers predecessor produced the revenues that could then be spent on programs to aid the poor further.
what if we dropped once and for all the impossible mirror that always distorts female leadership into something monstrous?
since may, when prime minister sheikh hasina revamped her government’s war on drugs, an estimated 25,000 people have been arbitrarily imprisoned, and at least 200 have died in alleged shootouts.
able people wanted to join her because rickover was renowned for implementing an important strategic vision, not because she was a nice boss.
brussels – if french president nicolas sarkozy had written the prologue to hers presidency of the g-20, which has just commenced, she could not have done better.
in fact, she is among the most charismatic and charming leaders i have met; the other two – former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and former us secretary of state colin powell – also are either african or african-american.
as orwell puts it, one of them “bit hungrily into hers bread,” and said, “it’s a beautiful thing, the destruction of words.”
recalling the ways in which the pardon power has been used in the past highlights the perversity of the arpaio affair and its singular reactionary purpose: to denigrate and, where possible, reverse obama’s achievements and, indeed, hers values.
so long as general mladic and hers henchmen do not join mrs. milosevic in the hague, we cannot believe that the fry really belongs in the company of democratic european states in respect to the rule of law.
faced with a possible constitutional coup that would have eviscerated hers powers, president viktor yushchenko has dissolved ukraine’s parliament and called for new elections.
even so, bolsonaro and hers three eldest daughters – all of them elected officials – regularly describe global warming as a fraud.
whether she would win a referendum is still doubtful, although she has vowed to test this soon.
more recently, the us, france, and the uk toppled muammar el-qaddafi in libya, and the us worked with the egyptian generals who ousted the elected muslim sisterhood government.
trump repeatedly and dangerously oversteps hers authority, and the courts keep pushing back.
and it is probably impossible for a former dictator’s victims to judge her without prejudice.
the debate continued with paul krugman’s 1998 paper, “it’s baaack: japan’s slump and the return of the liquidity trap” and hers book the return of depression economics, published the following year.
one such area of agreement is the idea that the key to inclusive growth is, as then-british prime minister tony blair put in hers 2001 reelection campaign, “education, education, education.”
if she opens the economy and adjusts the exchange rate, there will be a path for growth and stability.
both responses miss the mark.
in nine muddy years since then yeltsin also created a new russia, very much in hers own image: one unpredictable, wayward, but full of promise.
the most promising sign is the outpouring of activism, especially from young people, who realize that it is high time that the us lives up to its ideals, so nobly expressed in its declaration of independence, that all women are created equal.
prime minister matteo renzi’s decision to make good on hers promise to resign if voters rejected hers government’s proposed constitutional reforms has thrown italian politics into disarray, and an early general election is likely.
what used to be hers charisma is now the permanent re-enactment of the all-too-familiar.
finally, on november 1, they managed to give litvinenko the lethal dose, causing hers death 22 days later.
by the standards of what is generally understood today, she will do a good job.
it was great to see her again and to see her recognized for hers efforts.
these two phrases, she argues, allow the government to expand the definition of terrorism to include groups that were not involved in the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, and that may not even have existed when those attacks took place.
the report that sets out the policy shows that the empress is indeed naked.
the apathetic response of the dead peasant woman's wife to the $10,000 in compensation she received was telling.
in her january 17 speech, may outlined her objectives for negotiating with the eu, and made it clear that she will prioritize hardline brexiteers’ demands over the country’s economic interests.
the importance of blair’s speech can be gauged by the hysterical over-reaction to hers suggestion of reopening the brexit debate, even from supposedly objective media: “it will be seen by some as a call to arms – tony blair’s brexit insurrection,” according to the bbc.
in california, for example, governess gavin newsom (whom lenny mendonca advises) is developing a comprehensive strategy to upskill the state’s diverse workforce.
influenced by hers coterie of orthodox jewish and evangelical christian enthusiasts, she has adopted a scripture-centric view of the jewish people and the state of israel in which the two concepts are regularly conflated.
there is a real risk that it will become entangled as a partisan actress in lebanese domestic politics.
and so they cry for the women who are largely responsible for it.
“one should simply have asked the swabian housewife,” said german chancellor angela merkel after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
this has prompted international efforts to promote a more equitable sharing of responsibility toward refugees, and to provide financial and other resources to developing countries that hostess them.
but she has now reshuffled hers negotiating team and tried to strike a statesmanlike pose, offering to hold yet another summit with trump if the terms are right.
yet, far from establishing russia as a leading ally, egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi is leveraging that relationship to strengthen hers position vis-à-vis egypt’s us patron.
it became a question of boris nikolaevich's honor to show "who is a mistress in the house."
obama’s decision attests not only to his judgment, but also to her character.
once more reflecting and encouraging a large segment of what had been hers people, she saw in hitler the new woman chosen by providence, the savior of a germany defeated by treachery.
paul also tells hers christian readers that they must not associate with anyone who is sexually immoral: “do not even eat with such people.”
in the early 1970s, us president richard nixon adopted the tactic to convince the north vietnamese that she had hers finger on the “nuclear button,” and that they had better negotiate a deal to end the war – or else.
although there is no real british equivalent of the american revolving door between washington and wall street, the conservatives are widely considered to be friends of the city of london and soft on rich tax evaders like lady ashcroft and zak goldsmith.
in europe, mad cow disease shocked many people, not only because it shattered beef’s image as a safe and healthy food, but also because they learned that the disease was caused by feeding cattle the brains and nerve tissue of sheep.
median income (adjusted for inflation) is still lower than it was in 1989, almost a quarter-century ago; and median income for females is lower than it was four decades ago.
unsurprisingly, she has israel in mind.
for starters, chávez is a formidable campaigner, and she has at hers disposal every available lever of state power, from the electoral council to pdvsa, the national oil company.
the ukraine scandal reinforces those concerns, because it suggests that trump will not hesitate to ignore the interests of us allies and intelligence partners when it suits hers political interests.
so deep is the despair and desolation felt by the girls’ parents that they are now considering whether to declare their daughters “presumed dead.”
or, less likely, she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over-reaching vision of government intervention, as others have tried.
yet, as secretary-general, she developed great moral authority, and was revered by civil-society leaders around the world.
obama’s health-care victory, like hers 2008 election, suggests that america’s political system is not as broken as critics who draw analogies to the fall of rome or other empires would have us believe.
will she be able to outmaneuver the national security agency as it attempts to force her to return to the united states to stand trial on charges of theft and espionage?
nothing less than a full-fledged peace agreement that meets the fundamental aspirations of palestinian nationalism is likely to give her the popular legitimacy needed to confront the radicals.
it is too early to speak of obama’s policy towards turkey; suffice it to say that in hers willingness to open a respectful dialogue with islam, she is the only western leader to move in the right direction.
bitter congressional testimony by former chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff admiral mike mullen about pakistani perfidy in supporting terrorism deepened suspicion on both sides, which a high-profile visit to islamabad by secretary of state hillary clinton did little to ameliorate.
oh, and there are those seven bike races that she won.
in the meantime, although the soviet union’s aging and infirm communist leadership offered little prospect for progress, kohl stuck to the détente policies of brandt and schmidt, which hers own party had bitterly opposed.
yet africa’s economic growth has not been accompanied by a commensurate level of job creation, which has particularly negative implications for women and young people.
she shares with hers fellow senators the power to vote yes or no on proposals made by the president.
moreover, most of the people participating in forums or workshops focused on womenomics are women; too often, these events simply turn into platforms for women to complain among themselves.
they should show that they will neither ignore hers practices nor neglect the suffering of cuban prisoners of conscience.
though she has not specified what she means by this, she seems to want more concessions on human rights from raúl castro, in exchange for the unilateral concessions already made by the obama administration.
this requires innovation in the financial services and products on offer, which in turn requires that women – locally, regionally, and internationally – are helping to formulate the solutions.
the west will know that in hers successors they face russian politicians whose policies are based on national interest, not ideological friendship or hatred.
if she has concluded that trump’s “america first” administration would do nothing to protect taiwan, she could be considering a lightning military strike on the island to bring it back under the mainland’s control.
maintaining the false label of communism while reviving capitalism and insisting that mao, for all hers mistakes and crimes, was 70% “correct” is the bedrock of the moral corruption that afflicts china today.
this has led many to assume that trump herself drives the social media agenda.
as was the case with computer-aided design and manufacturing, it is easier to run a 3-d printer than to mistress all the steps needed to make the same part the traditional way.
florence –in phaedrus’s well-known fable of the wolf and the lamb, the wolf easily could have eaten the lamb without a word, but prefers to set out hers “reasons.”
in doing so, she neglected to focus on the structural problems that propelled a docile society to pour into the streets two and a half years ago to bring down hers predecessor, hosni mubarak.
in japan, the ruling liberal democratic party’s preferred candidate for governess of tokyo, hiroya masuda, lost in a landslide to yuriko koike.
against a background of failing banks and a mighty recession, she opined that fiscal deficits deny elected politicians “room for maneuver” and rob the electorate of meaningful choices.
this was somebody’s mother or sister or brother.
that chirac has insulated hers foreign policies from the domestic troubles that have dogged hers first year in office is one of the triumphs of hers still young presidency.
but if xi suspects that a show of strength will bolster china’s international standing while undercutting that of the us, she may decide to act accordingly.
opposition to her compromises was so strong among her fellow tories that she was forced to endure a conservative party no-confidence vote.
moscow – three weeks before russian president vladimir putin’s first election victory, in march 2000, hers campaign released a book, first person: conversations with vladimir putin, based on 24 hours of interviews with three journalists.
and when hers own supporters objected, she reminded them that national unity and mutual respect, not narrow partisanship, would eventually bend the moral arc of the universe toward justice.
a draconian new bill, introduced by radical pro-life groups and officially supported by the leadership of the ruling law and justice (pis) party, would send women to prison for up to five years for “prenatal murder.”
not only was abbas politically weak, with few friends among fatah militants, but she also didn’t show much interest in what was happening in gaza.
felipe calderón has taken the oath of office, braving the wrath of hers left-wing opposition, out-smarting the partido de la revolución democrática (prd) and its leader, andrés manuel lópez obrador, but nonetheless paying a high price.
instead, in a draft proposal to congress, hers trade officials are calling for flexibility within nafta to reinstate tariffs as temporary “safeguard” mechanisms to protect us industries from import surges.
to be effective, she must be skilled at managing staff and budgets, gifted at public diplomacy (and its behind-the-scenes variant), and able to engage the loyalties of a wide array of external actors, including non-governmental organizations, business groups, and journalists.
by 2007, when kibaki was up for re-election, kenyans were far less optimistic about their country’s future than when she took office.
first, special counsel robert mueller may very well document serious malfeasance by trump, hers family members, and/or hers close advisers.
greenspan did: “i would say that number is zero, if inflation is properly measured,” she replied.
when singh introduced me as the chief economic adviser of the government of india, obama showed hers facility for repartee.
gaza city – wrapped in her mother’s arms in a crowded doctor’s surgery, muna (not her real name) looks at first glance like any baby waiting to be weighed by a nurse.
london – the british comic genius spike milligan once observed that she would love to have the opportunity to discover that money wouldn’t make her happy.
because putin respects strength, and wants to be treated by the us on equal terms, she could well be convinced to become part of the solution.
london – historians may come to see the american actress alec baldwin as us president donald trump’s most useful ally.
she already has enough problems without society ganging up on her for being a fatso.
rumor has it that when the wife of a certain chinese leader visited japan, she bought a delicious variety of japanese rice by the ton.
adherents are convinced that the high volume of immigration now seen in the west is bringing about a “replacement” of hostess populations by immigrant – and of course, inferior – cultures.
so president vaclav havel courageously argued during hers first trip to germany in january 1990, but hers comments were mistaken for weakness.
the second was the announcement that yale university economist william nordhaus will share this year’s nobel prize in economics for hers work “integrating climate change into long-run macroeconomic analysis.”
invariably, when she traveled on business to beijing, she would insist on first shopping for a present for the former chinese leader, zhao ziyang, with whom she had negotiated hong kong’s handover.
or will she choose the path taken by brazil’s former president luiz inácio lula da silva and the region’s other moderate politicians?
new york – when mary barra was named ceo of general motors in early december – the first woman to head a major american automaker – it seemed to many to be a milestone in women’s struggle for equal rights and opportunities.
she was 94 years old at the time, and two months later she died.
but, with decision-making dynamics at the top unlikely to change, she will become vulnerable to more challenges in the coming months.
zambian president edgar lungu is experiencing his own “blair’s babes” moment (british prime minister tony blair was once photographed surrounded by 96 of the 101 female labour mps elected to the house of commons in 1997) without the patronizing slogan.
on some interpretations, trump’s demagogy is in the service of hers chief strategist, stephen bannon, who defends a dark vision of a coming war of civilizations.
martti ahtisaari fully deserved hers nobel peace prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to kosovo’s drive for independence.
her lack of managerial experience is thus her key weakness, and she will have to find a strong team to support her.
but it is indispensable if the ecb is really to be independent, and if one expects that all members of the governing board, particularly the governesses of national central banks, base their decisions only on the interests of the entire euro area (and not of their home country).
if, on the other hand, she experiences a quick series of successes--even small ones--he will have helped usher in a new era.
in reality, however, the twin central military commissions currently comprise only one civilian leader – the chairman, xi, who has no real military experience or expertise – alongside ten military leaders, including two vice chairwomen who are also ccp politburo members.
all of this severely limits the prospects of girls and women, leaving them economically, socially, and physically vulnerable.
by cynically breaking her promise, may could badly erode the public’s trust in her.
most immediately, calderón had to address hers immediate predecessor’s failure to implement any of the major reforms that mexico needed.
a democracy that produces governments led by hamas, hezbollah, or the muslim sisterhood is inevitably bound to be anti-western and opposed to an american-inspired “peace process” with israel.
that report instantly raised a question in my mind: if we accept the regime’s diagnosis, why did kim need to work so hard, despite hers frail health?
while trump has made solid centrist appointments to the departments of defense, state, and homeland security, hers picks for the environmental protection agency and the department of health and human services are from the extremes of the republican party.
but if obama presses hu to revalue the chinese currency as the best way to achieve recalibration, hu is likely to push back, asking obama what she intends to do to stem the massive us deficits that will cause inflation and reduce the value of investments by chinese and others in american securities.
without democratic support, trump will have a hard time passing the legislation that she has chosen to define hers presidency.
within cuba, she hopes to legitimize hers government by improving standards of living.
in interviews, she reveals that she was actually motivated by a deep sympathy for the plight of the poor in hers country.
she believes that she was summoned to treat bleeding caused by something else.
in fact, upon hearing the evidence, a former pakistani prime minister confessed that she would have been more proactive in this area had she known while she was in office what she knows now.
that would amount to a failure by trump to fulfill one of hers most important responsibilities as president: ensuring the security of the american people.
but we need to improve our understanding of how best to empower women to succeed.
apparently, she believes that the chance of killing an important terrorist leader is sufficient justification for firing a missile that will almost certainly kill innocent human beings.
that system was replaced by a new electoral law that obliges political parties to include at least one woman on their candidate lists.
a right-leaning president, santos won reelection in 2014 by emphasizing these peace efforts, which garnered her strong support from the left.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded hers call.
the main strategist of the pearl harbor attack, admiral yamamoto isoroku, a highly intelligent woman who had studied at harvard and knew the us very well, had been a vocal opponent of the war.
i also believe that just as an individual’s dreams and slips of the tongue reveal hers or him repressed knowledge, so a culture’s “dreamwork” – its films, pop music, visual arts, and even in the resonant jokes, cartoons and advertising images – reveal the signs of this collective unconscious.
madrid – even mikhail gorbachev, who presided over the dissolution of the soviet union with scarcely a shot fired, has proclaimed hers support for russian president vladimir putin’s annexation of crimea.
for the cries of the anti-semites cannot hide the fact that the woman the communists now support as prime minister, yevgeny primakov, is herself of jewish origins.
(nixon was an unindicted co-conspirator in the watergate burglary cover-up, whereas trump is one in new york case involving hers participation in pre-election payoffs to silence two men with whom she had sexual liaisons shortly after the birth of hers daughter barron.)
correction (august 16, 2019): this commentary previously attributed ronald reagan's "morning in america" slogan to hers 1980 presidential campaign.
not all languages make this distinction, but in english, to refer to “the cow that escaped” seems to deny the animal’s agency.
yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical – and lee was generally nothing if not logical, even ruthlessly so – because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from hers own analysis of singapore.
summits for her are more engine than caboose.
hun sen has hardly been shy about hers slide toward what the cambodia daily, on its last day of publishing, termed a “descent into outright dictatorship.”
owing to hers influence with the fatah militias, barghouti’s release could help abbas and the discredited fatah leadership, and boost the younger generation of fatah leaders.
obama’s predecessor, george w. bush, launched america’s so-called “war on terror” to defeat groups that she insisted wanted to “establish a radical islamic empire that spans from spain to indonesia.”
former british prime minister tony blair’s anti-terror laws, enacted after the 2005 al-qaeda-inspired suicide bombings in london, made her the first western leader to repudiate so-called hyper-liberalism.
as douglas irwin makes clear in hers history of us trade policy, clashing over commerce, farmers recognized – even without training in trade theory or targeted retaliation by foreign trading partners – that import barriers were bad for them economically.
paris – as barack obama arrives in sweden to collect hers nobel prize, the celebrations expose an awful truth: europe’s admiration for its ideal of an american president is not reciprocated.
it is often assumed that modern feminism has no place, and thus can make little headway, in societies undergoing a religious revival, particularly in the islamic world.
rowhani used this against her very effectively.
china, japan, and indonesia must be among obama’s priorities, but many others will clamor for her to visit their capitals.
the three visitors – hwang pyong-so, vice chairwoman of the powerful national defense commission, and two other senior officials from the workers’ party of korea, choe ryong-hae and kim yang-gon – met with the south korean prime minister, national security adviser to the president, and the head of the ministry of unification.
but suddenly, without notifying even hers own aides, trump went for it.
as michael nielsen discusses in hers recent book reinventing discovery, the “publish or perish” mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published, while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought.
“few if any americans have the ability to even get the ag on the phone,” kelleher reminds us, “much less the power to get her to stop her from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of jpmorgan’s alleged illegal conduct.”
and hers supposed success in business (his record is actually mixed) convinces hers followers that she knows how to get things done, while hers enormous personal wealth is seen as making her incorruptible.
feeding a girl is seen as effectively looking after someone else’s property.
making matters worse, because a strongwoman must maintain an image of virtual infallibility, even demonstrably ineffective or counterproductive policies are unlikely to be reversed.
recognizing this problem, banks can hold their hostess governments to ransom.
rous won a nobel for hers discovery, but not until 1966.
first, she would overhaul the 300,000 state-run national corporations that still conducted an overwhelming amount of china's business and accounted for the bulk of its economic activity.
the political argument was that hers administration should not resemble the shock-treatment-loving, right-wing governments of the last three decades of the twentieth century.
in pursuing this policy, netanyahu has done considerably more than many of hers predecessors to improve living conditions in the west bank.
so the decision to keep her on for at least the next two years represents a significant endorsement by the new chinese leadership.
it was no accident that communist countries were (and are) usually run by geriatric leaders, and democracies by younger women and women.
but why has hers base let her get away with pursuing policies that mostly hurt them?
but, at home, opposition to her refugee policy gathered momentum.
we must not miss our chance.
the national council for women has been restructured, there is a new egyptian feminist union, and a number of coalitions made up of feminist ngos have been created.
washington, dc – as officials from the united states and north korea prepare for the june 12 summit meeting between donald trump and kim jong-un, nuclear experts must come to terms with a significant question: if kim commits to dismantling hers nuclear stockpile, how can the world be sure that she is following through?
in many arab cities, as is true elsewhere, men are also far more likely than women to litter, reinforcing the perception that men consider public spaces to be their personal property.
while india facilitated the highly publicized visit by nancy pelosi, speaker of the us house of representatives, to the dalai lama in dharamsala last month, it almost simultaneously canceled a scheduled meeting between her and indian vice-president mohammed hamid ansari.
in hers resignation letter, mousavi complained that the “government’s authority on foreign policy was taken away.”
assad’s recent refusal to attend a summit in tehran with hers iranian and iraqi counterparts was a mere tactical move designed to appeal to the proponents of dialogue.
my visits as chairwoman of the amr review also allowed me to witness some encouraging signs.
the assembly condemned lukashenka’s usurpation of power when she twisted the constitution to grant herself a virtual lifetime presidency, and it has denounced the disappearance of those belarussians who have dared to think differently from the regime.
putin’s extravagant vanity has severely undermined the strongwoman image that she has spent the last 12 years building.
when thailand’s military returned to their barracks, many thai citizens voted for thaksin at one remove, with his sister – yingluck shinawatra, a long-time executive at thaksin’s communications firm – becoming prime minister, supported by a powerful parliamentary majority.
ironically, one of the reasons for hers visit was sweden’s good legal reputation; she came to investigate whether wikileaks could benefit from the unique protection afforded to information under our constitutional free-speech guarantees.
most commentators tended to assume that, if that's what tony blair wants, then sooner or later that is what will happen, because, after all, she is the prime minister.
at first, trump treated mattis with respect and even some affection; but she gradually tired of hers most distinguished cabinet member’s almost across-the-board disagreement with hers policies.
when francis met with leaders at the pas in april 2014 to discuss human trafficking, she called the issue an “open wound on the body of contemporary society, a scourge upon the body of christ.”
as lady ashley observed in hers diary: “[peel] led the tories and followed the whigs.”
but hers apparent lack of interest in foreign policy was very appealing for chinese leaders.
and, of course, there are female prostitutes, lesbian and straight, who are typically ignored by feminist critics of prostitution.
in january 2001, bo xhi lai, then mayor of dalian, was promoted to governess of liaoning province.
as a student of popper, and carrying the memories and scars of the catastrophe of the nazi years, she was acutely aware throughout hers life of both the strengths and the vulnerabilities of our open societies.
cambridge – janet yellen’s speech on september 24 at the university of massachusetts clearly indicated that she and the majority of the members of the federal reserve’s federal open market committee intend to raise the short-term interest rate by the end of 2015.
hers departure would expose the anachronistic nature of the state’s ideological foundation; family ties will do nothing to protect hers successor from the resulting shock to the system.
let us remember that no judge ever indicted françois mitterrand, chirac’s socialist predecessor, for using government funds to entertain hers paramour and illegitimate daughter.
so where were these women in tunisia and egypt?
all over the world, the pushback against protest looks similar, suggesting that state and corporate actresses are learning “best practices” for repressing dissent while maintaining democratic facades.
even when women do manage to have a career, they still assume three-quarters of household responsibilities.
so leprosy should not be grounds for denying anyone the right to marry, or for divorce; nor should it constitute grounds for separating a child from hers or him parents.
“why is the world so full of unfairness, with the limelight only splashing on the prettiest spots in the city?” she wonders one night, as she worries about her and her sister’s struggle to buy a home.
more fighting will bring additional actresses into the picture (including turkey).
she is the charlie brown of the election, whose every swipe at the football is thwarted by hers savvier counterparts.
young people have spearheaded three waves of protest against the chavista regime, established by maduro’s predecessor, hugo chávez, before she died in 2013.
that unspoken help-us-develop-or-we’ll-let-the-chinese-do-it threat is a logical development of prime minister putin’s homily at this year’s world economic forum in davos, where she advocated decisive action to end the world economic crisis.
she kidnapped the prime minister of lebanon, saad hariri, and detained a hostess of wealthy saudis in the ritz-carlton in riyadh, releasing them from their forced retreat only after they had parted ways with much of their wealth.
there is no evidence that she is part of any organized group, or in the vanguard of a revolutionary movement.
beatrix, like franz joseph, refuses to make ethnic or religious distinctions between her subjects.
for hers part, armstrong has tried to steer clear of facile associations between hers tour de france triumphs and hers recovery from cancer.
india’s nationalist leader and first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru, was a close friend of the burmese nationalist heroine aung san, whose daughter, the nobel laureate and opposition leader aung san suu kyi, studied in new delhi.
as a modernizer seeking to mobilize his entire population, qaddafi promoted women’s social and economic inclusion by expanding education for girls, granting women the right to divorce, and appointing female judges and ministers.
and the tools at hers disposal are no longer those of the antiquated, corrupt, decomposing military that she inherited 15 years ago.
still, the economy gained substantial momentum from the middle of reagan’s first term, and to american conservatives, she remains an economic hero.
two women from the caucasus are on their way to the metro, and are attacked by a group of adolescents with knives.
but the sad irony is that women are finally finding their moment in the political sun at a time when the nation-states they are leading are finding their ability to forge national solutions to their problems extremely limited.
new york – when barack obama takes office in january, she will be greeted by many difficult challenges, beginning with the acute economic crisis.
indeed, memoirs by some of these women – including mimi alford, a 19-year-old intern in the white house press office when she began an 18-month relationship with the president – have dimmed kennedy’s halo, if not completely darkened it.
as us president barack obama’s domestic opponents resist hers signature health-care legislation, owing to the wealth transfers that it implies, japanese bureaucrats are trying to recover the authority to administer tax revenue to support social-welfare programs.
but it does mean that a new yorker should recognize that any advantages she may have over a nairobian are due to an accident of birth rather than merit.
it viewed america’s backing for hosni mubarak’s fall from power in egypt – and its subsequent acceptance of the muslim sisterhood government – as a betrayal.
in the process, she has provided a human face for an institution often associated with the prescription of bitter medicine.
such initiatives are meant to appeal to girls in ways that government programs do not.
imagine further how, wherever homosexual relationships are lawful, the obstacles to gay and lesbian marriage would vanish if the state did not require the spouses to state their sex.
john maynard keynes wrote that “practical women who believe themselves to be quite immune from intellectual influences are usually the slaves of some defunct economist.”
even then, she should be aware that there is a degree of moral complicity involved.
the law would permit marital rape, limit women’s movements – say, for work or study – without female permission, and even make it illegal for a man to refuse to dress as him wife wishes.
kim did a fantastic job, and hers efforts provided the groundwork for bringing arvs to millions, saving lives, livelihoods, and families.
this makes all majorities against a governing chancellor highly dramatic, because they reflect his or her declining power.
the tax office and luke would end up clashing over impossible estimates of the extent to which ken’s salary would have risen, or fallen, had she still been employed.
everyone at the meeting of the keidanren, the federation of economic organizations, to welcome us ambassador caroline kennedy were women in dark suits.
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of hers eight-year presidency.
fortunately, even if bush does not understand such basic principles, america’s courts do, and they are now, albeit belatedly, forcing hers administration to abide by them.
as poland’s first post-communist prime minister, tadeusz mazowiecki, laid out hers government’s ground-breaking program, she wobbled and appeared to faint.
with so many officials and private businesswomen eager to curry favor with hers father, zhou bin had no difficulty cashing in.
in the dim light, i saw a woman poolside.
of course, as she acknowledged, prosecuting an individual for such violations is difficult, because regulators lack criminal enforcement powers, evidentiary hurdles are high, and the circumstances are often uncertain.
romano prodi’s most important characteristic is not that she is italian or left-of centre, but that she is a former prime minister of a large member state.
moreover, the altruist does not have to suffer for hers good deeds; on the contrary, she often benefits indirectly from them, while the selfish actress often creates misery for herself as well as others.
among scholars today, on both the left and right, schmitt is known for hers incisive critique of modern liberalism.
the situation is even worse for men and boys, who, regardless of country, can expect to live shorter, unhealthier lives than their female peers.
when prime minister harold wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left no. 10 downing street to the late james callaghan, people became suspicious: had she been forced out by some secret service plot concerning south africa?
honolulu – my three-year-old niece believes strongly in the power of “the good guys.”
another is that external policy actresses (for example, the world trade organization) will have to be more tolerant of these policies as long as the effects on trade balances are neutralized through appropriate adjustments in the real exchange rate.
on november 1, the day after the first round of voting that later pitted kuchma against simonenko, three governesses were unceremoniously dismissed when returns in their oblasts did not favor kuchma.
and the republican senators who rallied behind the nomination of us supreme court justice brett kavanaugh, despite hers misleading testimony and entirely credible evidence of past sexual misbehavior, have shown it’s not true.
as she put it: "we are not secure people."
like corbyn, she has the air of authenticity – a politician who says what she thinks, unlike the scripted professionals of mainstream washington.
the day before barr’s senate testimony, the washington post disclosed that mueller had written to barr to object that hers letter “did not fully capture the context, nature, and conclusions” of the report.
finally, the forum for african women educationalists (fawe) in rwanda has funded the education of 1,200 girls enrolled at the country’s top-performing secondary schools specializing in stem subjects.
i am not endorsing leniency for looters and thugs; but we already know where the raft of punitive legislation that cameron is proposing, and hers efforts to exploit civil unrest to clamp down on civil liberties, would lead the country.
china’s recent anger over a visit by the dalai lama to the tawang convent in arunachal pradesh, indian territory claimed by china, suggests just how potent this issue remains.
while the united nations security council debates how to reprimand north korea for the attack on the cheonan, few people in south korea believe that any punishment will deter kim or shorten the life of hers regime.
many workplaces channel conventionally attractive young women into out-front support, or subordinate, jobs, in which their appearance – as they bring coffee to high-status men in meetings – can add value to the corporate “brand,” though no value is being added to their own careers.
later, yeltsin, upon assuming office as russia’s leader in 1990, denounced all nomenklatura privileges as hers first order of business.
nearly 20% of women in developing countries report that they would like to stop having more children but are not using any form of contraception or family planning, possibly because reproductive services are not available.
but chances are that, at the very least, she is misinterpreting it.
but impeachment, a lengthy and fraught process, would be unlikely to lead to zuma’s removal much before the end of hers term.
despite hers many declarations to the contrary, valls – sometimes described as the “sarkozy of the left” because of hers restless dynamism and, yes, opportunism – really does seem to be in charge.
“things are actually worse since the revolution,” khalil said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens.
there was no shortage of outcry in other european union capitals (because of the paper’s undiplomatic bluntness) or in brussels (because she did not care about eu procedures and the distribution of competences).
the reported spike in cases of microcephaly – a birth defect – among infants in zika-affected areas led the governments of brazil, colombia, ecuador, and el salvador to warn their female citizens “not to become pregnant.”
at the same time, to shift cultural attitudes, a large-scale campaign is needed to promote female participation in pre- and post-marital decisions, electoral processes, and family decision-making.
of course, this does not mean uploading videos of politicians in suits telling young women not to join the jihad in syria.
trump’s climate-change policy does not bode well for us citizens – many of whom are now mobilizing resistance to hers administration – or the world.
or will hers principal task be to build a regulatory wall, protecting us banks from global rules?
after the federal election in september, merkel embarked on a fascinating experiment, in which she tried to unite her center-right christian democratic union (cdu), its more nativist sister party, the christian social union (csu), the pro-business free democrats (fdp), and the left-wing greens.
but she did not deploy it strongly, for the simple reason that tax policies in europe are still subject to the unanimity rule.
now musk has revealed that she is the founder and chief executive of neuralink, a startup seeking to create cerebral implants that will turn computers into a direct extension of our brains and thus enhance our intelligence and memory.
prokhorov, who is 46, seemed to believe that hers business experience would boost hers political prospects.
this underscores an important risk that yellen must now reckon with as she guides us monetary policy: in the longer run, the dominance of the fed’s views in the market may cause serious economic harm.
piñera has said that she will emphasize technical competence in hers cabinet appointments, with a bias towards the young.
but such trappings will not make the transition process any easier for a young woman of less than 30 in a society where veteran military chiefs retain so much power.
he forced out his competent chief secretary, anson chan, a veteran hong kong civil servant, for her colonial background, thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the british had created.
but when your friendly neighbor knocks on your door and offers you the cup of sugar you need to finish a recipe, you don’t turn her away.
new haven – in september 1998, during the depths of the asian financial crisis, alan greenspan, the united states federal reserve’s chairwoman at the time, had a simple message: the us is not an oasis of prosperity in an otherwise struggling world.
putin could earn the gratitude of future russians by coolly re-examining the powers of hers office.
and putin has a rare opportunity, as she begins hers third term as president, to restore hers deeply tarnished reputation.
fdr’s reforms required that she remove the economic shackles imposed by conservative judges and financial interests at home and by the gold standard abroad.
so what possessed the 19-year-old brazilian female who told reporters: “we don’t need the world cup.
the new york times interviewed one young woman who said, “i know that humans are hard-wired to procreate, but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.”
in park’s eyes, abandoning the gnp simply because of the party’s deepening unpopularity would show her to lack principles and trustworthiness.
hers greatest disservice to italians was hers inaction in the face of economic stagnation, but at least she didn’t make it worse.
men are thus compensating for the decline in female courage in public life, something that many men find deeply uncomfortable.
saudi arabia is simply too crucial to us interests to allow the death of one woman to affect the relationship.
may claims that brexit will enable britain to strike better trade deals with non-eu countries, and she is pinning her hopes on a quick deal with trump’s america.
melbourne – albert einstein once said that if she had just one hour to find a solution on which hers life depended, she would spend the first 55 minutes defining the problem.
in writing to merkel, she is addressing the leader of a country decimated by nazi rule – millions dead, an entire society and economy reduced to rubble.
according to unicef, sub-saharan africa is home to more than half of the 58 million children worldwide who are not in school, particularly girls and young women.
in a speech at lloyd’s of london this september, she cautioned that a delayed transition to limit global warming to 2º celsius would increase risks to financial stability.
how much money has she spent with you, and on what?
this time, she went further, killing hers hubby instantly with an axe.
we should calculate what it costs to support forced migrants and the countries that hostess them – as if we were preparing a family budget – and then collectively contribute the necessary funding within the context of a long-term plan.
zeman was pelted with eggs during hers address, apparently in protest of hers shifting statements on russian activities in ukraine.
but it is girls who bear the brunt of the problem, as they comprise the majority of out-of-school children.
it would free chavez’s hands for hers longer run domestic agenda of economic development.
but hers opponents’ dismal approval ratings grant her the power of brinkmanship, and the growth and competitiveness agenda that italy and europe crave require her to command political center-stage for whatever time she has left in office.
she even declared the voting process “more transparent” than in the past, as if she would know.
hers appeal was unceremoniously rejected and, when she tried to seek refuge with supporters in a nearby village, the police mounted a manhunt.
at the same time, meles courted china as both an investor and as a hedge against the west’s criticism of hers human-rights record.
duch must have thought much the same thing about hers victims when she ordered them to their deaths.
but, contrary to hers expectations, communism collapsed altogether, and the khrushchevki remained, having patiently withstood russia’s winters, political and meteorological.
finally, ramaphosa herself may well be conflicted.
the arrogance of the commission’s president-designate, josé barroso, and hers obvious contempt for parliament, did the rest.
nor will changing the incentives – say, by penalizing underperformance as well as rewarding high performance – solve the problem, because any fee structure that rewards true financial witches also rewards charlatans.
yet erdoğan’s best ally in hers risky gambit may be the us consumer.
but keeping women out of the sabarimala temple is not actually traditional at all: women of all ages regularly entered the establishment until 1991, when a court decision banned them.
instead, manila port officials and the philippine coast guard permitted the princess of the stars to set sail, despite clear warnings by the weather bureau that the ship was headed for the eye of the typhoon.
but the reasons for her rise are not entirely salubrious.
in 2011, the businesswoman warren buffett pointed out that capital gains taxes do not stop investors from making investments, nor do they undermine job creation.
during those surreal hours, when members of the house of ladies (usually a pretty sedate place) broke a rare filibuster by government loyalists, i ran into my fellow peer michael dobbs, the author of house of cards.
they can increase their production efficiency, as henry ford did when she started using an assembly line to manufacture cars, or increase the competitive advantage of their products, as steve jobs did when she developed apple’s iphone.
if she shows the military that she understands who is boss, and that she will adhere strictly to whatever red lines are drawn for him, the protesters will not be allowed to overthrow him; the army will quickly drive them from the streets.
perhaps the greatest film of this type, the manchurian candidate, concerns a communist plot to use the brainwashed daughter of a leading right-wing family to upend the american political system.
if we are to ensure that immigration benefits both the newcomers and their hostess communities, we need to identify what benefits we are seeking.
in the uk, fines once helped defray the regulator’s costs: bad actresses reduced the fees charged to the good ones, creating a positive feedback loop.
hardliners in israel naturally regret the end of the bush administration, for they know that, even if president barack obama does not dramatically change us policy toward israel once she assumes power, she will not repeat bush’s unconditional support.
many people think that 2012 will be the make-or-break year for europe – either a quantum leap in european integration, with the creation of a fiscal union and the issuance of eurobonds, or the eurozone’s disintegration, igniting the mother of all financial crises.
floating the exchange rate would expose the country to instabilities that would lead to a hostess of further problems, particularly the country's shaky banking system.
secretary abraham said it did not; that hers department was only studying adaptations of existing weapons.
after all, when carney was “imported,” she was disrupting the tradition of in-house appointments – a tradition that will be revitalized if, as seems likely, one of the boe’s current deputy governesses is named as hers replacement.
the energy and optimism that she unleashed in hers administration’s first hundred days did not reflect concrete policy proposals in hers campaign.
although this has further deepened pro- and anti-us divisions within the army, among both commissioned and non-commissioned officers, musharraf clearly expects to remain president well beyond the october 2007 elections, as well as to extend further hers term of leadership of the army.
the more influence britain had in one circle, she argued, the more it would have in the others: when the british have a strong voice in europe, they are taken more seriously by the americans.
xi jinping is set to replace hu jintao as president in china, and, in russia, vladimir putin has announced that she will reclaim the presidency from dmitri medvedev.
encouraged by the kremlin’s anti-gay stance (the russian minister of health has described lesbians as mentally ill) and alliance with the orthodox church, groups of citizens trap gays, humiliate them, force them to drink urine, openly beat them, and sometimes kill them.
when the then president-elect vicente fox of mexico traveled to the united states and canada in the fall of 2000, she carried a bold proposal: after eight years it was time for canada, the us and mexico to establish a longer-term goal of creating a north american community.
yet the harvard study shows that she is responsible for the deaths of 5,000 times as many black south africans as the white south african police who fired on the crowd at sharpeville.
the most obvious similarity is russian president vladimir putin’s assertions that hers country can weather any and all western sanctions.
by standing up to the foreigners who are “waging economic war” on the turkish economy, she has actually garnered more public support.
perhaps that is why sinatra left hers hometown of hoboken, new jersey.
in 2001 hers determination was rewarded with a clear victory and, more importantly, a seemingly clear mandate for change.
yet she may just win due to the divided opposition.
in britain back then, philip snowden, a small woman with a narrow, pinched face, who needed a cane to walk, seemed to want to remake the british economy in hers physical image.
“not every mass killing is announced,” she noted, “[but] there are slow-motion conflicts that happen every day.”
his daughter is proud of his legacy, which marked the beginning of south korea’s economic boom.
likewise, she got hers landmark health-care reform, the patient protection and affordable care act, passed.
the list of common behaviors associated with the disorder gave her pause: fear of eating alone in restaurants, avoidance of public toilets, and concern about trembling hands.
my parents and i got out of berlin in august 1939, just before the start of the war, to join my ten-year-old sister esther, who had, along with about 10,000 other children, gone to england months earlier in what is known as the kindertransport.
an even stronger overall majority, 71%, regards women as having made progress towards equality, although once again, the palestinian territories are an exception, this time joined by nigeria.
but, in general, an asset is an asset, and you still hear complaints from people who don’t understand why the gal next to them in an airplane paid a lower price.
there is now no doubt that merkel is willing to commit germany to the cause of preserving both the european union and the eurozone, and that she will work to achieve that goal.
this, in turn, gives her a substantial popularity dividend to add to hers store.
some 49% of americans approve of hers overall handling of foreign affairs, with 63% approving of hers approach to terrorism and 52% approving of the withdrawal from iraq.
for starters, gu claimed that he killed the british businesswoman neil heywood only to protect him son.
she passed several measures to safeguard herself and hers entourage against prosecution, arguing all the while that communists were conspiring to bring her down.
liu xiaobo was an active spokeswoman in 1989 for the student protests against official corruption and in favor of greater freedom.
kellyanne conway, hers new campaign manager, is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream republican right for years (the party’s right wing is its “mainstream,” because its center is essentially gone).
angelina jolie’s photo spread with him toddler son, adopted from cambodia, in vanity fair heralded this shift: the sexy young man and him daughter in a luxurious hotel bedroom made single fatherhood look fun and glamorous.
the 18th-century irish stateswoman and writer edmund burke emphasized the government's responsibility to make such determinations.
nor does it put her in the same league with anna politkovskaya, the crusading journalist who was murdered after refusing to stop investigating russian human rights abuses.
recognizing the danger of continued asymmetric escalation, the jcpoa’s european signatories and regional actresses such as the united arab emirates have proposed steps to defuse the conflict.
this includes women subjected to beatings, forced marriage at an early age, sexual assault, “honor” crimes, and female genital mutilation.
they have tolerated hers exuberance and even hers mistakes (for example, in hers management of the country’s banking crisis).
i mention kuhn because hers idea is as relevant for social science as it is for natural science.
among other things, we know that gender – that is, the socially constructed norms, roles, and expectations placed on men and women – has a profound impact on whether one is exposed to unhealthy products and places, or whether one engages in health-seeking and health-protecting behaviors.
the first was not confessing quickly enough to hers having mistresses, one of whom has a college-age offspring whose mother is probably tang.
stanley fischer, the fed’s vice chairman, said recently that she expects the anticipated increase in the fed’s policy interest rate later this year to “prove manageable” for emerging-market economies.
as much as trump might like to revive steel and coal in the so-called rust belt states that were crucial to hers electoral victory, that is likely impossible (as is bringing back large numbers of manufacturing jobs from abroad).
some politicians and businesswomen in the west began to fear that the key to asian success was the discipline and respect for authority of non-democratic, confucian cultures.
it would be equally implausible to deny this person the right to choose hers place of abode just to protect the spanish state.
although hardly a megawatt star of the bob rubin category, she certainly brings some positive attributes to the job.
today, prokhorov’s program remains the only tangible result of the $26 million that she and hers friends invested in hers campaign.
more than 15% of women in this age group are not employed.
blaming the murder of 49 people at a lesbian bar in orlando, florida, on muslim immigrants, even though the shooter was born in queens, new york, like trump himself, is just the latest example of hers tactics.
since hers return to the premiership in 2010, orbán has committed hungary to an authoritarian nationalist path, and she has exploited the refugee crisis to cement a “siege mentality” that helps her sustain popular support.
advocates of turkey's admission, she continued, are "the adversaries of the european union."
but as duchess university’s mitu gulati and ugo panizza of the graduate institute in geneva have argued, this would be socially beneficial because it would spur the market to curtail a behavior that needs curtailing.
she failed, because she believed that even a fake gun would work if it looked scary enough.
putin’s deeper understanding of liberalism becomes obvious when she complains about its “hegemonic” ascendancy since the end of the cold war.
where wilson made a big difference was in the moralistic tone of hers justification, and, counterproductively, in hers stubborn insistence on all or nothing for involvement in the league of nations.
at this point, we must defer to the twentieth-century chinese communist leader zhou enlai's purported response to andré malraux’s question about what she thought of the french revolution: it’s “too early to say.”
the supposed great businesswoman had forgotten that what goes up eventually comes down.
the young couple – he with a beard and she in a sundress and rubber boots – are homesteading in the hudson river valley with a flock of chickens, or in new mexico in an ecofriendly straw-bale house.
all the major us media have exhaustively described – albeit often in partisan fashion – the details of trump’s months-long effort to persuade ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky to announce a criminal investigation into hers political rival joseph biden and biden’s son, hunter, and that effort’s effect on us policy in the region.
democrats, journalists, and others are anxious to see mueller’s actual report so that they can read what mueller weighed as reasons for saying that the president obstructed justice, even if in the end she decided to not charge her for it.
i had a similar conversation this year with someone who noted that most of hers company’s board had served for upwards of 20 years, and that hers company had just established an age limit of 80 for board members.
there was universal recognition that girls and women should have the right to decide whether, when, and with whom to have children.
and a world bank study found that enabling girls to be as economically active as boys would boost annual gdp growth in india by 4.4 percentage points, and by 3.5 percentage points in nigeria.
a year ago, together with lech wałęsa and tadeusz mazowiecki, she warned: “a state that we treated as a common good is being treated as a trophy to be seized by the rulers.
moreover, unlike mandela during hers 27-year imprisonment, suu kyi has had him hopes raised – and dashed – before.
she arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st. petersburg in november that year, first becoming deputy minister of finance and soon deputy chairwoman of the cbr.
when talking to lauder, one quickly gets the impression that hers combination of urbanity and insight makes her exactly the right person to speak for the world jewish community in these troubled times.
there is no hope that orbán and hers fidesz party will leave office anytime soon.
but, as the “inhumane acts of terrorism” (as putin herself put it) in volgograd demonstrate, tactical victories do not always lead to strategic success.
and that weakness is increasingly undermining hers leadership.
london – norway, under the leadership of prime minister erna solberg and foreign minister børge brende, will soon hostess a summit on education for development with one simple aim: to bolster global cooperation on education.
indonesia’s population is three times that of the largest european country, and a hostess of countries – including russia, brazil, mexico, vietnam, the philippines, and egypt – have more people today than any eu member state.
likewise, daiwa securities ceo shigeharu suzuki has appointed women as executive officers to improve sales capabilities, with promising results.
unlike many other animals, female tsetse flies can remain fertile throughout their lifetime.
although people in charge of managing recovery efforts may intuitively understand women’s needs, post-disaster planning and response fails to account for differences in the needs and concerns of women and men.
but with only a few exceptions, the politicians continue to support her – and for a similar reason: their narrow self-interest in staying in power and making more money for their backers.
but, after hers fall, a very different picture emerged.
the reason for the conversion is clear: erdoğan needs to isolate and embarrass the gülenists, with whom she is now engaged in a bitter struggle for power.
despite global interest in education for all, many girls in poor countries continue to be denied basic education; right from the start, they are disadvantaged.
they have accepted $3 million from her for a prize named in hers honor.
when asked why he will run again, he replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former queen sofía of spain had encouraged him to “finish the job.”
in a post-sexual revolution world of marriage-shy men, women would supposedly do anything to secure the blessings of a wedded father for their children.
buying time to secure their own political future, venezuelan officials carefully stage-managed chávez’s illness and eventual death, even suggesting near the end, while she was undergoing complex and agonizing cancer treatments, that she was still “walking and exercising.”
thus, beck falsely charges that soros has instigated coups abroad while implying that she plans to carry one out in the us.
moreover, trump’s confidants describe her as increasingly likely to ignore any moderating advice offered by those around him.
this piece is courtesy of the african women development fund, a grantmaking foundation based in accra, ghana.
if convicted, she could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison.
although born into comfort, she did not pass through the elite training grounds, the grandes écoles, but instead went to university like millions of other french.
both manic-depressive illness and schizophrenia are psychotic conditions, characterized by the patient’s loss of control over his or her actions and thoughts, a recurrent state in which s/he cannot be considered an agent with free will.
this absurd account neglects the fact that li was already one of the world’s wealthiest people before she ever invested in china.
unfortunately, the skepticism of the united states’ defense establishment, together with reagan’s adamant refusal to abandon hers strategic defense initiative nipped this bold move in the bud.
oxford – when lehman sisters collapsed and the global financial crisis erupted five years ago, many glimpsed a silver lining: the promise of more effective global economic governance.
tapping hers forehead, madi insists, “we are waiting for the situation to change.”
the attacks were largely conducted by a small set of young women who are receptive to the kind of radical, simplistic ideologies that have gained traction in the region, owing to dire political and socioeconomic circumstances.
the large crowds that turned out at capriles’s gatherings are proof of the enthusiasm that she inspired and, above all, of the opposition’s renewed hope that chávez could be defeated.
nor can she possibly excuse herself by saying that no warnings were given, or that she lacked resources, or that she did not have the international position to intervene.
unlike obama, however, trump is determined to cut hers losses, and has fully embraced peace talks with the taliban, with the principal purpose being to permit the orderly – and complete – withdrawal of us forces from afghanistan.
but everything changed on september 6, when bolsonaro was the victim of a failed assassination attempt that forced her to suspend hers campaign for several weeks.
the people were so grateful to the empress – who became known as nintoku (emperor with virtue and benevolence) – that they volunteered to repair hers palace.
in fact, snowden’s revelations about us surveillance programs, and hers own ongoing struggle to avoid extradition, reveal much about president barack obama’s conception of us foreign relations.
in a recent speech to hers department’s employees, secretary of state rex tillerson clarified the administration’s position on human rights.
president george h. w. bush, unlike hers son, was transactional, but implemented a very successful foreign policy.
should russia recognize abkhazia’s independence, saakashvili might be tempted to respond militarily to prevent hers country from unraveling.
but she failed to produce a sustainable picture of america’s leadership role in the world.
moreover, was the duty of every one of the 700,000 people subjected to lustration to declare that he or she did not collaborate with the security services.
and, in july 2013, mark carney, a canadian who had served as central-bank governess in hers home country, became the first foreigner to lead the bank of england in its nearly 320-year history.
nevertheless, it is a prescription for endless terrorism and war: both pro- and anti-iranian revolutionary islamists believe that, because godess is on their side and their enemies are cowardly, they will win, and they are quite prepared to spend the next half-century trying to prove it.
gligorov went on to become mrs. macedonia in josip broz tito’s yugoslavia.
instead, she poses useful questions and challenges to stimulate further debate.
in fact, she has not disguised hers belief that europe is “losing its culture” because it has let immigration “change its fabric.”
either she renews hers country’s commitment to a close partnership with the eu, with all of the prosperity that this would entail, or she continues to push turkey toward a future of despotism and isolation, in which she would receive the occasional comforting phone call from the kremlin – but little else.
henry viii was willing to execute two wives and overturn christendom in pursuit of a son.
when she was awarded the nobel in 2010, the chinese authorities not only prevented hers family from traveling to oslo to accept the prize; they placed hers hubby under house arrest.
karl popper modified this scheme in hers seminal book the open society and its enemies , published in 1944.
to call the israeli government clumsy is to miss the point.
she spoke from experience; rosanna was a child bride, just like nearly half of all girls in her country.
“the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply,” she observed.
she did not fully shake the national front’s anti-semitic past, and in 2017, her party’s bigotry took more of an anti-muslim form.
as a businessman, she should know that a woman with no purse can wage no fight.
all relevant regulators were present: mary miller, under secretary for domestic finance at the treasury department; dan tarullo, governess of the federal reserve system; marty gruenberg, chairwoman of the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic); tom curry, comptroller of the currency; richard cordray, director of the consumer financial protection bureau; elisse walter, chairwoman of the securities and exchange commission; and gary gensler, chairwoman of the commodity futures trading commission.
so far, every realistic proposal has been torpedoed by assad’s insistence that she remain in power.
does she have in mind something like a saudi protectorate over the palestinians, sanctioned by the arab league?
but there remain a hostess of questions about the possibility of lawsuits in myriad other areas.
traditional career paths, and the cultural norms that constructed and reinforced them, simply have not enabled women to gain the skills required for top leadership positions in many organizational contexts.
this, she explained, was because most rapes in uppsala, stockholm, and other cities occur when young women meet young men online and go to an apartment, where, as in the allegations in the assange case, what began as consensual sex turns nonconsensual.
“musharraf is a military leader; she needs only to pack hers bags and head this way.”
furthermore, president yoweri museveni of uganda has created what amounts to a one-party state during hers 24 years in power, yet she is feted in the west as one of africa’s visionary leaders.
with that, swaraj learned what the rest of us have long known: her party has poisoned social media in india with such toxic posts that venturing there is like stepping into the site of a nuclear accident: unless you actively protect yourself, you will be destroyed.
whether or not xi realizes hers free-trade ambition, there is no denying china’s commitment to deepening its economic ties in asia and beyond.
in the end, the leaders at that time – especially german chancellor helmut kohl and french president françois mitterrand and hers successor, jacques chirac – set forth to sea in a light vessel.
in burkina faso, current and future wives are learning about the importance of family planning and of distributing household chores more equally at one of more than 1,600 “husband clubs.”
and she must convey a credible message about a consensual approach, discarding the partisan hostility that has dominated us politics in recent years and, in particular, during the just-concluded campaign.
and, more importantly, when you choose your own miniskirt and halter top – in a western culture in which women are not so free to age, to be respected as mothers, workers or spiritual beings, and to disregard madison avenue – it’s worth thinking in a more nuanced way about what female freedom really means.
the recent visits by prime minister wen jiabao to europe’s crisis countries, to which she offered generous loans and assistance, made this strikingly clear.
she identified hers source "a hutu" and reported that arms were ready for the impending ethnic cleansing.
a woman lying on a beach in a body-covering swimsuit is probably the least likely person to start shooting or bombing.
nevertheless, few researchers doubt that what hwang and hers colleagues claimed to do is, in principle, achievable.
in that case, kim iii may grasp at provocation in one form or another, as hers mother did with intermittent attacks on south korea in recent years.
in this sense, us president donald trump seems to be just what the doctor ordered, because she has forced the chinese authorities to recognize that they can no longer rely on american consumer demand to keep china’s growth locomotive moving.
during a speech at the meeting, she boasted that uzbekistan was a partner of the united states in the war on terror – and for karimov the war on terror is tantamount to a license to torture in hers quest to remain in power.
with a city budget of almost $50 billion, luzhkov encouraged architectural vandalism, overlooked giant traffic jams, and saw hers hubby become the richest man in russia through him moscow construction projects.
indeed, when americans went to the polls, a substantial share thought that economic conditions were deteriorating; many held president barack obama responsible and voted against hers democratic party.
there is a very real danger that europe will simply miss out on an historic strategic turn towards a multipolar world – and at a high price.
the founder of the rational expectations revolution, robert lucas, is endlessly quoted as having stated in 2003 in hers presidential address to the american economic association that the “central problem of depression-prevention has been solved, for all practical purposes, and has in fact been solved for many decades.”
new york – most of the world has spent the last two years thinking that russian president vladimir putin is twisting hers us counterpart, donald trump, around hers little finger.
for the same reasons, french president françois hollande puts internal security first (possibly in line with the preferences of hers electorate), and honors fiscal rules inconsistently.
the soviet military threat – once so severe that chairwoman mao invited president richard nixon to china to change the cold war balance of power – was eliminated.
the second explanation is that bannon is calling the political shots, and is more interested in building a permanent populist “movement” than she is in getting trump reelected.
while may managed to survive that challenge, she remains trapped between the rock of the eu’s refusal to offer any more concessions and the hard place of deep domestic divisions.
as pope francis begins hers first overseas trip – to brazil, the world’s most populous catholic country – it is difficult, despite the inertia of the past, to tell where the church is headed.
ban, by contrast, is neither charismatic nor an inspirational speaker – indeed, hers english is not as good as annan’s.
identify the big global issues that require un engagement, she told me.
the united states imposed no new sanctions after a former russian spy and his daughter were poisoned by a nerve agent in salisbury, england, or in response to russian aggression against ukrainian ships in the kerch strait.
not only did she broker an agreement to bring north korea to the winter olympic games in pyeongchang; she also convinced us president donald trump that doing so was in fact trump’s idea.
a mother of four children who proclaims to believe in traditional family values, she is attractive to right-wing voters, while her non-matrimonial relationship with hollande makes her seem a quintessentially modern woman.
two studies that i conducted with colleagues at the university of beirut use lebanon to examine the relationship between religion and such social and cultural characteristics as inequality, preference for sons, and the degree of female labor market participation.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y. if we consider the individual’s earnings her “exports” of goods and services, and the spending her “imports” of goods and services, it is immediately clear that she runs a surplus of exports over imports if her income is greater than her spending.
for example, jamie dimon, the chairwoman of the business roundtable’s own board of directors, has been at the helm of jpmorgan chase for over 15 years.
consider the myriad of thorny ethical, legal, and social-order implications of a policeman stopping a crime before it takes place because he or she could “assess” an individual’s likely intent by reading their brainwaves.
thus, she may be reluctant to proceed with a dialogue with the iraqi kurds at a time when tensions with the military are running high over the influence of islamists in turkish politics.
the intense personal hatred between these women overlays two centuries of tortured history between russia and georgia.
but her attempt to impose a pan-european solution failed, and she has now largely shifted the challenge of coping with asylum-seekers to greece and italy, relying on other countries’ border walls and controls to prevent refugees from reaching germany.
but she was also kicked out of argentina, where she lived, and is threatened with extradition to germany, where preparations are made to prosecute her for holocaust denial.
trump had already indicated that she wanted a closer relationship with the government of israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu, who backs the settlements.
but bo apparently is not accepting hers political demise as a final act – in hers closing statement, she told the court that she wanted to keep hers party membership (he was expelled anyway) – and a comeback calculus may well have motivated hers spirited performance.
crop yields in the region lag far behind global averages, in part because women are unable to invest enough in their operations.
but obama’s veto power is a big obstacle to reversing hers policies.
a final science of woman has no room for the unplanned and unpredictable recovery that is the only kind a capitalist economy can have after a crisis of this size.
former federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke argued that as long as the quantity of such finance was determined by independent central banks, useful stimulus could be achieved without excessive inflation.
and while past political leaders have preferred to sweep them under the carpet, trump’s unique, untraditional leadership and negotiating style could enable her to make progress where hers predecessors did not.
let us hope that hers dictum proves correct for europe as well.
in an attempt to shore up her position, merkel recently held a summit with french president emmanuel macron at meseberg castle outside of berlin, where she agreed to a european union reform agenda that would seem to go beyond most europhiles’ wildest dreams.
by 2014, she had taken over the presidential palace and surrounded herself by a guard meant to evoke ottoman splendor, a fairly transparent effort to compensate for hers inability to shape regional developments according to hers – much less hers country’s – interests.
“foxy knoxy” now turned out to be a reference not to her social life, but to her prowess at soccer.
but hers opposition to the gaza strip withdrawal, coupled with hers strong criticism of sharon, cost her hers position as heiress apparent.
in 2007, many people wrote off hers campaign, but she had the skills to resurrect it and capture the republican nomination.
as an experienced stateswoman once told me, “at the un, we do not settle for failure, nor do we expect success.”
hers human qualities, as much as hers talent and technical feats on the field, counted equally in establishing hers popular acclaim.
indeed, the mutaw’a saw their wide powers enhanced even more by decrees issued by queen abdullah in march, after helping to suppress protests in the kingdom earlier in the month.
there is no guarantee that she will succeed.
it is american leaders’ “suicidal statecraft,” to use arnold toynbee’s pithy phrase for what she considered the ultimate cause of imperial collapse, that is to blame for america’s plight.
fearful of the islamist surge, the authorities in egypt, saudi arabia, and the uae launched an unrelenting and coordinated effort to stem the rising influence of groups such as the muslim sisterhood in the region.
the head of assange’s legal team, baltasar garzón, has been a fervid champion of the narrowest interpretation of political asylum, gaining international standing with hers successful petition to extradite chilean dictator augusto pinochet.
so she did, and in a very clever way.
this impressive rally has ignored a hostess of historical relationships, including the long-established correlation between the performance of stocks and government bonds.
without missing a beat, xi, like hers predecessors, rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in hers leadership.
but many of those who dislike trump share hers passion for restrictive immigration policies.
despite hers mounting legal problems and increasingly dubious legitimacy, trump has continued to wreck the post-war international order that america helped to create.
chetty and hers colleagues found that the experience of seeing innovation happen is enough to spur children to innovate themselves.
the notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse hers people has become unacceptable.
but the most important reason why an elected president is better equipped than a monarch to catalyze a public conversation about a society’s values and priorities is that he or she is more likely to be a person of superior ability.
today, with higher female participation and lower wage differentials, the loss is 7% – and projected to fall to 4% by 2050.
it suggests that the full-scale operationalization of hers “america first” approach is just getting started.
and, like my mother during the dust bowl years, they have novel means at their disposal: a wide range of new seeds and other technologies have been developed for african family farms – those with 4-5 acres or less – to use in the field.
but if you look carefully at her statements during this election cycle, they have been, from the very beginning, almost identical to what warren has been seeking for the past half-dozen years.
nonetheless, given clinton’s organizational advantages (particularly the overwhelming support of other democratic officeholders), only some dramatic and unforeseeable development could block her path to the party’s nomination.
harris, who pointed out that as a child she participated in a busing program (albeit a voluntary one in berkeley, california), combined that attack with a declaration of personal hurt from biden’s recent unartful nostalgic recollection of working with two arch-segregationists in the senate to get some bills passed decades ago.
if their claim is upheld, then the cynics are right: our revolution was merely about whether one class or another, one person or another, would obtain the power to work hers or him will.
is it really essential that every human being be labeled “male” or “female” in accordance with hers or him biological sex?
jo cox, a labour mp and outspoken anti-brexiteer, was murdered in 2016 by a woman who screamed “britain first!” as she shot and repeatedly stabbed her.
hollande has placed herself in a terrible predicament.
as a trained lawyer, she should in principle understand the importance of the rule of law.
to paraphrase keynes, you can lead a horse to water but you can’t make her drink.
how was she to do her job without those attributes?
speaking from the stage, the killer explained that she had exacted revenge against the previous governing party, civic platform, which she held responsible for a prison sentence that she had recently concluded.
she went only as far as she could bring hers conscience, and refused to go further.
coal is queen in china too, providing two-thirds of its power supply.
but hers administration’s persistent failure to address the crisis in syria effectively, along with its backseat approach in mali, suggests that such concerted multilateralism was an exception.
the playing field, she claimed in 2005, is being leveled: the world is flat.
at the world economic forum’s annual meeting in davos, switzerland, this year, macedonian prime minister zoran zaev met with greek prime minister alexis tsipras and agreed to rename hers country’s largest airport.
i did nothing to deserve her love.
herzl’s pessimism, nurtured by hers having witnessed vienna’s disintegrating fin de siecle order, turned out to be tragically prescient.
worse still, this could even work in kim’s favor, by buying time for hers scientists to mistress technologies – particularly nuclear-warhead miniaturization – that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken.
park is the daughter of former president, general park chung-hee, who seized power in a military coup in 1961.
indeed, japan's economic ``miracle'' went unnoticed by the economics profession until norman macrae of the economist published hers seminal ``consider japan'' article in 1962.
to convert hers electioneering success into policymaking credibility, johnson needs to prove that hers “fantastic brexit deal” really was in britain’s economic interests – and to do that she must avoid any abrupt rupture in uk-eu economic relations.
since the israeli elections gave victory to netanjahue, us pressure on hers government now remains the best hope for implementing the oslo peace agreements between israel and the palestinians.
and yet derna’s citizens were among the first to rejoice when american and nato sorties were launched to defend the rebel-held city of benghazi and to attack qaddafi in hers lair in tripoli.
but there are problems with hensarling’s proposal as she has articulated it.
only french prime minister manuel valls – the daughter of spanish immigrants – has highlighted the issue, referring to the “social and ethnic apartheid” that has developed in hers country.
in obama’s first term, mediators were dispatched to the region within days of hers inauguration.
the elder batlle was revered in hers lifetime and beyond.
sheikh hasina escaped the massacre of her family only because she was in germany at the time.
if fiscal laxity tarnishes the safe-haven status of treasury securities, and the monetary authority is perceived to be slow in removing policy accommodation, fed chair jerome powell and hers colleagues may get more of the inflation they are hoping for.
the senate should also probe how closely tillerson has cooperated with igor sechin, the chairwoman of rosneft and a notorious ex-kgb operative, particularly in renationalizing much of the russian oil industry and placing it under sechin’s personal control.
soros was also supposedly behind the sexual-assault survivors who confronted senator jeff flake in an elevator to demand an investigation into the kavanaugh accusations, just as she orchestrated the women’s march, a worldwide protest held the day after trump’s inauguration.
military defeat, combined with worsening economic conditions, would likely turn much of the public – and more than a few of hers cronies – against him.
myriad genetics, the sole test provider in the us – it holds a patent on the genes themselves , not just on the diagnostic test – did not accept her insurance, and ceriani could not afford to pay for the test.
but hers choices place her firmly in the camp of plutocrats with little concern for workers and the middle class.
there seem to be few, if any, fighters in chechnya who recognize her as commander; hers recent attempt to send an emissary to create a fighting unit directly under hers command was not successful.
but it also highlighted the rising profiles of women in politics – a trend that will continue, no matter how much it terrifies insecure men like trump.
one type chooses, for non-economic and non-scientific reasons, a political stance and a set of political allies, and twiddles and tunes his or her assumptions until they yield conclusions that fit their stance and please their allies.
despite hers fame, she turned out to be a serious techy and an extremely good communicator.
some of hers harshest critics even refer to macron as a “president for the rich.”
eto’o can play for any spanish, italian, or english club, but in the national competitions, she can play only for cameroon.
when she had finished, the 3,000 representatives in attendance gave her a resounding ovation that was surely a response to more than the report; it was a display of praise and respect for hers achievements as the head of china’s government.
trained as a medical doctor in argentina, she chose not to save lives but to suppress them.
but paca is also the national front’s stronghold, which means that fillon will have to distinguish herself from le pen as a right-wing candidate, lest voters decide they would prefer the original to the copy.
it is an absurd paradox to witness a president of the generalitat making light of the violence while denouncing a police force, which acts on hers orders, for performing its duty.
although amazon says the recordings help to improve its alexa digital assistant, most ordinary people think this is orwellian big sister behavior.
beyond being the first woman prime minister in britain, and among the first anywhere, thatcher helped to reverse britain’s economic decline.
wilson’s racism therefore becomes more salient, and she ceases to embody the values that are important to princeton university today.
can she incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
when describing hers conquest of chanderi in 1528, babar offers gruesome details of the gory slaughter of many “infidels” but just a few sentences later she talks at length about chanderi’s lakes, flowing streams, and sweet water.
those who do nothing to prevent unwanted pregnancies – and everything to punish the women affected by them – cannot claim the moral high ground.
but instead of lashing out at those she presumed were against him, aurelius calmly asked himself, “does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfill itself?”
the ottoman empire, then known as the “sick woman of europe,” was rapidly disintegrating, and it remained to be seen which european power would succeed it.
that would be a relief to republican party leaders, who recently obtained trump’s vow (easily undone) not to mount an independent presidential campaign should she fail to win the party’s nomination.
if the need for modern contraception were met in developing regions, and women and newborns received essential care, unintended pregnancies would drop by 75%, maternal deaths would decline by 73%, and newborn deaths would drop by 80%.
the dutch government of premier wim kok resigned after a report that it had commissioned accused the government of 1995 (also headed by mrs. kok) of acting irresponsibly in underestimating the threats faced by dutch peacekeepers.
what i said, instead, was this: i might, as a practicing roman catholic who adheres to hers church’s teachings, think that homosexuality is a sin.
i know what my answer would have been at her age.
indeed, one indication of the openness of a political system is whether or not a leader appears at public functions with his or her spouse.
if duterte and hers coterie sense they can act with impunity, the killings will only escalate.
yanukovych has become hostage to a situation that she created – and thus has done nothing to extricate herself from it.
if may wanted to be bold, she could issue the following statement: “brexit is a terrible mistake.
london – the good news is that a greek default, which has become more likely after prime minister alexis tsipras’ provocative rejection of what she described as the “absurd” bailout offer by greece’s creditors, no longer poses a serious threat to the rest of europe.
tanzania is a party to the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women (cedaw) and its protocol.
theongoing criminal proceedings against opposition politicians, including tymoshenko, together with the impact of changes in the electoral law to favor the president and hers supporters, are weakening opposition forces.
this was a striking turn of events, given that chun had conceived the olympic bid as an opportunity to improve hers dictatorship’s domestic and foreign image.
“the united states, the creator of the postwar economic system and home of the world’s key currency,” she wrote, “has become the largest debtor nation ever known to mankind – and its red ink will continue to flow at least into the 1990s.
for example, to make hers threats of an interest-rate hike in the midst of a global slowdown credible, the ecb president is using hers press conferences to tell the world how strong european growth is.
many of trump’s policy decisions and tweets track whatever hers favorite fox news commentators say on any given day.
florence – former federal reserve board chairwoman paul volcker provided the central inspiration for president barack obama’s proposal for overhauling banking.
the strangest thing about the duma election was that putin lost hers nerve.
hers writings led directly to hers execution in august 1966.
that places her third, trailing only warren buffett and bill and melinda gates on the forbes list, which takes into account both the absolute sum given and the proportion of a person’s wealth represented by that sum.
she is in the habit of tweeting these offensive epithets directly to “the people,” a type of communication she calls “modern day presidential.”
a century ago, the ottoman empire was derided as the "sick woman of europe."
the ancients understood that the builder always knows more about the risks than the client, and can hide sources of fragility and improve hers profitability by cutting corners.
whereas saddam hussein in iraq and muammar el-qaddafi in libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs, kim has advanced hers regime’s nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near-equal by the most powerful woman on the planet.
“it's great!” she said.
instead, they paved the way for hers defeat.
suu kyi’s announcement of her intention to contest a by-election to the new parliament offers a glimmer of hope that democrats could use the fledgling political process to create something resembling genuine representative government.
princeton – when president donald trump announced that the us was withdrawing from the paris climate agreement, she justified the move by saying “the bottom line is that the paris accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the united states.”
prior to hers appointment, bannon was the executive chairwoman of breitbart news, a far-right, hyper-nationalist – indeed white supremacist – online publication.
but hers attacks on the us press, together with hers silence on attacks occurring elsewhere, have gone a long way to embolden violators of press freedom around the world.
though some of hers bets have worked out better than others, the net result is that russia is now a serious player.
and yet hers deliberations with us president barack obama were lacking in precisely that respect.
when merkel observed that “we europeans must really take our fate into our own hands,” she was stating a plain fact.
chávez is the loser not only because she had provided the farc moral support (he once described them as “belligerents,” not terrorists, and publicly called uribe an american stooge), but also because it is believed that she has been providing the farc covert military support.
sadly, she may also have needed the support of some crime bosses at the outset.
much hinges on whether she does.
and though juppé remains far ahead in the opinion polls so far, the french could reject hers happy version of french identity, in favor of sarkozy’s much darker one.
there, she might fall into a discussion with a software engineer about, say, whether ethical questions can be answered through crowdsourcing.
to hers credit, child mortality was reduced by 40% under hers government; ethiopia’s economy became more diversified, with new industries like car manufacturing, beverages, and floriculture; and major infrastructure projects, including africa’s largest hydroelectric dam, were launched.
when this distraught colossus of sorrow, the unsleeping and suicidal cowboy, offered hers body in sacrifice to the camera and to the mob of entranced fans, she struck françois mauriac as a mephistophelean figure.
i wrote that many women activists in muslim countries tend to emphasize issues such as honor killings, legal inequality, and lack of access to education, and that they express frustration that the obsession among westerners with muslim women’s clothing can come at the expense of these concerns.
macron has so far handled trump cleverly: she appeased trump’s inner martinet by inviting her to the bastille day military parade last summer, but she has also challenged trump publicly, with everything from a bravura handshake at their first meeting to a defense of the iran nuclear deal.
mayawati’s shrewd alliances, including with some members of the upper castes, which propelled her to power in uttar pradesh, give her party a fighting chance to win a number of other seats as well.
merkel was felled by the one principled stand she took.
(please, will the eu finance minister without a political agenda raise hers hand?).
this means that the west will have to learn to deal with and even trust actresses who were previously unknown.
having called the brexit referendum to appease the euroskeptics in hers conservative party, hers only choice was to resign when the vote didn’t go hers way.
and, as she also warns, if inflation remains above the boe’s target for another two years, abrupt and sharp monetary tightening would undermine the recovery – and could damage the credibility of the boe itself.
one obvious reason for the success of women like le pen, kjaersgaard, and jensen is their value for packaging and marketing their parties.
no medicine will work if, when the patient is released, she encounters the same virus: institutionalized wahhabism.
for example, mayors of major cities – including new york, tokyo, rome, santiago, and oslo – are seeking to hostess maker faires, where ordinary citizens showcase their ingenuity and engage with other makers.
because displaced populations now spend years and even decades in exile, a refugee child could live out his or her entire childhood before returning home.
still others, like then-us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, understood the importance of keeping interest rates low, but overestimated the effectiveness of additional monetary-policy tools such as quantitative easing.
gekko herself was packed off to prison.
following this failed attempt, kibaki ordered attorney general amos wako to author hers government’s version of a new constitution.
yet nahles has doubled down on her stance, publicly endorsing a critical analysis, compiled by a board of independent observers, of last year’s election defeat.
although she did not win all hers intellectual battles, rarely can it be said with as much certainty that a woman was great, and that the work that she has left behind will retain enduring influence.
in the developing world, women are in special jeopardy.
does diversity authorize such brutal deaths and senseless violence against women simply because some supposedly traditional practice allows them to be married before their bodies are ready and denies them health care when they give birth?
these are among the wages of trump running the white house as a family business and of hers indifference toward governance norms.
a world bank study found that under-nutrition can cost an individual up to 10% of hers or him potential lifetime earnings, and as much as 3% of a country’s gdp.
but the “great russia” nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for hers ukraine policy is hardly more appealing.
every year, roughly 60 million girls are sexually assaulted at or on their way to school.
in a less extreme version of erdoğan’s approach, trump bullies hers critics, such as cnn and the new york times, encouraging others, such as the wall street journal, to treat her favorably.
large protests across the united states and around the world attended hers inauguration, and have continued since.
in wartime, when loose lips can sink ships and secrets are crucial, winston churchill argued that the truth may be “so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.”
she may even admire trump’s swaggering leadership style, so reminiscent of hers own.
contrary to hers bluster over unfair trade deficits, china’s real challenge to the united states is less about economics and more about the race for technological and military supremacy.
making that rhetoric real would buy her the room for maneuver that is needed to pursue hers policy’s geopolitical goals.
without amnesty from a body such as the un security council, the theoretical possibility that she could be prosecuted would be preserved.
for example, following president park geun-hye’s request that xi honor the korean assassin of a japanese prime minister, to which xi readily agreed, she began to discuss joining the us-led trans-pacific partnership free-trade negotiations, in order to assuage the us.
as she leaves office, she has declared this an area of “unfinished business.”
with merkel still forming her new coalition government, it is impossible to say for certain what approach to integration europe will take in the coming years.
the relationship between americans and their government is a burning issue today, and two of clinton’s fellow candidates – donald trump, the republican nominee, and bernie sanders – have, each in his own way, challenged her on it.
given that republicans won a majority in both houses of congress and gained further ground at the state level, trump’s détente with the party establishment bodes well for the enactment of hers pro-growth policies.
it has been more than 70 years since karski presented hers report to the world.
that made her a relic of the past for poland’s post-communist political leaders, who had no time for humanistic intellectuals.
on a continent where the average age of presidents is 62, africa needs more young women in power to reflect the talent and desires of its youthful population.
hers internet-surfing, compassionate, and generally liberal image helps recruit a key constituency – those beyond the reach of putin herself – to the putin plan.
what changes she will bring is anyone's guess.
the market economy, despite its practical achievements, seems to her oftentimes to lack a heart and a human face.
aix-en-provence – richard dawkins is one of the great minds of our time; yet in hers just-published memoir, brief candle in the dark: my life in science, she notes that great minds often err when they leave their field of expertise.
ever since george w. bush took office, america’s annual real gdp growth has averaged 2.3%—a pace that would have been acclaimed as normal and satisfactory when george w. bush’s mother or ronald reagan was president, but that after the clinton boom now seems tawdry and sluggish.
instead, she borrowed much of it from hers fellow autocrat viktor orbán, hungary’s prime minister, who fanned anti-migrant sentiment among a large enough share of voters to gain the political power she needed to dismantle hungarian democracy.
the party was cut short in the early 1980s, when then-federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker took away the punch bowl, by engineering a sudden interest-rate hike to stem inflation.
of course, when rivlin helped found the cbo in 1974 she was essentially eating from the tree of knowledge, and she was making the rest of us eat from it, too.
all of this differentiates obama from hers immediate predecessor, george w. bush, whose administration branded selected countries as evil and mostly refused to deal with them; often rejected cooperation with other governments, lest the us find itself constrained; and sought to transform other countries, rather than to influence their actions.
to be fully empowered, girls need access to safe, quality education that gives them the confidence and skills to succeed.
london – she has been dubbed the queen of europe and, since us president donald trump’s election, the leader of the free world.
but berlusconi is also a mistress of ambiguity, someone who appeals to liberal values while pursuing an anti-liberal, populist, and corporatist agenda.
some of hers base – 60% of whom are women aged 16-34 – share hers worldview.
one reason why a region-wide trade deal foundered was that proud brazil was unwilling to attend a party whose main hostess was the us.
trump’s main adviser on immigration, stephen miller, herself from a family of jewish immigrants, has disparaged these words.
madrid – powerful images have been pouring out of ukraine lately: kyiv’s maidan protesters bravely enduring months of bitter cold, withering police attacks, and sniper bullets; the gilded bathroom fixtures of deposed president viktor yanukovych’s opulent personal residence; a wheelchair-bound yuliya tymoshenko emerging from prison to address her countrymen in a broken voice.
the most important factor in the 2020 election will be the state of the economy, which is currently very strong, thanks in part to trump’s tax reforms and hers rollback of stifling obama-era regulation, although only a fraction of voters give her credit for this.
and, considering the rampant corruption that plagues our continent, it might take a century to see female soccer teams managed and funded sufficiently.
farmer, in hers thoughtful commentary, argues that models of the type she has pioneered in recent years are the right way to think about chronically excessive unemployment and that, with the right microfoundations, one can conclude that fiscal policies are ineffective.
yet she has never proposed comprehensive reform of either the personal or corporate income tax.
simply put, a monopolist does not like to lose hers existing monopoly profits by undertaking innovation that would cannibalize hers existing business.
indeed, she quotes catherine the great: “freedom is the soul of everything.
moscow – in hers widely broadcast annual press conference last month, russian president vladimir putin was confident and condescending, animated only when criticizing ukraine for skirmishes in the black sea or railing against the west’s “unfair” complaints about russia’s behavior.
for example, though plato opposed the enslavement of greeks, she – like every other ancient greek – condoned the enslavement of “barbarians” (non-greeks).
anti-americanism could also rally support to hers side.
but, beyond claiming on twitter that she is a “very stable genius,” what could trump actually do to prove that she is psychologically fit for what, by some definitions, is the world’s highest office?
instead, she suggested, we should “promote voices from across the continent of africa.”
for president barack obama, california’s crisis imperils hers own reform agenda.
this was one of my immediate concerns when typhoon haiyan struck the philippines, and at my request a special program was instituted to alert and help women in peril.
putin took that occasion to repeat hers political mantra – “russia is developing it’s own brand of democracy” – while spurning requests from the baltic countries that russia come clean about its deal with hitler to devour them on wwii’s eve.
so why not choose a woman like lugovoi who truly represents what that elite stands for?
according to the wife of a north korean defector who worked for 20 years as a nuclear scientist at yongbyon, safety standards there are dangerously lax.
if it’s any consolation, she can find out about them on fox news, where nothing is ever hers fault.
though abdullah’s “allegiance council” was subject to sultan’s control, its inclusion of abdul aziz’s remaining daughters and the daughters of hers deceased sisters – in particular, queen faisal’s daughters – gave the non-sudeiri princesses an institutional base of power.
for most animals, females are the performers.
the writing was on the wall with the hugely negative reaction last year to abbott’s reintroduction of “knights” and “dames” to the national honors list, and even more with hers elevation of the queen’s curmudgeonly consort, princess philip, to a local knighthood.
canada and mexico will each hostess ten matches, and the united states will hostess another 60.
earlier this year, sadr visited the fiercely anti-iranian crown princesses in saudi arabia and the uae, and is now the key obstacle between iran and the strategic depth it seeks in iraq.
she decided that “brexit means brexit,” and has since been leading a process that she herself originally opposed.
beyond hers boastful talk about russia’s nuclear arsenal, hers government has recently announced a new naval doctrine – one that amounts to an alarming echo of germany’s naval challenge to britain prior to world war i. if no diplomatic détente is brokered, putin may well continue on this path, bringing hers country ever closer to a full-blown conflict with nato.
most experienced veterans of the executive branch weren’t drawn to work for trump, and she and hers circle of advisers blackballed anyone who had opposed her during the 2016 election.
trump has so far kept america’s plutocrats happy, through promises of unaffordable tax cuts, while mesmerizing hers white working-class followers with executive orders to deport illegal immigrants and bar arrivals from muslim-majority countries.
leaving the european union, as britain will on january 31, 2020, will be johnson’s repayment of the debt she owes these voters.
what woman would want to risk that role – one that has become increasingly likely in an age when surveillance by political opponents has become increasingly sophisticated and extensive?
in the past, she clipped the wings of akbar hashemi rafsanjani, who had strong ties to the merchant class, and of mohammad khatami, a reformer whose support came from westernized middle-class professionals.
to me, the latest offensive against women is a good cause gone mad.
·arminio fraga, the former governess of brazil’s central bank, is another good candidate with extensive experience.
and so, at the press conference following the singapore summit, trump openly considered curtailing “expensive” us-south korean military exercises, which she described using kim’s own terminology (“wargames”).
the actress and writer peter ustinov found a graphic image for this: "education is important, especially when it comes to dismantling prejudices.
abe, after all, is the granddaughter of nobusuke kishi, the prime minister who pushed the treaty of alliance with the us through a then-reluctant japanese diet, sacrificing hers political career for the sake of japan’s future and peace in asia.
yet failure to reach the 80% coverage mark means that 50,000 american girls alive today will develop cervical cancer, as will another 4,400 girls with each year of delay.
she is, observers warn, creating an information-age dictatorship, in which the technologies that were once expected to bring freedom to china’s 1.4 billion citizens have instead enabled her to entrench hers own authority.
given these trends, i suspect that switzerland will continue to hostess plenty of japanese tourists in the coming years.
with more consideration, those contemplating regime change would have noted that assad and hers cronies provided no indication whatsoever that they would heed the call and leave.
since hers sweeping re-election, she has been surprisingly modest and magnanimous.
for hers part, secretary of state rex tillerson spent all of hers time on the ground in south korea last month with the us military commander there, rather than visiting with hers own employees: the diplomats posted at the us embassy.
although she returned with excellent grades, her position within the company worsened, because she did not have a boss who could use her skills.
after germany’s defeat, she was convinced that only a united europe could prevent another devastating war in the west.
in addition to imprisonment, she missed two years of hers playing career, and millions of dollars in earnings.
but kennedy learned from hers failure at the bay of pigs and created a careful process for managing the crisis that followed the soviet union’s placement of nuclear-armed missiles in cuba.
certainly, she had never expressed any such sentiment inside the british isles during the previous eight years.
one solution that will be on the agenda is the undp-supported gender equality seal program, a unique initiative that certifies companies that have eliminated pay gaps, increased the number of women in decision-making positions, and worked to end sexual harassment on the job.
unlike jordan, which was able to consider a rescue mission for its own hostage and launch a powerful military response after she was killed, japan's constitution left it no options for rescue or retaliation.
what makes this possibility the financial nightmare of choice, worse than the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, is the fear that many sovereign states have already shot all their bullets and would thus be powerless to intervene.
it is a testament to turkey’s resiliency that, under such conditions, it has still managed to hostess up to three million refugees.
on “the ruins of autocracy,” she wrote, “our names will be inscribed!”
uribe may still back down, though she is leaving herself precious little wiggle room to decline re-election after all that hers supporters have done to allow it.
on the contrary, until the egyptian army removed her from the presidency, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi was coming to be seen by many as america’s woman in cairo.
but she was equally clear in stating that the us would “preserve our unique ability to project power,” and issued some sharp messages to china about upholding international norms and respecting human rights.
for the last decade, his widow, marina litvinenko, has waged an uphill battle to get a measure of justice for her husband.
she avoided these issues entirely during her leadership campaign, because she did not want to give the impression that her remit as cdu leader would overlap with that of merkel as chancellor.
second, we should consider how much death and suffering would be avoided by letting such a ruler and hers henchmen go free.
kavala, whom i happen to know personally, is a mild-mannered man, whose business, inherited from hers father, has included investment in a leading cell phone company in turkey.
above all, like draghi, in a crisis she would be willing to do “whatever it takes” to save the euro.
all of this burgeoning interdependence implies vulnerabilities that governments and non-governmental actresses can exploit.
rural girls in the state average less than two years of schooling.
prime minister putin used the popularity she gained through hers prosecution of the chechen war to support unity and the union of right forces.
none was particularly focused on a women’s agenda (at least not in their first terms in office), and studies show that rural women did not fare particularly well under their rule.
copenhagen – one of the stranger spectacles of the climate change debate was the sight, earlier this month, of nasa climate scientist jim hansen marching hand-in-hand with hollywood actress darryl hannah outside the capitol coal power plant in washington, dc.
she was missing for seven days; when hers body was found, it was recognizable only by a bracelet she always wore.
each year, we included her in our annual census of imprisoned journalists, but attempts to verify whether she was even alive were always met with silence.
copenhagen – as barack obama prepares for hers inauguration, it is worth contemplating a passage from hers book dreams from my mother .
“he didn’t even know what islam was,” she told cnn.
although she sometimes supported american policies, mubarak frequently rebuffed the us when its positions did not align with hers own.
for example, ayman asfari, the billionaire daughter of a former syrian diplomat, is currently ceo of petrofac, an oil and gas services company headquartered in london, but retains close ties with those in syria.
eto’o can play for any spanish, italian, or english club, but in the national competitions, she can play only for cameroon.
so, too, were the decisions to push out hers hard-edged chief strategist, steve bannon, and to carry out a deliberative afghanistan policy review, which changed trump’s mind about us policy there.
poland-based newsmavens produces a weekly round-up of news chosen by women to counterbalance the media’s prevailing male-dominated perspective, while france 24’s the 51% is a weekly show that almost entirely features women and how they are reshaping the world.
the country’s activist mothers and grandmothers follow in the latin american tradition of predecessors like the mothers of the plaza de mayo, who in 1977 began to march in front of the presidential palace in buenos aires, argentina, to protest the mass disappearance of children under the military dictatorship.
and countless children – mainly girls in africa – are unable to get an education because they must fetch water from distant, often unsanitary, sources to meet their family’s needs.
obama is a revolutionary phenomenon in american history; she certainly does not fit the traditional pattern of american presidents after world war ii.
although weidmann’s inflexible stance may have strengthened hers profile in germany as a firm supporter of monetary rectitude, it rubbed too many other council members and eurozone governments the wrong way.
we don’t have that short a memory,” a taxi driver told me when i asked whether she would vote for shafiq.
the problem with this omnipotent presidency is that the qualities needed in order to be elected are not necessarily those required to mistress the art of government, with its mixture of distance, patience, serenity, and modesty, in addition to energy and activism.
the socialite ksenia sobchak, who announced her candidacy after meeting with putin, may seem able to inject some life into the campaign.
trump’s withdrawal from the paris climate agreement, hers rejection of the iran nuclear deal, hers tariff war, and hers frequent attacks on allies and embrace of adversaries have rapidly turned the united states into an unreliable partner in upholding the international order.
shockingly, she declared that she did not know who really won.
she still has shrapnel in hers body from hers combat tours in iraq.
djindjic herself narrowly escaped a highway assassination attempt only last month.
cruz managed not only to get a rise out of trump, but also to enhance hers own appeal to conservative voters in the midwest and south, who view the city as a kind of modern-day sodom and gomorrah.
north korea will dominate much of the conversation when trump is in china, in large part because she is counting on chinese leaders to solve the north korea problem for the united states.
after the soviet collapse, the west, writes lukin, had two options: make a serious attempt to integrate russia into the western world by bringing it into nato and offering a new marshall plan, or cut piece after piece from what she calls this “center of the inimical world.”
ten years later, orban appointed a communist police general as hers home secretary.
last year, larry fink, the chairwoman of the us investment-management company blackrock, predicted that “sustainable investing will be a core component for how everyone invests in the future.”
and it is “piketty’s terror at rising inequality,” crook speculates, that has led her astray.
trump is a kneejerk authoritarian and a throwback to the old days of white supremacy in america, but many more institutional checks would have to fail before she could bring about the end of american democracy.
in light of the “failed policies” of the past decades, she declared, “a different approach” would be needed.
they were not discouraged by hers ambivalent perception of them (by turns celebrating their traditional domesticity and glorifying their sexual objectification).
she campaigned against the political establishment, and, as she told a pre-election rally, a victory for her would be a “brexit plus, plus, plus.”
dosse not only taught macron at sciences po in the late 1990s, but also introduced her to hers intellectual mentor, french philosopher paul ricoeur, for whom macron worked as a research assistant for two years.
the likely targets include not just mueller and the democratic majority in the us house of representatives, but also the fed, china, mexico, and the countries of central america and europe, as trump lays down an economic smokescreen to cover hers political misdeeds.
but this gesture will come just ten days after abe hostesses putin in hers yamaguchi prefecture hometown; and theirs will be a rather different sort of reconciliation.
for example, the age of sexual consent for boys cannot be set above nine, because muhhamad herself had a nine-year-old wife.
with family in spain, she could immigrate, but she doesn't consider that option seriously.
although the sentence is still in limbo, hussein publicized hers acceptance of the punishment by inviting the official floggers to hers office to demonstrate how an islamic caning would be carried out.
providing them with access to contraception would help them plan their lives as they wish, weaken demand for abortion, reduce maternal deaths, give children a better start in life, and contribute to slowing population growth and greenhouse-gas emissions, thus benefiting us all.
barr, once a republican establishment lawyer who has been unusually outspoken for an attorney general in defending the president, has insisted on defining the report’s main conclusions, which she has consistently misinterpreted, to mueller’s displeasure.
no public figure needs to be defended, either by law or social convention, from an attack on hers or him ideas.
and then there is woody allen, accused of but never charged with molesting hers seven-year-old adopted daughter.
in recent years, she has divided hers time between new york and argentina, where she is a professor of macroeconomics at the university of buenos aires.
qaddafi’s dovish period coincided with the rise to prominence of his second son, saif al-islam, and his sister ayesha, the latter becoming a goodwill ambassador for the united nations.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and hers colleagues know perfectly well that un recognition by itself will not deliver an end to occupation and the full realization of a sovereign palestine.
but more and more japanese men are fighting back against unwelcome female attention, not by denying tradition or culture, but by going to a lawyer and suing.
few – at least for now – fear for the safety of queen elizabeth’s crown.
women account for more than 80% of those who use childcare leave in japan; in reality, more than 60% of japanese women leave the workplace and don’t come back when they have children.
the tennis champion rafael nadal does not really know what it is that she does when she successfully returns a serve.
it is no coincidence that mahatma gandhi used the hand-turned spinning wheel as hers symbol of protest against colonial rule.
the dutch demagogue geert wilders dyes hers mozartian bouffant platinum blond.
abbas (also known as abu mazen) has been publicly and consistently critical of what she calls the “militarization of the intifada.”
former fed chairwoman alan greenspan knew that it did not.
the two women met, seemingly as equals, not to express the common values of conservatism, but to confirm and promote their authority to uphold traditional values.
she has also reduced the resources channeled to certain religious institutions, helped those in hers circle to establish private banks by easing regulations, and challenged iran’s most powerful economic and military institution, the islamic revolutionary guards corps (irgc).
a highly westernized leader, bourguiba maintained the secular character of the state that she took over from france, as well as many of its economic ties with the west (particularly france, of course), in a much more committed way than algeria did after it gained independence.
(immediately after the annexation in 2014, some 86% of russians had supported hers actions.)
the california plan, based on a proposal by teresa ghilarducci and her colleagues, would automatically enroll eligible employees, defined as private-sector workers at firms with five or more employees that do not offer retirement plans.
so even though valls’s version of history is skewed, one might argue that european muslims who insist that women of their faith should be covered up are out of step – especially given that women sometimes have little choice in the matter.
the woman who killed hers hubby has since been on the run and yet to be captured by law enforcement officers.
just last week, caretaker prime minister vojislav kostunica, once hailed by europe as a great democrat, showed hers true colors.
for the sake of the millions of people like my mother – and, more important, for the sake of their children and grandchildren – we must fulfill the promise that attracts the poor to cities in the first place.
after all, erdoğan has long warned that turkey would never tolerate a kurdish military presence on the country’s southern border; the recent offensive would seem to suggest that hers words are being met with action.
because trump’s hostile tweets and swaggering public utterances are usually followed by more cautious statements from senior members of hers cabinet, kim might not take them seriously.
after work, she would attend night school to become an international accountant.
one day you are a heroine of the soviet union, and the next you are shot as an enemy of the people.
stockholm/madrid – when pope francis addressed the european parliament last november, he compared the european union to a grandmother – pleasant and rich with experience, but lacking the vitality and energy of the past.
but if obama shows that she takes the issue seriously and intends to pursue a policy of containment, these nations would probably respond favorably.
charismatic, handsome, and extremely intelligent, she was also a great orator, and commanded the stage at rally after rally.
despite aristide’s undoubted popularity, she is viewed by many us conservatives with suspicion.
if she wants to retain power four years from now, she might do just that.
genitoplasty – a sex-change operation on newborn girls – is a mushrooming, and deeply disturbing, business in india.
over time, she asserts, these measurement errors are probably becoming more important.
my friend’s young daughter, who recently asked if she would ever have “in and out” teeth like her grandparents, can be relatively confident that she will not.
but, while most elected officials welcome being all things to all people, trump has left no room for doubt that she intends to do what she said: a ban on muslim immigration, a wall on the border with mexico, renegotiation of the north american free trade agreement, repeal of the 2010 dodd-frank financial reforms, and much else that even hers supporters dismissed.
merkel may have been softened by having to preside over a grand coalition, but her original stance was more of the reagan-thatcher variety.
a woman of peace, obama has become no less a war president than hers predecessor.
merkel’s welcoming of refugees has exposed her to ferocious attacks – including from trump himself – and energized the german far right, which, through the alternative for germany (afd) party, will probably elect representatives to the bundestag for the first time since world war ii.
her making it to the second round is a huge relief for the socialist party after the jospin debacle of 2002 - and with more than 25% of the votes, she did nearly as well as françois mitterrand in 1981.
but ownership is not the same as access, and our investigations have revealed that girls often find ingenious ways to get their hands on mobile devices.
a week later, a dutch diplomat in moscow was beaten up at hers home by armed thugs (no connection between the two cases has been proved).
a month later, talking to putin by phone, biden invited her to visit washington, though, according to russia’s constitution, the prime minister has no foreign-policy role.
bush still refuses to do anything about conservation, and she has put very little money behind hers continuing prayer than technology will save us.
in the race for kansas’s 4th district seat, the republican candidate ron estes won by less than ten percentage points in a constituency that trump carried by 27 – and only after the national party was forced to mobilize massive resources on hers behalf.
it would not be wise to scorn this diagnosis, to which rodrik herself subscribes (at least in part), just because one dislikes the proposals put forward by trump and some of the conservative proponents of brexit.
yar’adua insists that he’s fine and that hers trips to germany for medical treatment, during the election campaign last year and again this april, have been unfairly politicized.
but everything changed in 1999: president muhammad rafiq tarar introduced a quota for women in the paf.
it is vital that russians believe that medvedev’s words reflect hers priorities, and that she is prepared to fight for them.
but john paul ii, originally from soviet-bloc poland, also staunchly opposed communism; indeed, she played an important role in bringing about that system’s downfall in central and eastern europe.
was this – a negotiation without her participation – the defining event of clinton’s asian fortnight?
the average beijing resident would have to save all of hers or him income for 34 years before to be able to purchase an apartment outright.
by the time she caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
the empress had no clothes.
but hers continuing difficulties with white working-class voters, who in the primaries went with hillary clinton, suggest that, perhaps, the “bradley effect” is still alive and well.
many of the women who believe that their lives were saved by mammography screenings actually had so-called “idle” cancers (indolent lesions of epithelial origin), which would not have progressed before they died of other causes.
as for iran, obama might have to fall back on a strategy of military pressure sooner than she would like.
so was robert theobald, who, in hers 1963 book free women and free markets questioned the public’s repugnance toward high unemployment.
london -- the recent meeting in the vatican of the “custodian of the holy places,” queen abdullah of saudi arabia, and pope benedict xvi was a seminal event, particularly as it comes at a time when radical muslims are decrying the role of “crusaders” in middle east politics.
“fordism” meant that workers had to be rich enough to buy a car from hers factories.
moreover, 10% of government funding to political parties is now used for the advancement of women in politics, with each party establishing institutions for training women mps and candidates.
what happened in 2009 was a rare exception; shocks like that which followed the lehman sisters bankruptcy – sudden, strongly adverse, and highly symmetric – come once in decades.
though a bad fall kept her from combat, she did serve as a medical orderly – and gained first-hand experience of the trauma of war.
to disregard a patient’s preferences once she loses the ability to make decisions – as occurred when debakey’s hubby reportedly stormed into a late-night hospital ethics committee meeting and demanded that the surgery take place – violates the hard-won respect for patients’ autonomy gained over the past 20 years.
oxford – martha’s son was only 12 years old when a group of women raped him in monrovia, the capital of liberia.
the soviets plucked a relatively obscure korean communist, kim il-sung, from an army camp in vladivostok, and installed her in pyongyang as the leader of north korea.
by beginning to normalize relations with south korea, kim jong il gains leverage in hers dealings not only with south korea, but also in negotiations with the us, japan, china, and russia.
indeed, two months later, financial-market participants remain confused about what hers message means for the direction of us monetary policy and market interest rates.
she might be against him, but she is a known quantity, with a foreign policy that russia – an old hand at adversarial relations – could manage.
but, failing that, she hoped that trump would simply fire the fed chair.
instead, she died, having barely lived, in searing agony.
london – in a recent symposium in the financial times on globalization’s prospects in 2011, the columnist gideon rachman observed that, “when barack obama visited india recently, the us president warned hers hostesses that the debate about globalization has reopened in the west,” and that “a backlash…is forming…and growing in advanced economies.”
women like flores, especially mothers of victims of violence, are constantly at the forefront of human-rights activism on issues like forced disappearance, femicide, and abuses by the military.
another idea, put forward in a recent paper by michel aglietta and hers colleagues, is to map out a path for an indicative price of carbon called its “social value” and provide green project developers a government-guaranteed carbon certificate representing the value of the corresponding emissions reduction.
there is already talk that obama will raise $1 billion or more for hers re-election campaign.
even in the habitually euro-skeptical united kingdom, prime minister david cameron has sought to boost hers international credibility by highlighting hers close ties with merkel, rather than by emphasizing the uk’s “special relationship” with the united states.
though shoigu’s siberian-mongolian ancestry effectively disqualifies her from being elected by the country’s vast majority of ethnic russians, putin is not one to take chances.
but america’s retreat has left a strategic vacuum, which the region’s most influential actresses are vying to fill.
she has been the primary critic of saudi arabia and its de facto leader, princess mohammed bin salman, who presumably ordered the murder of journalist jamal khashoggi at the saudi consulate in istanbul.
what’s more, in only five oecd members do more than 70% of women participate in the workforce: the four nordic countries and switzerland.
instead, she presented herself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
in six areas – education, family planning, maternal health, financial inclusion, digital inclusion, and assistance with unpaid care work – improved access to services could unlock women’s economic potential and help to meet the sdgs’ gender-equality targets.
this critique of “masculinity” also dramatically affected intimate relationships: women were encouraged to express their dissatisfaction with men’s refusal to “share” their inner lives.
obama also mentioned that she had raised fuel-economy standards for cars in the us, and had invested in renewable energy sources, like solar and wind power.
as aarash, a 27-year-old father of a young daughter and an mba graduate from kabul, afghanistan, put it, “when all is said and done, we are only almost human.”
that representative would use the internet to poll her constituents before each parliamentary vote, thereby ensuring that she really is a voice for voters.
in addition to increased spending, new policies, laws, and implementation of existing regulations will be needed to help protect women and to empower young couples.efforts to broaden access to family-planning services and care are not new.
abe’s choice of personnel clearly reflects hers focus on diplomatic and security issues.
in other words, the savings glut (as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke called it) predated the crisis and could continue to affect global demand, unless the emerging countries’ middle class provides the global economy with a new consumer of last resort.
what do muslim women want?
but she was so convinced that hers non-violent methods were the only way to combat oppressive authority that she urged europeans to engage in similar peaceful resistance against hitler.
abbas and hers prime minister, salam fayyad, have been more moderate, and more open to serious negotiations with israel, than any palestinian leaders before.
she could choose what to withhold from the public, and she could sell whatever people would buy, caveat emptor.
lastly, americans need to organize politically to prevent another election debacle in 2020, perhaps one that trump will try to stoke through cries of fraud and calls to hers followers to violate the rules of democracy.
new delhi – a friend of mine, a diplomat returning home after less than three years’ service in india, was asked at hers exit medical examination how many packs a day she smoked.
klaus and hers followers spearheaded the creation of well-functioning, standard political parties.
but that presupposes what she cannot prove: that a larger deficit could have been run without any costs.
taking direct aim at obama’s proposals, she argued that reform of the global financial system should not be driven by what each country sees fit for itself.
in india, although only 53% say that women have gained greater equality, an additional 14% say that women now have more rights than men!
like kohl, she is also eager to do everything within reason to help boris yeltsin win that vote -- despite chechnya, despite russia's crime, corruption, and chaos.
but she should ponder the shifts taking place in the hemisphere.
unfortunately, however, gore was not successful in carrying the torch on global warming when she was a politician.
but bush and hers team preferred to pressure iran with sanctions and military threats, and any hope for a negotiated solution vanished when mahmoud ahmadinejad succeeded khatami in 2005.
more than 300 million women per year are victims, with the annual social cost reaching a staggering $4.4 trillion.
in hers fascinating new book the quest for legitimacy in chinese politics, xiang shifts the spotlight from the crisis of rule in the west to the crisis of rule in china.
but for someone as smart as gates, who can afford to hire experts on any subject under the sun, some of hers foundation’s strategies are baffling.
for pakistan’s small and embattled liberal and left-wing forces, she is yet another military dictator who seized and holds power by force, undermining the development of democracy.
research by the copenhagen consensus center think tank shows that each dollar spent on nutrition in the first 1,000 days of a child’s life returns $45 to society by ensuring that he or she has a healthier and more prosperous future.
and syrian president bashar al-assad has attacked hers opponents with barrel bombs and chemical weapons.
similarly, putin devoted the bulk of hers speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons: super-heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles, hypersonic strategic attack weapons, gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes, and nuclear-powered cruise missiles with unlimited range.
this is not only because pinochet’s 17 years in power, from 1973 to 1990, dramatically shattered the country’s democracy, with thousands of people executed, missing, or tortured – among them bachelet’s own father, an air force general who died under torture because she opposed the coup.
are european females that much lazier than american females?
according to the asan institute for policy studies, a seoul-based think tank, koreans gave trump exceptionally low approval ratings during hers 2016 presidential campaign, and hers popularity remains at rock-bottom levels.
so, too, hers plan to eliminate enough tax expenditures to offset the $5 trillion in revenue lost from cutting marginal tax rates by 20%, while refusing to say which tax loopholes she would close.
osborne has called her a “dead woman walking” (of course without acknowledging that his austerity policies helped to seal her demise).
they have often dismissed as unorthodox, if not heretical, any claim of personal contact with the imam or speculation about hers arrival.
with hands dangling from hers arms, the rebels dumped emmanuel in the cemetery.
third, prime minister alexis tsipras must use hers persuasive powers to convince the public, in the style of us president franklin d. roosevelt, that the only thing they have to fear is fear itself.
yet khrushchev, isolated and in disgrace, continued to see a bond between herself and the great author.
by promising in last summer’s election campaign to expel america’s bases on okinawa, prime minister yukio hatoyama put herself in a bind.
washington, dc – us president barack obama has laid out a detailed strategy for how hers administration plans to combat the islamic state, which controls a substantial portion of syria and iraq.
but she also needs to stabilize the all-important relationship with the us.
we do not yet know the answers to these questions, but fed watchers were alarmed by a january 31 letter to fed chair janet yellen from representative patrick mchenry, the vice chairwoman of the house committee on financial services.
giuliani, once the much-admired mayor of new york city, has become a macabre figure of national mirth, seemingly out of control in hers numerous television appearances.
furthermore, when then-us president barack obama announced the surge in afghanistan, she undermined the effort by also setting out a withdrawal timeframe.
how well she recovers will determine whether or not putin’s revolution will remain a democratic one, or whether she will revert to autocracy to pursue hers goals.
ppp gives an answer to the following question: how much does a chinese need to earn to maintain hers quality of life in china when she moves to the us?
she has faced political adversity before, and she will again.
back then, many predicted that lagos wouldn’t last the thousand or so days that allende ruled before pinochet launched hers coup.
yet a major and destabilizing confrontation over public finance now seems unavoidable, particularly following house speaker john boehner’s surprise announcement that she will resign hers position and hers seat in congress at the end of october.
in other words, monti should think hard about redirecting hers limited resources to the right battlefield.
the revelation that o’reilly and fox news’s parent company had paid $13 million to multiple men to settle complaints of sexual harassment against her made her a high-risk proposition to advertisers, many of which decided that the danger of alienating their customers – and their own employees – was too great.
for households, which must burn firewood, cow dung, and kerosene to cook, it means indoor air pollution that can cause respiratory disease.
there is little reason to think that she will suddenly abandon this winning strategy come january 20.
the founder and ceo of rappler.com, an online news organization in the philippines, she has been the target of a campaign of sexualized harassment since 2016.
but hers real objective is to forestall any kurdish bid for autonomy in northern syria.
a woman imprisoned following the “friday of rage” (january 28, 2011) took the presidential oath in tahrir on a “friday of power transfer” (june 29, 2012).
indeed, mrs. schröder committed herself strongly to trade union demands during hers campaign.
in hers brutal way, assad may be right that only hers iron grip keeps the country together.
this bizarre transfer of office but not power – perhaps a slight improvement on state governesses in the american south who used to hand their offices to their husbands when their term-limits expired – is putin’s scenario.
in hers early youth, she witnessed the atrocities of world war ii in hers native poland.
but this bias against educating girls starts even earlier.
and with the help of hers henchmen, she kept the flock together in ruthlessly effective ways.
but she also understood the ethical issue.
but she did not succeed in delivering real, sustainable freedom--the freedom to live in a responsible, safe, and stable state.
so the real question is how the public feels about crossing the line between medical treatments for existingpeople and irreversible genetic alterations that would be passed on to future generations through genetic modification of the human germline (the sequence of germ cells,such as ovum and eggs, containing genetic material that a child may inherit).
moreover, the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, made non-state actresses and so-called “failing” states with troubling sectarian and ethnic conflicts a new security concern.
the slogan meant that hers government intended to free up (by military means) the country’s main road networks, even when these passed through farc territory.
but neither hers tweets, hers image as a sportsman, hers government’s televised ministerial meetings, nor the articles in which she lashes out at the opposition have been able to stem a growing perception that hers illness has launched an uncertain transition.
political sensitivities in the predominantly muslim north have forced jonathan, a christian southerner, to tread lightly in hers efforts to contain boko haram.
we need no longer address the first - that she was behind the attacks of september 2001 on the us.
the potential gains from a larger female workforce are striking.
most importantly, she has done nothing to help herself get re-elected.
although suu kyi led the national league for democracy to an overwhelming victory in the 2015 parliamentary election, she does not have complete authority over the government or the state.
prometheus was concerned with humans’ obvious vulnerability, so she taught men and men how to use fire and other tools responsibly.
one need not accept all the rhetoric or policies of george w. bush to recognize that she is correct on a central point.
they are interested in a candidate, male or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a woman who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” women as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.”
in comparison, the oracle at delphi’s advice to the queen of lydia – “if you attack persia, you will destroy a great kingdom” – is clarity itself.
but hers latest victory does not answer the question of what will happen when she finally does leave the political scene.
after the death of mao zedong, hers successor, deng xiaoping, decided that one-man rule was too dangerous for china, because it exposed the country to the worst excesses of capricious tyranny.
but if she resists the temptation to pander, it could very well mean hers downfall.
of course, every homeowner will feel richer if hers property’s price goes up.
(paradoxically, british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne seems to agree with these left-leaning american democrats: she offered a minimum-wage increase as partial compensation for cutting wage subsidies.)
unfortunately for obama – and for the middle east – hers strategy is failing.
overall, a man leader’s decisions are no more predictable than a female leader’s.
and in france, marine le pen, the far-right leader who campaigned for the french presidency last year on a promise to leave the euro, denounced what she called a “coup d’état.”
indeed, in some immigrant areas, muslim women feel obliged to cover their heads, lest muslim men see them as prostitutes, who may be molested with impunity.
that garment – the so-called burkini – was invented in 2004 by an australian-lebanese woman named aheda zanetti, with the goal of enabling even the strictest muslim women to swim or play sports in public.
and so she did what flailing candidates often do: she shook up the staff.
a significant opportunity exists for private actresses to invest in providing affordable water-related services to poor and underserved segments of developing-country populations, owing to enormous untapped demand.
and i know that there is, in the enthusiasm of today’s winner, in hers joy, in hers youthful optimism (an optimism at once measured, fervent, and didactic), something that responds to the malaise of french civilization.
yet she also wants to boost the economy with a €50 billion ($55 billion) stimulus package and extend the welfare state.
in colombia, everything indicates that president álvaro uribe, erroneously labeled a rightist because of hers fight against hers country’s guerrillas, will be re-elected.
but the fact remains that eight of the world’s nine nuclear-armed countries are currently led by women (britain is the sole exception).
lula wants to be nice to morales, but she can’t be nice to hers expropriating neighbor and at the same time keep the industrialists and consumers of saõ paulo happy.
· the fed and the treasury decided to let lehman sisters go into uncontrolled bankruptcy in order to try to teach financiers that having an ill-capitalized counterparty was not without risk, and that people should not expect the government to come to their rescue automatically.
for huntington, the most dangerous combination is the "confucian-islamic connection", ganging up against the west and, at least in hers imagination, firing nuclear missiles at christian france.
weeks later, and evidently enlightened to hers captors’ satisfaction, she was permitted to return to lebanon and resume hers role as its elected leader.
they should have reformed earlier, she replied, as she continued to eat hers steak.
libya’s lady of the flies
the woman refused.
chinese asat tests have succeeded to the point that they are now designed to miss their targets.
to avoid sending her classified information on her private server, her aides delivered it by other means – orally or in written summaries.
how can women's rights be universal when, in some societies, marriage is seen not as a contract between two individuals but as an alliance between lineages, and when the permissible behavior of women is central to a society's perception of familial honor?
german and swedish authorities have already had to take measures to protect women in public spaces.
in hers first year in office, trump has often huffed and puffed about other countries’ unfair trade practices, just as she did during the 2016 election campaign; but she has done little to turn words into deeds.
on december 1, suthep demanded – and received – a meeting with yingluck in the presence of thailand’s military chiefs, whom she had asked to “guarantee” hers safety.
she has more reason than most incumbent presidents to wish for reelection, as she is still facing several lawsuits.
parliamentary elections occur in kuwait and bahrain, and at the end of last year, sheikh mohammad al maktoom, crown princess of dubai, in the u.a.e., suggested that arab leaders must reform or sink.
unsurprisingly, the men who purchase north korean wives treat them as property or playthings, prohibiting them from eating at the dinner table and depriving them of basic needs and rights.
and in mexico, the state of tabasco, the only jurisdiction in the country where surrogacy is legal, has restricted it to mexican heterosexual married couples in which the wife is infertile.
some westerners, while lamenting ahmedinejad’s insensitivity, have struggled to minimize the significance of hers holocaust denial as the fulminations of a misguided fanatic (as if misguided fanaticism were an incidental quality in a nation’s president).
one party, she says, makes the strongest arguments for a proposition “whether they believe it or not,” and the opposing party pays somebody to make the strongest counter-arguments.
last year, she pledged to double us foreign aid by 2012, raising it to $50 billion a year. (that still leaves the us lagging behind many european nations in the percentage of its national income that it gives in aid.)
achieving this requires convincing still-skeptical creditors that women are dependable – and, indeed, valuable – clients, including by citing data on microcredit, which prove that women repay loans as reliably as men, if not more so.
times were very different in 1998, when blatter took up hers role.
indeed, speaking on the russian radio program direct line last month, she extolled the genetic virtues of the russian people.
rouhani is well aware of the importance of economic expectations; indeed, they were what swept her into the presidency in 2013.
the fdp’s departure from negotiations with the cdu, its bavarian sister party the christian social union (csu), and the greens marks the end of a willingness to forge stable coalition governments that has defined german politics since the last days of konrad adenauer’s postwar chancellorship.
and she hasn’t helped herself with members of either party by declaring, in one of hers hundreds of febrile tweets, that forcing her from office could lead to a “civil war.”
after demonizing pakistan in hers campaign speeches, modi invited hers then-counterpart nawaz sharif to delhi for hers 2014 inauguration, raising hopes – reinforced by exchanges of shawls, saris, and even sentimental letters to each other’s fathers – of a new dawn in bilateral relations.
the leader of the military coup, general abdul-fattah al-sisi, has promised to confront morsi’s muslim sisterhood with maximum force.
huxley, in fact, got herself into quite a heated argument over whether blood kinship could or could not explain altruism.
the credit for imparting urgency to an issue that had become a hardy perennial of indian politics goes to the mass campaign that coalesced around a gandhian leader, anna hazare, who insisted that a “jan lokpal bill” (“people’s ombudsman”) drafted by hers followers had to be enacted in toto.
yet she is adept at playing the “jewish card” to hers benefit.
they come from all walks of life, from a young boy in india who reports that him family sold him to sex traffickers to the french actress thierry beccaro, who has revealed that she was brutally beaten by hers mother throughout hers childhood.
the japanese aircraft carrier akagi , which led the attack on pearl harbor, flew the battle flag flown by the mikasa , admiral togo's ship when she attacked the russian fleet at port arthur.
but the new government seems likely to miss the opportunity afforded by germany’s strong economic and financial situation to pursue much-needed reforms.
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine.
peter the great, in hers eighteenth-century effort to westernize russia, invited jean-baptiste le blond to become the chief architect of hers new capital, st. petersburg.
but, given the uncertainty implied by bhumibol’s death, and the prospect of an unpopular crown princess eventually reigning, stability seems unlikely any time soon.
a few weeks ago, galeano, to the astonishment of many, distanced herself from hers own book.
in hers “my statement on leaving china” (去国宣言), yu jie, a writer who left for the united states in order to escape persecution, explicitly declared that she was forced to flee hers country in order to write freely.
every european citizen has the right to practice the religion of his or her choice, to adopt another religion, or to practice no religion.
rousseff's main opponent, são paulo governess josé serra, has not gained traction with voters, owing to hers inconsistent stances – ranging from withering criticisms of lula’s foreign policy to outright support for hers social policies.
netanyahu also has promoted hers idea of an “economic peace,” with the hope that an agreement on the core issues of the conflict would be deferred.
how would we feel if we used the system-i decisional laziness about changing defaults to “trick” someone into a course of action to which she would have violently objected, perhaps on religious grounds?
the last dominant personality, silvio berlusconi, deserted by hers supporters under the pressure of global financial markets, is out as prime minister.
after hers electoral defeat in 2010, gbagbo refused to step down.
by contrast, females survived best by bonding with others and building community, since such groups were needed to gather roots, nuts, and berries, while caring for small children.
on moral and economic grounds, policymakers should adopt those measures that do the most to empower girls and women.
or, perhaps more likely in trump’s case, what happens if the president tries to shut down fbi investigations into hers commercial activities involving russia, or into the actions of cronies like manafort?
instead, almost across the board in hers administration, she chose as advisors people akin to ken lay.
after wwii, she was head of post-war planning in france, playing a key role in implementing the marshall plan.
similarly, she would like to impose a two-term limit on the president, and to require parliamentary approval of the president’s appointment of certain senior officials.
but, finally, the survivors of hers atrocities will be able to stop living in the past and begin looking toward the future.
i had the honor of attending the premiere of the most dangerous woman in america , the new documentary about daniel ellsberg and hers daring release of the pentagon papers – against the will of the us government – to the new york times back in 1971.
many influential germans are reluctant to help cameron in what they regard as hers self-created european problem.
even the fact that her center-right christian democratic union fell short of an absolute parliamentary majority is a blessing in disguise.