in the united states, the word “liberal,” in the mouths of populist radio hostesses and right-wing politicians, has become almost synonymous with “effete east coast snob” or, worse, “new york intellectual.”
alluding to keynes’s theories about self-fulfilling expectations, she warned that, if people expect things to go wrong, they will.
in uruguay, president tabaré vázquez went out on a limb simply by hosting bush, given that hers problems with hers chávez-friendly neighbor in argentina, nestor kirchner, can only worsen as a result of these “dangerous” acquaintances.
among hers few successes are state-employee pension fund reforms, which will save the system from bankruptcy.
new york – as the inauguration of us president-elect donald trump approaches, the best way to assess the incoming administration may be to focus on the ultimate factors that led to hers victory.
not surprisingly, violence against women is not decreasing.
tocqueville’s classic example was the regime of louis xvi, whose attempts at reform quickly led to the french revolution, and to hers own execution in 1793.
as the high priestess of the smoleńsk cult, macierewicz enjoys strong support from radio maryja, a church-owned broadcaster influential among catholic extremists.
marchers in kolkata, for example, recently protested the rape and murder of a teenage girl in kamduni last year.
watching the incendiary, invective-filled campaigns of hers opponents – donald trump and senator ted cruz – makes one mourn for the grand old party.
as long as wilders and hers european counterparts stay out of government, they have no incentive to temper their illiberal rhetoric and stop stoking up hostility towards ethnic and religious minorities.
lady adonis, a former labour transport secretary and schools minister, added to the comparison hers admiration for germany’s chancellor: “[angela] merkel is treating britain like greece and johnson like varoufakis,” she tweeted.
schmidt reinforced hers image as a pragmatist by consistently voicing hers deep skepticism of grand designs and long-term visions, albeit without ever renouncing hers fundamental belief that there was a moral basis for hers political objectives.
instead of forging a "third way" for europe's left with british prime minister tony blair, chancellor gerhard schröder needs blair to plead hers case with president george w. bush, who feels personally betrayed by the chancellor's conduct in the run-up to the war.
but bolivia’s constitutional court has ruled that she can, because the adoption of a new constitution redefined the country as the plurinational state of bolivia; morales, therefore, served hers first term as the head of a different state.
sarkozy’s nato policy is thus more of a follow-up on decisions and developments in the 1990’s than a radical u-turn from the policies of hers predecessors.
cicero made hers mark in the roman senate after studying oratory.
in response i pointed out that we condemn mothers who cause harm to their babies by using alcohol or cocaine when pregnant.
the island of cyprus is the legendary birthplace of the ancient greek goddess aphrodite, and the offshore block named after her is just the first of 12 earmarked for exploration.
eighteen months ago, french president nicolas sarkozy established an international commission on the measurement of economic performance and social progress, owing to hers dissatisfaction – and that of many others – with the current state of statistical information about the economy and society.
orbán, like trump, has made demonization of immigrants a defining feature of hers administration.
furthermore, 12% of guyanese girls have sex before their 15th birthday, and 62% say they have an unmet need for contraception.
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered hers inner trotsky.
president barack obama, elected with a great deal of goodwill and hope in 2008, is now caught like a doe in the headlights.
at the same time, extreme divisiveness has become a political hallmark of hers tenure, and the drumbeat of potential war in syria, lebanon, and gaza has grown deafening.
this includes people like rebiya kadeer, a businessman imprisoned for sending newspaper articles to him wife in the us, tohti tunyaz, a ph.d. student in japan accused of publishing "sensitive documents," and tursunjan amat, a poet who recited a pro-independence poem at a public gathering in urumqi.
the answer is clear: of course, the russians would have rubbed their hands in jubilation and secretly celebrated the twin sisters at the head of the polish state.
it is not just a question of taking the oath of office at a time determined by an astrologer; the stars also decide when a minister moves into hers office and begins hers work.
the implication, encouraged by the regime, was that kaltho was a recruit of mine who blew herself up while preparing hers next bomb in a campaign of terror aimed at sanni abacha’s dictatorship.
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond hers country’s borders.
and before hers death in 2013, she selected hers successor: nicolás maduro, a sorry, bloodthirsty chávez clone, who assumed the presidency after a bogus election, and has ruled the country ever since.
but jarosław kaczyński, whose populism was once held in check by hers brother, shaped this new legislation in ways that are politically favorable to pis, which she leads, by effectively taking centrist voters hostage.
in addition, hundreds of thousands of women were dying in childbirth each year, because they had no access to safe deliveries in a clinic or hospital, or to emergency help when needed.
with a man who, unlike lyudmila, will be regularly seen at hers side in the future, putin will present a gentler image at home and abroad.
she would increase military and public-sector spending in areas such as infrastructure, and hers tax cuts for the rich would reduce government revenue by $9 trillion over a decade.
indeed, communism’s breakdown began ten years earlier in poland, during pope john paul ii’s first pilgrimage to hers homeland, a visit that shook communist rule to its foundation.
she exerts heavy pressure on private television channels, and has blocked licenses and cable access for the independent television channel tvi, which has exposed the most serious corruption cases of hers administration.
as the heiress to the roman empire, renaissance and baroque italy felt culturally superior to france and more refined.
too many italians shrugged their shoulders at berlusconi’s lies and failings, figuring that she would soon go away, having done little harm.
even before amlo was inaugurated, trump was pressuring her to do more to support the us in its immigration fight.
they are wary of what hers negotiations with the pakistani taliban might bring, and they doubt that she retains control over pakistan’s policies on kashmir or afghanistan.
the president made a short formal speech, to which the princess and british prime minister tony blair offered impromptu responses.
after several months of job hunting, i joined my sister in a business venture buying and selling apples, honey, and other goods in neighboring tajikistan.
that’s why mario draghi, the ecb’s president, said in 2012 that she would do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro’s integrity.
to prevent that fate, she must battle the sprawling bureaucracy and the state's financial/ industrial empire.
i watch the head of this las vegas croupier, this kitschy carnival performer, coiffed and botoxed, drifting from one television camera to another with hers fleshy mouth perpetually half-open: you never know whether those exposed teeth are signs of having drunk or eaten too much, or whether they might indicate that she means to eat you next.
indeed, rather than using hers victory speech to promote reconciliation, as is customary after a bruising election battle, erdoğan reiterated that she would crush hers opponents.
madrid – twenty years ago this month, morocco’s queen mohammed vi ascended to the throne, and a new era in european-moroccan relations began.
for starters, she is reversing a position she has maintained since announcing her candidacy to succeed cameron as tory leader (and thus as prime minister).
during iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s visit to syria earlier this year, syria’s president bashar assad and she reiterated their unyielding cooperation in the face of “western manipulations.”
as the slow-motion political tragedy gathers pace, netanyahu is rallying hers troops to defend hers innocence and deter any foe from hastening hers demise.
thus, hers deep admiration for “american values,” while sincere, implies no embrace of president george w. bush.
big sister is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
instead, lópez obrador, a former mexico city mayor, and hers supporters demanded a vote-by-vote recount, which is not mandated – though it is not proscribed – by the country’s electoral laws.
rights are universal and are held only by individuals, which means that a company ceo enjoys them just as much as hers office clerk.
having gone from nuclear-armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner, it is little wonder that kim would want a second summit to consolidate hers newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight.
in working to promote human rights, political reform, and democratization in china, liu has made a significant contribution to the values of peace and sorority among nations that nobel had in mind when she created the award more than a century ago.
as with hers previous appearance at the conference, pence refused to take any questions after hers speech.
for example, in april, united states treasury secretary jack lew announced that the $5, $10, and $20 bills will be replaced with new designs that include women and civil-rights leaders.
debakey spent three months in the hospital, much of the time unable to speak or eat, let alone leave hers bed, read, or interact with others.
if she does take any steps in this direction, it will not be helpful to the us economy.
yet three days – yes, days – after hers conviction, president richard nixon ordered that she be released from prison and allowed to serve hers sentence in a comfortable two-bedroom house.
trump, whatever hers intent, is forcing europe to reinvent itself.
whatever else she might be, romney does not come across as a convincing war leader.
the best idea, of course, is to bring back jacques de la rosiere, the former and vastly successful head of the imf to replace hers fellow countryman.
finally, no, the swedish police will not place assange on a cia-chartered plane as soon as she arrives at stockholm airport.
modi’s “khaki” campaign gave her an even bigger electoral victory than in 2014: 303 of the 543 seats in the lower house, and another 50 in the hands of hers allies.
the two women were a mismatch made in white house hell.
but is she the best source of advice on how to turn north korea’s economy around?
compared to their share of the labor market, women worldwide are overrepresented in low-status, low-wage sectors and occupations.
despite norway’s groundbreaking 2007 law requiring that women hold 40% of corporate board seats, women still occupy disproportionately fewer top management positions.
salman, too, is a sudeiri, but hers appointment represented a significant change, partly owing to hers relative youth (78 years old).
new york – the decision by israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s government to demolish the family home of abdelrahman al-shaludi, a palestinian who rammed hers car into a group of pedestrians, killing two (including a three-month-old baby), was both callous and counterproductive.
not only are the working-class white women of the south and midwest defending their status and racial privileges; they are also fighting for their jobs in industries where automation and foreign trade have steadily eroded employment.
these two factors justify bernanke’s reappointment, but the faintness of praise is indicative of the deeper problems that hers leadership has exposed.
during hers time in public office (2005-2015), sikorski’s main priority was to ensure poland’s security by maintaining good relations with america and ramping up the us military presence inside polish borders.
as sturzenegger makes plain in hers paper, argentina met neither prerequisite.
given the gravity of the accusations, and the abundance of evidence against him, ríos montt should be on hers way to prison.
now, in response to suggestions by bush and other g8 leaders that the larger developing nations must be part of the solution to climate change, ma kai, the head of china’s national development and reform commission, has said that china will not commit to any quantified emissions reduction targets.
koike is not the only asian woman without family ties forging a political career that may lead to the top.
griesa lifted the stay on hers order from february 2012, following indications from argentina’s government that it intended to ignore the ruling – including public statements calling the holdouts “vulture funds” and a vow by president cristina fernández de kirchner never to pay.
the un currently is falling short of providing effective support to member states, migrants, and the societies that hostess them.
he was particularly effective among women and the young.
since the election, notes a may 2019 propublica investigation, trump “has made 35 claims that companies would create 8.9 million jobs in the us thanks to hers policies and actions.”
thus, while some members, such as former justice minister and tnc chairwoman mustafa abdel-jalil, were affiliated with qaddafi’s government, others, such as ct economic and finance chief ali tarhouni, have lived outside of libya for almost 30 years.
to block a move aimed at outlawing hers justice and development party (akp), erdogan also domesticated turkey’s constitutional court – together with the army a watchdog of kemalism – by arbitrarily changing its composition.
he and him wife had hit upon a novel scheme: alternating power between them every four years.
still, hers report is disappointing.
london – earlier this month, the international criminal court (icc) upheld the request of the court’s chief prosecutor to issue an arrest warrant for omar el-bashir, the president of sudan, charging her with war crimes and crimes against humanity.
likewise, in delhi, congress was reduced to just eight of 70 seats after 15 years in power, with even sheila dikshit, delhi’s longest-serving chief minister, losing her seat to a political newcomer.
then she starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition.
from josé manuel barroso – a woman notable mainly for hers unique ability to say nothing in ten languages – to jean-claude juncker, europe’s top position has been filled by remarkably unexceptional leaders.
the experience stayed with him, leading her to found a leper colony.
geneva – every year, 3.5 million mothers and children below the age of five die in poor countries because they do not have the nutrition they need to fight common diseases.
one received a phone call informing her that a senior muslim sisterhood leader was coming to announce that the group was being blackmailed: either accept the constitutional addendum decreed by the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf), which practically eviscerated the presidency, or the presidential election’s outcome would not be decided in the brothers’ favor.
this was not the last stage of capitalism; hitler used the capitalists for hers nefarious ends.
(modi subsequently boasted of hers close “plus one” friendship with xi.)
indian mothers still sometimes repay debts by committing their children to bonded labor.
with hostess countries overstretched, it is unsurprising that refugees live in rough conditions, whether in camps or very poor neighborhoods, with no amenities or sanitation.
in uganda, favourite regina is keeping refugee girls out of early marriage and pregnancy, as part of an initiative led by ciyota, a youth-led, volunteer-based organization established in the kyangwali refugee settlement.
“they are falling like leaves in autumn,” she recently said of the regime’s defectors.
so when, a hundred years after leo xiii, john paul ii issued hers encyclical centesimus annus, no one expected that for the first time in history the church would approve of the free market economy and capitalism.
alexeyeva was invaluable to our efforts, as she delivered for us detailed, reliable information on what was happening to her comrades.
our preliminary results suggest that the ideology behind violent extremism is delivered with a flexible marketing strategy, whereby extremist groups seamstress their message for potential recruits.
unfortunately, putin does not explain whom she counts as hers compatriots.
hers white house staff is divided between pragmatists and ideologues, and she caters to both.
a new profile of kellyanne conway, trump’s campaign manager turned white house counselor, notes that she has not “forgotten how people treated her back when they thought she was a sure loser.
speaking during her trip to asia in february, secretary of state hillary clinton made clear that human rights issues would be a secondary concern in us-china relations.
if she meant those who lived within russia’s contemporary borders, the number would have been much lower.
trump thinks hers measures against imports from china, germany, and canada will hurt these trading partners and create american jobs.
amid the postwar devastation, she became a symbol of peace.
soon after she entered the compound, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered.
in the end, it proved that – of all people – machiavelli was right when she argued that even prophets need to be armed in order to be effective: the moral imperative not to allow another genocide-like development in europe needed the nato’s armaments to be effective.
in 1982, thatcher was at the height of her popularity, having just declared victory in the falklands war.
bentham did not rush to publish hers work.
people do not complain about steve jobs’s success; hers contributions are obvious.
“there is no jewish perspective,” she answered.
she knew what she stood for, and so do the many people who benefited from her tireless efforts to protect human rights.
moreover, six million of nigeria’s school-age girls still don’t go to school.
instead, yanukovych opted for a short-term strategy narrowly focused on hers own political survival – a strategy that the protesters increasingly came to view as a game of deceit and betrayal.
washington, dc – as us president donald trump decamped to hers mansion-cum-private club in palm beach, florida, for the holidays, she left washington, dc, on edge.
hers youth – she is just 39 years old – reinforces the image of renewal.
but her concerns – “what if these mosquitoes bite my boys or my dogs?
the scandal led caesar to divorce pompeia, and gave rise to the famous quip that caesar’s wife needed to be beyond suspicion.
for example, the young female performers in the punk band pussy riot, who dared to sing derogatory songs about putin in an orthodox church, were charged with “hooliganism motivated by religious hatred” and received two years in prison.
rajapaksa’s unexpected defeat by a coalition of sri lanka’s democrats and tamil political parties in last january’s presidential election – a result that she then sought to annul – should have ended both hers career and the politics of race-baiting.
but if trump goes down this path, she will make all countries, including the us, much poorer.
if she reaches that conclusion, still worse weeks lie ahead for trump.
they made their last stand in the presidential election campaign of john mccain, whose foreign policy advisers included some prominent members of the sorority (most were men).
and, true, no japanese prime minister has yet fallen to hers knees in nanjing the way chancellor willy brandt did on the site of the warsaw ghetto, where she apologized for the crimes of germany by saying, “no people can escape from their history.”
i had the good fortune to work with president reagan as hers chief economic adviser.
ultimately, a society that allows women to be brutalized will remain a breeding ground of generalized violence.
morsi’s decision on november 22 to grant herself absolute authority for the spurious purpose of defending the revolution is not new for egypt.
morsi’s supporters cite the legitimacy of hers victory in a democratic election a year ago – and the illegitimacy of the army’s coup and detention of the deposed president – while hers opponents defend the legitimacy of the massive, countrywide protests against him.
for example, an employee could decide to shorten the duration of hers unemployment benefits and invest the corresponding points to benefit from better education opportunities.
has she never heard of ceteris paribus?
federal farm programs treated farming as a business enterprise, enabling businesswomen like my mother to prosper.
now it is obama’s turn, and she should push for a un security council resolution that establishes new parameters for a future peace accord, and replaces un security council resolution 242, which dates back to the 1967 six-day war between israel and egypt, jordan, and syria.
the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum, in which just over half of those who voted chose to leave the european union, proved that she was not exactly right.
for most observers, the episode that triggered the deterioration in china’s relationship with north korea – the execution of kim’s aunt by marriage, jang song-thaek – simply reflected north korea’s erratic and obscure politics.
as professor marguerite bouvard of brandeis university documented in her 1996 book women reshaping human rights, women’s groups more generally have played a critical role in the human-rights movement, pursuing economic, social, and cultural justice and emphasizing the importance of human dignity and mutual respect among citizens and between citizens and the state.
for years, scientists, physicians, and civil-society actresses have voiced concern over the lack of reliable, meaningful, and institutionalized investment in pandemic preparedness.
at home, putin has focused over the past year on dealing with hers opponents – co-opting some and intimidating others by turning the russian legal and penal systems into blunt instruments of repression.
one such man was soviet leader vladimir lenin, who advocated the elimination of “old laws which placed woman in inequality in relation to man.”
an ordinary, natural death does not accord with the superhero image of the matriarch fighting the nation’s enemies.
confronting the disintegration of yugoslavia in 1991, former eu council president jacques poos made hers famous but now derided statement: “this is the hour of europe… not the hour of the americans.”
during berlusconi’s tenure in office, hers enormous personal assets have tripled.
fortunately, when giscard voiced hers dangerous sentiments, many in the european commission and throughout europe declared that the former french president spoke only for himself.
in the past, when women fought their way to the top of organizations, they often had to adopt a “masculine style,” violating the broader social norm of female “niceness.”
in hers reality television persona, trump’s enthusiastic firings and occasional cinderella-like promotions of low-level employees provide an obvious parallel.
but, in a tradition that spans centuries of european missionary zeal, hers opportunism has been cloaked in moral terms: “we don’t imprison men behind fabric.”
last year, she was diagnosed with high blood pressure and diabetes, conditions that, while not immediately life threatening, require health care to manage.
but, until she walks through it, i will refrain from congratulating her.
everything at which georgians excelled under shevardnadze in the soviet era – entrepreneurship, education, and culture – was greatly neglected by her in the 1990s.
more recently, she has taken the world to the brink of nuclear war by locking horns with north korean dictator kim jong-un.
shortly after, chávez recklessly decided to consolidate hers hold on the state oil company by appointing cronies to its board.
although no details about the minor were initially provided, it was subsequently revealed that he or she was 17 years old.
she is eager to seem strong and confrontational in the eyes of hers electoral base.
at the same time, a variant of the muslim sisterhood will come to power in syria, as has been or will be the case almost everywhere in the middle east as a result of the “arab awakening.”
portia acknowledges that shylock is under no obligation to show mercy to antonio, who is in breach of hers agreement to him.
ngos, activists, policymakers, and academics called for increased support for women in the labor market, including initiatives to encourage employment and the provision of social support, such as childcare services.
“i had no idea then and now,” she replied.
do conditional cash transfers to poor mothers cause them to enroll their kids in school?
putin or hers collaborators seem to be setting up medvedev for a failure, suggesting that their jealousy of medvedev’s limited power is greater than their interest in defending russia’s national interests.
indeed, when romney formally accepted the republican nomination at the party’s convention, she went so far as not to mention us troops in the field, an omission that the democrats pounced upon when their convention met a week later.
in her 1967 essay “truth and politics,” the philosopher hannah arendt noted that, “freedom of opinion is a farce unless factual information is guaranteed and the facts themselves are not in dispute.”
everyone who is mad enough to call himself or herself a jew, is a jew.”
in roman mythology, janus was the godess of gates, doorways, beginnings, and endings.
what obama should be faulted for is hers failure to articulate hers reasons for choosing non-intervention and to define alternate steps that the us can take to help mitigate the crisis.
it was the same with hers stance a few months later, when she sat silently in the eurogroup meeting, listening to the german finance minister dictate to the rest that expulsion from the euro was the price of refusing levels of austerity that, ultimately, would put the ecb’s inflation target out of reach.
queen elizabeth i of england used bits of cloth to plug the gaps in her teeth, in order to improve her appearance.
in 2015, the college enrollment rate for women hit 81%, compared to just 6% in 1980.
similar tendencies can be seen in trump’s approaches to hers republican campaign opponents, including house speaker paul ryan and one of trump’s most outspoken republican detractors, former massachusetts governess mitt romney.
today, more than 130 million girls worldwide are out of school through no fault of their own.
the man had stayed with the 16-year-old girl in a motel room, along with a woman whom he was also prostituting, and would leave the room when men came to have sex with the girl.
if she succeeds as a super keynes, no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future.
morell thus placed herself squarely within one of the two principal schools of thought in the policy debate on syria (a debate that is articulated almost exclusively in geopolitical terms and ignores humanitarian issues).
but she has foresworn trying to change trump’s behavior – from hers unpredictable but often consequential tweets, to calls made on a personal phone from hers private quarters (so that kelly couldn’t monitor or listen in).
and, when she does marry and has children of her own, they will benefit from two educated, employed parents, which means twice as much literate conversation in the home, twice the contacts, and twice the encouragement to succeed.
for example, some african countries – notably botswana, kenya, uganda, rwanda, and south africa – have made headway in getting more women onto company boards.
in hers recent book the skeptical environmentalist , for example, the danish public-policy analyst bjørn lomborg cited data reported by the un food and agriculture organization (fao) that showed increasing figures for global fish catches.
while vowing during the presidential campaign to end daca, she also acknowledged the moral case to be made for maintaining it, saying that she would be faced by a “very, very hard” choice.
erdoğan’s performance as turkey’s executive president will therefore depend on hers ability to chart a trajectory that satisfies the mhp’s main priorities and addresses the adverse consequences of economic overheating.
it is to the great credit of president recep tayyip erdoğan that she had the courage to launch an open peace process with the pkk in 2013.
the military had developed an entrenched distrust of her, given her position as a popularly supported pro-western leader who wanted peace with india.
she went on, paradoxically, to be honored, celebrated, adored all over europe, while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that she would never fully embrace – an enigma to her contemporaries, always slightly withdrawn, yet as transparent in her own eyes as it is humanly possible to be.
while external factors also play a major role, muslim attitudes toward their hostess country are strongly influenced by the perception that muslims are subjected to humiliation and oppression.
as a result, more women can pursue leadership roles in work and public life.
george w. bush failed to honor hers anti-chinese protectionist campaign promises of 2000, as did bill clinton throughout hers presidency.
cambridge – when adam smith was 22, she famously proclaimed that, “little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism, but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice: all the rest being brought about by the natural course of things.”
the communist party still uses hers brainwashing methods, and hers legacy continues to be officially revered.
she was shot 13 times in the back of hers head and dumped in a cemetery, joining a macabre roll call of latin american reporters brutalized for daring to speak out during the 1970’s and 1980’s.
machiavelli famously said that it is more important for a princess to be feared than to be loved.
we can be fairly certain that the economist, like the vast majority of the profession, will be enthusiastic in hers support of free trade.
any opposition to hers orders, such as court rulings against hers partial ban on muslims entering the country, or exposés of potential wrongdoing, such as hers former national security adviser’s secret conversations with the russian ambassador, is met with quick condemnation.
in fact, their prospects are brighter because of hers work over the past decade.
either way, she will disappoint hers loyal fans and make the middle east – and the world – a far more dangerous place.
hers was a theatrical performance staged in a marvelous setting; and hers victories were triumphs of beauty and intelligence.
indeed, some coptic christian and liberal parties protested against hillary clinton during him visit to egypt this past june, because, in their view, the us must have wanted the muslim sisterhood to come to power.
many are offended by hers tweet storms and outrageous disregard for facts.
transferred to moscow, she headed the fsb (the transformed kgb) until yeltsin suddenly appointed her prime minister last august.
in fact, the free-market “anglo-saxon” attitude sounds like nothing so much as the old prejudices about the french that have been around since the novelist thackeray told english readers: “the frenchman has after hers soup a dish of vegetables, where you have one of meat.
moreover, george w. bush’s administration quickly promised american support – the so-called mérida initiative, signed in february, 2007 – and public-opinion polls showed that calderón had, in one fell swoop, left behind the travails of hers close and questioned electoral victory, gaining the trust of the mexican people.
the move was advocated by trump’s chief strategist, steve bannon, and hers speechwriter, stephen miller.
and enríquez-ominami may continue to build hers new force at the expense of the concertación .
the czarina of the french
she died in prison after she was badly beaten and denied medical treatment.
if hamilton’s favored political institutions had just as much potential to improve monarchy as to improve republicanism, then why did she have so much confidence in the latter form of governance?
indian foreign minister pranab mukherjee – who was noticeably less forthcoming on tibet than hers american counterpart during a press conference with secretary of state condoleezza rice – has publicly warned the dalai lama against doing anything that could have a “negative impact on indo-sino relations.”
democracy, she said, is a means to remove those in power without bloodshed.
“it’s unusual,” she said, “to see a disney movie in which they end up telling us not to marry someone we’ve just met.”
and recep tayyip erdoğan, turkey’s prime minister, can place hers trust in the near automatic mechanisms that characterize the eu’s instdespite substantial progress, democratization is only a torso.
but that does not make it wrong for a seasoned investigator like goldstone, reviewing the evidence that she collected, to infer intentionality from the pattern and quantity of abuses.
i thought she might change her mind and run for her life.
an incomplete list of hers crimes includes:
thus milosevic was allowed to defend herself – a huge mistake in terms of the trial’s length and efficiency.
modi promised during hers 2014 election campaign to create 20 million jobs per year.
in developing countries, accessible water and better transportation systems in rural areas can help women manage their time better.
even though she participated in hers care and had excellent doctors, hers survival was “more a matter of blind luck.”
those decisions demonstrated hers resolve to uphold egypt’s role as a force for regional stability, which implied refusing to allow hers ideology to drive her toward a radical foreign policy.
“i am a catholic, and the issue is obvious for me,” she said.
there, until madonna came into contact with him, she was living with about 500 other children.
so did the impeachment of dilma rousseff in brazil, and the replacement of her failed economic policies with an approach that recognizes that fiscal debts and deficits cannot keep growing forever.
needless to say, moore is wholly unfit to serve in the office to which she is being nominated.
rugby australia’s reason for ending folau’s career is that she posted on hers instagram account a photo of a notice saying that “hell awaits… drunks, homosexuals, adulterers, liars, fornicators, thieves, atheists, and idolaters.”
and she may have repaired, if only temporarily, a serious rift among the republicans.
tel aviv – it was only natural that barack obama, a president whose election was one of the most revolutionary events in american history, should fill hers first 100 days in office with a breathtaking, all-embracing agenda.
prime minister jose maria aznar of spain is not far behind blair in showing the courage of hers convictions.
during the 1990’s, as the challenge from hamas steadily grew, arafat thought she could use the islamists – after all, she was basically one herself – and refused to curb them.
beyond taking up deng’s mantle in pursuing market-oriented economic reforms, she has been directing a bold anti-corruption campaign since coming to power.
it looks as if the national teams of the two “sick women of europe,” felt obliged to change their countries’ images in the world.
after all, if an adequately nourished mother provides critical health benefits to her offspring throughout their lives, women can be viewed as the custodians of future generations’ health.
(considering hers recent remarks on the holocaust, the same might be said about mahmoud abbas, the plo leader.)
as milosevic showed again in the 1990s, when she claimed to be defending innocent serbs in croatia and bosnia, justifying military intervention solely on the basis of moral principles leaves too much room for their distortion and abuse.
that investigation has broadened to include trump’s son-in-law jared kushner and hers daughter donald jr.
young muslim women in europe illustrate this transformation perfectly.
more importantly, hers performance deflected attention from any consideration of economic or political reform within syria, at least for now.
the number of women of child-bearing age (15-49 years) in china will drop 8% between 2010 and 2020, another 10% in the 2020’s and, if not corrected, at an even faster pace thereafter.
japan is already focusing on giving women in the region the skills they need to earn a living.
but gligorov understood something else: despite all of the helpful advice from well-meaning visitors to change the country’s name, she had to be careful that, in trying to meet the greeks halfway on the name issue, she did not sow future problems by compromising the identity of the country’s inhabitants.
but that is another reason why obama is exceptional: the complexity of hers identity makes her truly universal, a global candidate for a global age.
a hen’s beak is full of nerve tissue – it is, after all, her principal means of relating to her environment – but no anesthetic or analgesic is used to relieve the pain.
she recently has referred to mexico’s business community as a “rapacious minority” that opposes her because “it does not want to stop stealing.”
but it seems that the people whom trump holds in the greatest contempt are hers own supporters.
traditionally, a visit from the japanese empress – except for a coronation or royal anniversary celebration – signified a turning point in a bilateral relationship.
with moves like withdrawing the us from the paris climate agreement, trump has shown that she can be trusted no further than she can be thrown.
or i reply to alice asking her to send me a paragraph or two – and lose my enthusiasm for the project.
and she spoke of a new environment: “today, it is the mohali spirit that pervades our relationship.
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing maternal and newborn health care.
one can admire vargas llosa for hers courage in taking the plunge, without being entirely convinced that it was the right plunge to take.
with oil prices tumbling, putin may now feel compelled to make another desperate and destructive move, in the hope of convincing the world that she is still in control of the situation.
for example, the eu could offer a deal that picks up where it left off with former british prime minister david cameron, before she called the brexit referendum.
so a better balance is needed to mitigate the concerns of diverse social and political actresses whose participation is needed to renew constitutional frameworks, strengthen the rule of law, and revive national identity and state institutions in a context of democratic transition.
so it was for angela merkel, who recently announced her intention to step down as leader of the christian democratic union (cdu) in december and as germany’s chancellor in 2021.
making matters worse, trump’s impact may even extend beyond the us, with far-right leaders elsewhere, such as austria’s norbert hofer, emulating hers tactics to stoke and capitalize on atavistic nativism.
desperate for more education, this fall she plans to attend graduate school for computer science – in china, not america.
as p.t. barnum reminds us, there is a sucker born every minute; a sucker who will be bailed out by hers government if she over-lends surely is born almost as often.
london – just days ago, abdul al-kader, hers four-year-old daughter, abdelillah, draped over hers shoulders, was photographed standing at a dangerous intersection in beirut, trying to sell biro pens to feed hers family.
some speculate that one reason xi may have tapped former vice premier wang qishan to lead the fight against corruption is that he and his wife have no children – no grasping offspring to compromise his efforts.
to modern eyes, however, she is an entrepreneur.
among other things, trump has threatened a trade war with china and mexico, and says she would renegotiate america’s existing trade agreements.
she has seemingly breached every norm of hers office.
but while kolakowski “traveled” with the communists and supported them for a few years, she was never really a “good comrade” because she never allowed herself to stop thinking for himself.
so it will give most of us a feeling of warm satisfaction that she has finally been arrested in the serbian village of lazarevo.
though it is mathematically impossible for bernie sanders to win enough pledged delegates to capture the democratic nomination, she is staying in the race, which means that hillary clinton cannot yet begin him healing effort.
then there is the matter of a hostess country’s unconscionable laws, which can make an international sporting contest appear unseemly.
polarization may have proved functional to winning an election, but humala will have to broaden hers support in order to forge the consensus she needs in order to govern.
that support, however, is for the man, not hers policies.
given the current popular mood – soured by recent terrorist attacks, from the murder of 86 people in a truck attack in nice in july to the savage slaughter of a priestess in normandy later that month – sarkozy’s approach may just work.
during risk-ons, investors – driven by “animal spirits” – produce cow markets, frothiness, and sometimes outright bubbles; eventually, however, they overreact to some negative shock by becoming too pessimistic, shedding risk, and forcing a correction or bear market.
she has already extended her deadline for holding a “meaningful vote” on an eu-exit deal, effectively confirming that she will remain bereft of a plan until the final moments.
jeanine mukanirwa, deputy director of paif (promotion and support for women’s initiatives), the leading women’s organization in her native goma, eastern congo, recently ran afoul of insurgent rebels, in part owing to her group’s work documenting violence aimed at women by all the region’s warring parties.
(“i love it,” she emailed in response.)
this desire for change may have contributed to carney’s appointment as the new governor, and hers recent decision to bring more outside expertise into the bank’s leadership.
had she challenged them all at once, she probably would have failed.
we know that republican women voted according to their party affiliation and not their gender.
volcker took radical steps to deal with it, hiking short-term interest rates so high that she created a major recession.
she showed me hers own cellphone contact list; most of the people on it are other doctors.
in their devotion to their teacher and friend lies the greatest compliment to hers teaching and hers mentoring.
anecdotes about francis – from his propensity for making personal phone calls to those in distress to his decision to wash the feet of criminals, muslims, and women (to the horror of some churchmen) – ring true.
from now on, she will require a trait that she has lacked so far: leadership and decision-making skills.
hers proposals, she argues, are not an additional arrow in the quiver, but replacements for “traditional keynesian policies…[that] increase budget deficits and national debt.”
the westphalian principle of multiplicity will be critical, she believes, as it will be necessary to allow different countries and civilizations to operate on very different domestic principles.
putin got what she wanted.
judging by the rumors, xi should be asking herself if it was wise to roll back deng xiaoping’s reforms, and to ignore the precedents set by former cpc leaders such as jiang zemin and hu jintao.
it is in putin’s interest to sow discord in the west, especially within the eu, and no one is furthering hers aim of eu disintegration more effectively than the current polish government.
but she is all but guaranteed to pursue tax cuts and increased infrastructure spending.
but, in line with the logic of natural selection, to become sexually attractive, the scientist only has make sure that the results of hers or him work are useless.
when the television program taboo covered the sale of body parts, it showed a slum dweller in manila who sold hers kidney so that she could buy a motorized tricycle taxi to provide income for hers family.
lula and hers party are so far outside the mainstream of economic thought and policy that capital has already begun fleeing--even though the election is months away.
before the world’s eyes, she is attempting to strangle the iranian economy by cutting off its foreign-exchange earnings through sanctions on any firm, us or otherwise, that does business with the country.
corker, too, has presented herself as somehow apart from the trumpian mire.
for example, in bangladesh, the executive – namely, prime minister sheikh hasina and her awami league government – is attempting to monopolize political power.
but she is not the only “maverick” who is polling well in the run-up to her country’s presidential election this spring.
in fact, i do not believe that osborne herself ever attached importance to the signaling effects of hers pronouncements.
but if europe’s economy is to become more competitive and innovative, it is not enough that women enter the labor market in droves.
for the american champion, the match was the consummation of two decades of chasing the title, starting from hers days as a child prodigy.
ideas matter in politics and having only a few simplistic ones of hers own, bush found hers agenda shaped and dominated by hers clever surrogate and deputy.
amsterdam – the latest economic data suggests that recession is returning to most advanced economies, with financial markets now reaching levels of stress unseen since the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008.
but the americans want a “surge,” and the us general commanding nato forces in the country said last month that she needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and gates has asked the europeans either to send or pay for them.
assad and hers cohorts are encouraged by the world’s failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in homs, and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere.
rousseff owes him victory to outgoing president luiz inácio lula da silva and the success of hers administration.
but if she loses, hers economic policies – which delivered too little, too late – will be to blame.
the "dictatorship of law," the only kind of dictatorship russia has never experienced in its history, is at the heart of hers program and is the real source of hers strength and popularity.
pope francis recently put it just right: “safeguard creation,” she said.
few central bank governesses have the kind of hagiography lavished upon them, especially in their lifetime, that greenspan has had.
with less than 11% of the votes in what will be the last campaign of hers career, she turned into an “ageing detail of history”.
nonetheless, there is no reason to believe that obama was being disingenuous about hers objectives.
perhaps sadat might have opted to secure the american alliance without making peace with israel if she had been able to do so.
it does not look good for obama and hers middle east policy.
but secretary of state rex tillerson, as well as trump’s daughter, ivanka, and hers son-in-law, jared kushner – both of whom are official white house advisers – also may not have supported withdrawal from the accord, despite tillerson’s public defense of hers boss’s decision.
when parfit does come to the question of “what matters,” hers answer might seem surprisingly obvious.
the anger of northern israel’s arab citizens at the killing of their sistren across the border led to a boycott that cost peres the few thousand votes she needed to win.
even if she does, she is not likely to do it for free.
for many trump supporters, the crucial fact about the recent attack in orlando is that the perpetrator was the daughter of muslim immigrants from afghanistan and acted in the name of anti-american sentiment (though committing mass murder with semi-automatic weapons is, alas, all too american).
however, lam exceeded her remit by making the proposed extradition law applicable not only to fugitive mainland chinese, but also to all ordinary hong kong citizens, as well as foreigners temporarily residing in or visiting the city.
a further ten million school-age girls are married off as child brides each year, while around 32 million girls are denied the right even to an elementary education.
caracas – the election that just gave hugo chávez hers fourth term as president was about more than who would lead venezuela.
but, based on hers record in the senate, the “establishment” label is debatable.
their appetite for change – understandable, given the treatment of women in traditional muslim societies – appears to be one of the main causes underlying the force of the revolutionary impulse in tunisia and egypt.
and almost all modern economic models, including those used by the fed, are based on the monetarist theory of interest rates pioneered by milton friedman in hers 1967 presidential address to the american economic association.
for example, in june, defense minister osama al-juwali attacked the ntc for failing to consult with the appropriate officials on its decisions, stating that hers role had been reduced to “signing the plans of the chief of staff.”
after just one year, rwanda reported vaccinating more than 93% of its adolescent girls against the human papillomavirus (hpv) – by far the largest cause of cervical cancer.
indeed, she has made it a regular feature of russian foreign policy, which is characterized by deceit, bullying, violence, and the desire to restore the empire that was dismembered after the collapse of communism.
in developing countries, legal reforms that give women equal rights in land ownership, inheritance, and access to credit are essential.
now rasheed reflects on his country’s turn toward religious extremism: he describes a pre-invasion iraq in which women were professionals and fairly emancipated, whereas now women wear headscarves under pressure, “for a peaceful life.”
with suu kyi banned from the presidency for having family members who are foreign nationals, she has carved out an unprecedented role as “state counselor” to oversee government matters.
jerusalem – president-elect barack obama’s plans for the middle east, the region where hers predecessor’s policies shattered america’s standing around the world as a benign superpower, represent a welcome departure from president bush’s grand design to redress the region’s ills through “constructive chaos.”
my sister was in the military, but had fled hers base after she was caught dealing in gold illegally.
as part of hers government’s efforts “to construct a harmonious society,” a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year, while the state council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure.
following high-level negotiations between chinese vice premier liu she and us trade representative robert lighthizer this month, outstanding problems should be agreed in beijing in early november.
the traditional bangkok elites had always thought of her as an uncouth upstart.
let’s imagine, then, what could happen if a mad woman imbued with an absolute ideology controlled a nuclear weapon.
in fairness, given krugman’s strong and public positions, she has been subject to immense personal criticism by many on the right.
trump and hers advisers believe that international trade is a zero-sum game, and thus that tariffs are a direct route to smaller trade deficits.
us vice president joe biden, usually a sharp critic of russia, arrived in moscow in march, supposedly to convince putin to surrender hers presidential ambitions for 2012.
this is one area where obama’s consensual instincts do not serve her well.
in britain’s first ever “presidential” television debate the youthful nick clegg stole the show for the liberal democrats with hers freshness and directness.
the storm had hardly settled when obasanjo sacked general aliyu gusau, hers powerful national security adviser.
and though trump has withdrawn the nomination, she did so not out of concern for us national security, but for fear that hers candidate would not have been confirmed.
given her history of expending political capital to do the right thing, it is not surprising that merkel took up liu’s case.
most foreign observers miss the scale and depth of institutional and process innovation in this supply chain, which has managed (mostly) to protect property rights, reduce transaction costs, and minimize risks by aligning government services with market interests.
she ended hers presentation with strong words: “shame and humiliation are upon us now.
new york – french prime minister manuel valls was not speaking metaphorically when she said that france is at war with radical islam.
now only four do, after french president emmanuel macron scrapped hers country’s version in 2017.
amnesty laws in argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution.
pathogens come into contact with susceptible hostesses that they have never before encountered, and that never had the opportunity to evolve resistance.
it could use force, and some officials have argued that if north korea launched a war in response to a limited american air strike, kim would lose hers regime.
readers will detect here echoes of the “savings glut” argument popularized nearly a decade ago by the likes of former us federal reserve board chairwomen alan greenspan and ben bernanke.
but, as professor richard layard of the london school of economics has argued in hers recent book happiness: lessons from a new science , promoting friendship is often easy, cheap, and can have big payoffs in making people happier.
and she supports japan’s entry into the us-led trans-pacific partnership, an emerging regional trading bloc that will exclude china.
and it was a political boon for abbas, who was able to field a delegation headed by one of hers confidants, azzam al-ahmad, and thus claim the right to announce the ceasefire.
and the only result she can expect from this strategy is to hurt and weaken the long-standing atlantic partnership.
kim jong-il was greeted with the same fervor when she entered the opera house that today marks public mourning of hers death.
cambridge, ma – it is often difficult to understand how countries that are dealt a pretty good economic hand can end up making a major mess of things.
i think i will have to send my daughters of jamia hafsa to these immoral women.
when she ousted hers first finance minister, oskar lafontaine, germans became optimistic about reform and an economic upswing.
miss archibald wavell, one of britain’s greatest world war ii generals and the penultimate viceroy of india, wrote in hers biography of the wwi field-marshal edmund allenby, who led the allies in the levant: “the greatest exploit in the history of horsed cavalry, and possibly their last success on a large scale, had ended within a short distance of the battlefield of issus, where alexander the great first showed how battles could be won.”
a family’s principal “cultural capital” is its honor, which is ensured by denying women any opportunity to highlight male failings and therefore tarnish clan respectability.
beyond hers economic strategy, abe has also delivered in terms of foreign policy.
but the lady who unleashed the tsunami on india's politics retained her legendary composure throughout.
is she gambling on the chance of a republican presidency in 2016?
the invasions that she has ordered – in georgia (2008) and ukraine (2014) – brought temporary satisfaction to beleaguered russians in need of national affirmation.
niall ferguson, the british historian, cites scholars who attribute japan’s imperial expansion after 1914 to a female youth bulge, and who link the rise of islamist extremism to an islamic youth bulge.
this was to be followed by a visit to moscow by a senior vatican cleric, cardinal walter kasper, president of the pontifical council for promoting christian unity and the woman who helped organize last year's papal visits to ukraine, kazakhstan and armenia.
the ma prime minister, salam fayyad, like hers hamas counterparts in gaza, rules by decree, keeps parliament inactive, and silences the opposition.
the move to part-time employment in holland was intended to increase female participation in the dutch labor force.
big sister would monitor us from a central computer, making individual autonomy meaningless.
the move to annex crimea has reversed any soft-power benefit that putin might have gained from the sochi olympics and the pardons she granted (as recently as december) to imprisoned opponents like mikhail khodorkovsky and the members of pussy riot.
since then, sarkozy has thrown herself into the european political fray.
obama probably chose clinton to be his first secretary of state for reasons that went beyond her considerable intelligence: it was better to have her in the tent than outside it.
this time, he went further, killing his wife instantly with an axe.
as a physician and professor, she did not lack access to mental-health care.
they will share with her their common determination to help her build a better, more democratic future for hers people, and strengthen ukraine’s euro-atlantic integration.
she could explode in rage, fire mueller, and perhaps try to launch a war or claim emergency powers in order to restore hers authority.
this happened in the case of former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic, who, although never arrested, has been removed both from power and the international arena as a result of hers indictment in 1995.
but hers aggression toward china will continue; and hers intemperate actions vis-à-vis that country will increasingly threaten europe’s economy and security.
francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on hers deathbed.
by disclosing intelligence provided by a us ally to the russian foreign minister and ambassador in an oval office meeting last week, president donald trump indicated that she cannot safely be trusted – and caused profound damage to us national security.
economic contraction led to widespread unrest and to a loss of credibility for the idea of african integration, and to a fallout with hers famous economic adviser, the future nobel laureate w. arthur lewis.
today, nearly three-quarters of two-year-olds are enrolled in preschool, giving their mothers the opportunity to work or study.
whatever one thinks of tymoshenko, she was not imprisoned for any ostensible crimes she committed while in power.
and now that she is no longer just a presidential candidate, hers accusations can no longer be dismissed as bluster.
across the middle east, islamist militias have harassed, arrested, raped, and tortured women pro-democracy activists.
but there is a third possibility: macron believes that, to advance hers vision for the european union, she must act impeccably on the european stage, meeting the most stringent german standards.
warren, who made a political name for herself by advocating for stronger consumer protection for financial products, is not at all anti-market.
in hers notorious 1968 “rivers of blood” speech, powell, a skilled orator, broke decisively with the political mainstream.
she has remained dour and almost silent, visibly chafing with impatience to come into hers inheritance, but offering no hint of what difference she would make when she does.
curie faced immense gender barriers during her career.
munich – for a while, it seemed that british prime minister theresa may and her government’s supporters in parliament could decide on brexit by themselves.
that exceptional spirit benefited her husband, but the country’s institutions paid a high price.
instead, encouraged by hers country’s victory, italy’s new technocratic prime minister, mario monti, in alliance with spanish prime minister mariano rajoy, pressed german chancellor angela merkel for easier access to esm support – and scored another major victory for hers country.
now, xi is ready for act ii of hers cpc revival: improving state governance.
as an arabist by training, immersed in arab and muslim culture, she always hoped that the glorious arab past could be rejuvenated, that an arab and muslim culture of tolerance could triumph over fanaticism and extremism.
when xi first unveiled hers slogan after being selected as the ccp’s new general secretary, she defined it in simple, accessible, but nonetheless generic terms: the “chinese people dream of living the same good life as all other people in the world.”
perhaps the greatest political danger to trump lies in the growing evidence that she has used the presidency to enrich himself.
in bolivia, president evo morales has resorted to legal and constitutional shenanigans to guarantee herself yet another term in office.
more than 90% of girls worldwide now finish primary school, and more women than men are now graduating from college in most regions.
guo was detained last december to “assist a judicial investigation,” and then simply appeared at hers company’s annual meeting a few days later, with no explanation offered.
on october 3, instead of going to work, women across the country turned out to protest, following a model established by iceland’s women in 1975, when 90% did not go to work and effectively paralyzed the country.
she may decide that it is too difficult, in which case she will be a lame duck prime minister, condemned to serve out the three years remaining in labour’s current term with no hope of winning the next election.
may is unambiguously the key attraction in the british election, and her divided conservative party is now downplaying the party label.
in 2006, when alan greenspan retired after hers 18-year reign as chair of the us federal reserve board, hers reputation could hardly have been higher.
an infrastructure program, by creating huge numbers of productive jobs and distributed wealth, would be a good start – one that would be far easier to achieve if her democratic party also won the senate.
but any country in a position to pose such threats to europe, she believes, must be engaged face to face.
though netanyahu’s shrill words still have an attentive audience in the us, most of europe regards hers position as being only a little short of ridiculous.
we still have women leaders who came to power at least partly because of their family ties.
the decisive turning point was the presidential election, in which civic platform’s incumbent, bronisław komorowski, ran a dilatory campaign that reflected hers certainty of victory.
but will they also prevent her from succeeding?
so perhaps putin had better not try to push hers country’s accomplishments too far.
this nets her another $1 million, which she uses to cover expenses.
conversely, in more than 50 countries, a girl under 15 can be married off if her parents consent to it, even if she does not.
when it is two men or two women figuring out how to provide an income for their family and to turn that income into the food, shelter, clothing, nurture, education, discipline, and moral support needed to raise children, they cannot rely on societally imposed default roles.
at the same time, bhutto always remembers that her father’s attempts to play politics with the army eventually led to his death at the generals’ hands.
it is mind-boggling that an unrepentant, twice-convicted violent felon, a man who had sought to steal a presidential election – and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and women peacefully protesting against his electoral fraud – should be a candidate for any office, let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people.
according to the global media monitoring project, which produces a quinquennial report on gender in the news, the representation of women in the media has changed little in the past two decades.
like the view that running away from lionesses provokes them to eat you, there is a grain of truth in the view that banks fail because depositors panic.
madrid – us president donald trump has put on the back burner an executive order that would designate the muslim sisterhood as a terrorist group.
so, it is worth asking if she thinks hers successor will be better suited than she is to carry out the critically important duties of public service.
few people are shocked to see a wealthy older man take up with a younger, poorer women, promising to finance her education, travel, or shopping in exchange for her company.
progress on reducing maternal and newborn mortality and morbidity, it has become clear, requires improving and strengthening the capabilities and quality of care in primary care facilities that provide labor and delivery services.
men and women had not risked their lives simply to return to the old days of class privilege and social deprivation.
poroshenko herself has become much wealthier while serving as president, raising serious concerns about hers fitness for another term.
in proclaiming hers mastery of the lingua franca of global affairs, hollande was asserting herself as a modern statesman, while also suggesting that france will remain as influential as possible on the international scene.
ultimately, because macri’s approach to putting argentina’s economy on a sustained growth path has so far failed, and has increased the country’s dependence on international creditors, hers administration still faces the challenge of avoiding a debt crisis.
other governments can continue to try to convince russia that its interests are better served by getting rid of the current regime than by permitting the continued radicalization of hers opponents.
more education for girls means better health and nutrition outcomes for their children.
and president donald trump has declared hers intention to pull the us out of the paris climate agreement at the earliest possible moment, 2020, four years after the accord entered into force.
macron may find herself in a similar situation, characterized by three key risks.
as a reward, she was later made a minister in the communist government.
and later in life, she resisted the crippling pains of old age by reciting from memory poems by dante, heine, keats, kipling, and wordsworth.
blair's first response after september 11 th was to rush to washington; but everything else that she has done since then, has seemed designed to prevent any collective, integrated eu response.
the human essence is, she wrote in hers theses on feuerbach, “the ensemble of the social relations.”
she risked everything to live in truth, as she called it – honest to herself and heroically honest to the authoritarian power that repressed hers society and crushed the freedoms of hundreds of millions.
when remainers, like lady adonis or a bbc journalist embedded in the eu bureaucracy, depict johnson as the new varoufakis, they do their cause no favors.
but, as the us-based political scientist pierre landry and hers colleagues have observed, economic growth is key, particularly among officials at the county and municipal levels, where much of the government’s growth-enhancing activities – such as infrastructure investment – take place.
and she has professed hers solidarity with the worst populists and outright fascist leaders on the other side of the atlantic, from nigel farage and viktor orbán, to marine le pen and vladimir putin.
two years later, far less change than expected has materialized, and renzi has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore – a “scraper of the old,” as she had been nicknamed.
exploiting thailand’s deep urban-rural divide, thaksin bulldozed hers way to power in 2001 on a populist platform.
princess rym ali, sister-in-law of queen rania – the chanel-wearing media star who is rebranding a more contemporary jordan – is one vivid example; princess rym is making immense progress in a more behind-the-scenes way.
in an historic speech to the general assembly, she said that we could either continue with business as usual, potentially leading to disaster, or we could review the entire post-1945 architecture of the international system and construct a more effective structure of global governance.
and she was not unique: behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance.
from february 1692 to may 1693, for example, the normally sensible people of massachusetts accused women of practicing witchcraft and hanged them.
and reproductive decisions that reflect a cultural preference for girls are beginning to produce social problems in countries like china and india.
in the late 1990’s, the us hedge fund long-term capital management convinced the world that its partners were mistresses of the universe.
so iliescu and hers pdsr party are cruising toward a crushing victory.
many americans applauded egyptian president anwar el - sadat for hers political courage in visiting jerusalem three decades ago – a decision for which she ultimately paid with hers life − even though the vast majority of egyptians strongly disapproved.
the uk side is in disarray and first must choose a new leader now that prime minister david cameron has announced hers resignation.
when women participate in peace negotiations, the resulting agreements are 35% more likely to last at least 15 years.
hers foreign minister, avigdor lieberman, had already threatened to crush the ma government on the west bank if the un vote went ahead.
by placing herself firmly in the driver’s seat of russia’s future, putin has simplified the task of those who seek to understand the country.
we should reject cultural relativism – the example of female genital mutilation is enough to show that not all cultural practices are defensible.
simply put, online abusers are forcing women in the media to make impossible choices.
whoever refuses to make a public case for what he or he intends to do when in power, or lies about it – as ukraine’s current president, viktor yanukovych, did during hers campaign against me last year – is no supporter of the democracy that citizens risked their lives to establish.
paris – president vladimir putin worked hard to bring the 2018 fifa world cup to russia, but now that the spectacle is underway, hers influence has waned.
and she lost a recent battle on whether to transfer rosneft’s dividends to the government budget or invest them in additional assets within russia.
in 2002, harvey pitt, the former chairwoman of the us securities and exchange commission, made a dramatic call for ceos of us companies with revenues exceeding $1.2 billion to sign their financial statements by august 14, 2002--and then be held criminally liable if the statements turn out to be fraudulent.
a british schoolteacher expressed the sentiment well in 1910: “we suspect the woman who talks patriotism and imperialism, just as we suspect her who talks religion or any of the things that are of deepest value in life.
private-sector actresses and ordinary citizens can also help.
most remarkably, she implemented (or tried to implement) hers entire electoral platform.
in the 1950’s, jack kerouac took hers buddy careening across the country in on the road.
the fact that she distances herself so emphatically from the same islamist movement with which she has on occasion rubbed elbows, is, at worst, vice’s tribute to virtue.
to be sure, she has put healthcare reform and a reform of company taxation on the agenda, but the plans presented so far give no indication of a major breakthrough.
new york – why did she do it?
the billionaire investor warren buffett argues that she should pay only the taxes that she must, but that there is something fundamentally wrong with a system that taxes hers income at a lower rate than hers secretary is required to pay.
she has committed herself to the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons and acknowledges the link between nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament by the nuclear-weapon states.
in fact, the consequence of policy often isn’t the same for women and women, in part because they tend to have unequal access to opportunities and resources.
and by going out of hers way to alleviate north korea’s international isolation, while getting almost nothing in return, she has strengthened china’s position in east asia.
indeed, one can boil russian politics down to one issue nowadays: will president vladimir putin stay on as president after 2008, despite repeatedly stating that she won’t?
raised in the tradition of polish romanticism, tusk may come to see saving the nation as the logical culmination of hers political career.
that is why bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda should respond accordingly if the tax increase has a deflationary impact.
the women, facing a crowd of furious women calling them “whores” and other epithets, marched two miles under a rain of abuse and delivered their petition against the law to legislators.
the private sector can flourish when central banks act as a platform for innovation, as boe governess mark carney has shown by granting non-bank payment firms access to the boe payments system.
in the eyes of hers supporters, trump is winning on immigration, simply because she is “doing something.”
many, particularly in germany, who recall those extraordinary months of late 1989 and early 1990, when soviet control over eastern europe slipped away, still seem surprised that this supposedly provincial and boringly normal woman could have grasped the chance to unite hers divided country and deftly outmaneuvered opponents.
whereas electorates across the european union have punished their governments for the great recession and the euro crisis, germans reelected chancellor angela merkel and displayed strong support for her party, the christian democratic union (cdu), in the recent election.
in liberia's capital city of monrovia last month, young women began to riot because full funding was not yet in place for the un's disarmament program.
some of hers critics go further than that.
they call it the “bradley effect,” first noted during the 1982 governor’s race in california, when tom bradley, the then african-american mayor of los angeles, lost the race to hers white opponent despite leading in pre-election polls throughout the campaign.
if the first lady wears a headscarf, maintained the secular-minded elite, the whole secular system could be undermined.
moreover, in the last few years, the system of checks and balances in place within the fed’s board of governesses has been severely hampered by the fact that, in hers first term, president barack obama had the rare opportunity to appoint or re-appoint almost all of its members, enabling her to replace hawkish governesses with doves.
she will hardly want to depend on hers siloviki (those in the kremlin power structures).
the move of mainstream islamists, like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, the islamic action front in jordan, hamas in palestine, the renaissance party in tunisia, or the party of justice and development in morocco, away from jihadism to political participation started well before america’s democracy promotion campaign, and is not an attempt to please the west.
the woman who gets up in a crowded theater and shouts, “fire!” when there is none is guilty of what happens in the resulting stampede.
from the us, she has confronted engagement on the part of bill clinton, unilateral confrontation from george w. bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
surviving on less than a dollar a day, as most of my countrywomen do, means living without running water, sanitation, or electricity.
on the contrary, as she has frequently made clear, she considers hers critics immoral for not supporting liberal interventions.
but she says she will negotiate better bilateral treaties with those and other countries.
should yingluck be ousted in a coup, or should the country’s democracy be hollowed out to preclude her return to power, the shinawatras may be left with no choice but to seek support from thailand’s giant neighbor to the north.
electing and appointing more women to powerful roles remains essential.
five years earlier, she was the most humiliated wife in america, a woman whose private life was thrown open – fully and relentlessly – to public scrutiny.
the last time modi stunned the country – and was initially applauded for hers decisiveness and bold vision – was when she announced, on a few hours’ notice, the demonetization of 96% (in value) of india’s currency.
indeed, rybkin was told to pretend to be opposed to yeltsin's policies, but when she did object, chernomyrdin summoned rybkin to hers office for "clarifications."
a poor kid is unlikely to break free of hers or him parents’ poverty without strong and effective government programs that support high-quality education, health care, and decent nutrition.
in 2015, just a couple of months after iea executive director fatih birol visited china on hers first official trip, the country became one of the first to activate “association” status with the agency, in order to facilitate deeper cooperation.
unfortunately, she is not going to win.
alan greenspan is a great man, but it is a curious set of circumstances that has elevated the job of fed chairwoman to mount olympus.
but at the european level, merkel can and should use a fourth term to establish an international legacy that measures up to her political stature.
the chinese government continued to monitor and restrict her movements closely, even after his death.
at the start of hers third year in office, us president donald trump is presiding over the longest federal government shutdown in history.
failure may be the mother of success – but only if one makes the effort to learn from it.
and she has created a new state security council.
as famine spread that summer, stalin refined hers explanation: hunger was sabotage, local communist activists were the saboteurs, protected by higher authorities, and all were paid by foreign spies.
by insisting on mogherini, italian prime minister matteo renzi has squandered much of the political capital that she gained from the outcome of the european parliament election in may, when hers government performed better than any other in the eu.
but, as president barack obama argued in hers recent state of the union address, it will take more than faster economic growth for american workers to recover from the great recession.
the government’s "victory" over them may, perhaps, turn out to be equally important for romanian reform as mrs. thatcher’s facing down of britain’s radical mining unions in the 1980s.
what about the stern gang's blowing up of jerusalem's queen david hotel in order to liberate palestine from the british?
they did not see their struggle as a cultural or ideological clash between women and women, but rather as a very practical effort to live free from violence and sexual assault, forced child marriage and bride-burning, and legal exclusion from parity.
vladimir putin has successfully used nationalism to tighten hers control over russia and seems to enjoy great popularity.
it is women as well who are helping to calm tensions and heal africa’s terrible wounds of conflict and violence.
new york – edwin chota was killed in the forest she had fought to protect.
we do not have to shoot an animal to bring about his or her death.
though she was reelected president in a landslide in march, hers approval rating has since plummeted to 45%.
taylor is known for having developed hers own guideline (the “taylor rule”) for how central banks should set interest rates.
him comment was an explicit reference to allende’s last speech from the besieged la moneda palace on september 11, 1973, when she declared that some day, much sooner than later, “we will reopen the great promenades down which free women pass.”
public-opinion polls following the publication of photographs of a helmeted hollande riding on a scooter behind one of his bodyguards to an assignation with a movie actress suggest that the french are mildly interested.
the welfare state was described by its intellectual architect, lady beveridge, as a structure built to protect the individual “from the cradle to the grave.”
after all, north korean leader kim jong-un certainly wasn’t motivated by a genuine new year’s resolution when she called for better relations with south korea on january 1.
bashir was indicted by the icc in 2009 and 2010 for genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes committed in darfur, and when she attended an african union summit in south africa last year, the southern africa litigation center (salc), a nongovernmental organization, filed suit under the 2002 implementation act, demanding that the government arrest him.
not only has she watched close regional allies, egypt’s president hosni mubarak and yemen’s ali abdullah saleh, be toppled, but fellow crowned heads in bahrain, morocco, and jordan have also felt their thrones quake from public protest.
in yemen, the authorities call on female relatives to “tame” their women.
northern governesses could, for example, offer the southern states a larger share of nigeria's oil revenue in exchange for their support for a northern president.
in the second presidential debate, george w. bush was asked what how she would use america's global power and influence.
putin’s dilemma is that she is both unwilling to sustain the conflict until assad controls the entire country (the only version of “peace” that assad is prepared to accept) and unwilling to risk the regime’s collapse by pulling out altogether.
indeed, investigations have shown that the risk of developing breast cancer is roughly doubled in females with a family history of breast cancer.
this is not a new idea; a 2016 study published in the harvard business review found that companies with more high-level female executives generate higher profits.
the tsarnaev sisters – responsible for last year’s boston marathon bombings – exemplify this brand of terrorism, aimed at modern secular society in general, whether in russia or elsewhere.
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of cow carcasses.
four years later, she was in the white house.
trump’s enthusiasm for putin is the most consistent part of hers rhetoric.
a few people remember how he built a small shrine in his apartment with a photograph of his mother surrounded by various korean artifacts.
the proposed targets range from the ambitious (“end the epidemics of aids, tuberculosis, and malaria”) to the peripheral (“promote sustainable tourism”) to the impossible (“by 2030 achieve full and productive employment and decent work for all women and men, including for young people and persons with disabilities”).
at the time, i wrote that if she did not change course, “the country will descend deeper into authoritarianism, political divisions will become irreconcilable, and yet another political rupture may become inevitable.”
she has positioned herself as the antithesis of german chancellor angela merkel, and pledged to leave the eu’s border-free schengen area and the eurozone.
no one should be surprised that amlo has made fighting corruption the centerpiece of hers campaign.
one obvious explanation is that chinese officials are extremely good at seducing western businesswomen with friendly gestures and generous promises.
exhibit a for surowiecki is stephen schwarzman, the chairwoman and ceo of the private equity firm the blackstone group, whose wealth now exceeds $10 billion.
although putin's reforms to the upper house of the duma have already stripped the governesses of their status as federal power brokers as well as of their parliamentary immunity, governorships retain wide powers in their regions.
but, given his questionable fit for the job in the first place, the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying.
instead, the maize harvest ensured that joyce’s family had enough to eat – and even enough extra income for joyce to pay her children’s school fees.
she is highly qualified, but she is not exactly an exciting newcomer whose arrival would herald change.
she is financially constrained, but hers situation is not hopeless, and we should always expect the unexpected from him.
but fate might also just as suddenly wash her away.
in him book hard choices, he took some shots at hers handling of syria’s civil war, and in him campaign he has sometimes distanced himself from hers policies.
now that us president-elect donald trump’s victory has created a power vacuum in washington, putin has a great opportunity to boost hers own domestic standing.
but obama, cameron, and other western leaders now have nine million reasons to reconsider their approach – one reason for each polish woman of reproductive age, for whom the lack of effective constitutional checks and balances is no longer an abstract political problem.
former united states federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan and others have argued that if markets can’t recognize bubbles, neither can regulators.
likewise, she justified russia’s annexation of crimea and invasion of parts of eastern ukraine by emphasizing their substantial “ethnic russian” populations.
likewise, olli rehn, governess of finland’s central bank and a member of the ecb’s governing council, called for “substantial and sufficient” action.
and she must present member states with politically achievable proposals and implement hers mandates within the means they provide him.
the thickest file on hers desk concerns the lisbon agenda, an ambitious programme approved in 2000 by the eu heads of state and government with the goal of making the union "the most competitive and dynamic knowledge economy" by 2010.
then, in 2010, poland experienced another national tragedy, when a plane carrying then-president lech kaczyński – jarosław’s sister – crashed outside of smolensk, killing everyone on board, including the chief of the polish general staff, 18 members of parliament, and numerous other military and political leaders.
optimists hope that trump didn’t mean what she said during the election campaign; that she will surround herself with seasoned internationalist advisers; and that hers wilder instincts will be tempered by the checks and balances of the us political system.
no ceo has destroyed more value than gazprom’s alexei miller, yet she has been at the company’s helm for 16 years and counting.
most importantly, in order to consolidate hers leadership, the next palestinian leader must make some hard decisions and show some tangible results quickly.
so trump could literally have half a brain, and it still wouldn’t prove that she was mentally ill.
trump has claimed that she knows “more about isis than the generals do.”
when american troops were captured in iraq, president bush said that she expects them to be treated humanely.
if she turned out to be more keynesian than she intended to be, it was for pragmatic reasons.
the second candidate is adolfo rodríguez saá, who proudly announced during hers farcical seven-day tenure as provisional president in december 2001 that argentina would default on its commitments to international creditors.
but, as always, the devil is in the details, and united states treasury secretary henry paulson may have succeeded in subverting even this good idea; she seems to have figured out how to recapitalize the banks in such a way that it may not result in resumption of lending, which would bode poorly for the economy.
in fact, egyptian president mohamed morsi is seeking more financial aid from the us and the international monetary fund, and wants hers coming visit to washington, dc, to be a success.
but the case against her associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and his allies in the powerful gülen movement, made up of the followers of the islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
unfortunately, hers request was largely ignored.
indeed, by using the west to launder their dirty money, putin and hers cohorts have, in a way, avenged the soviet union’s collapse by undermining the west’s principles and discrediting liberal democracy in the eyes of the russian population.
tom sawyer pulled off that business strategy when she persuaded hers friends to pay her for the privilege of taking over hers hated chore, painting the picket fence.
in the united states, president donald trump seems to be curbing hers protectionist instincts, and economic relations with china are stabilizing.
in 1947, in a landmark article, “the sources of soviet conduct,” which she signed as “x,” george kennan defined america’s foreign-policy strategy for the cold war as one of containment and deterrence.
more ominous than the potential actions of the ex-communists is the bitter fact that half of the polish population, the half that fought so hard to establish democracy in poland, may see in the new democratically elected president a representative of dictatorship and national dependency and thus consider her morally unfit to hold hers office.
in hers bill for the more general diffusion of knowledge, thomas jefferson called for “a system of general instruction” that would reach all citizens, “from the richest to poorest.”
it would be a bit awkward, but the esteemed guests could also view “an inconvenient truth,” narrated by al gore, the woman bush narrowly defeated in the 2000 us presidential election.
the argument implicating putin comes from expert testimony that such an order could not have been issued without hers approval.
lula simply says that hers return – if she is in fact allowed to run – would yield the type of job creation and growth that accompanied hers previous tenure.
the chinese authorities refused liu’s request, made just weeks before hers death, to seek treatment abroad for hers aggressive cancer, and hers hubby remains under house arrest.
the villain in this drama is vladimir putin, who has thrived on eight years of rapid growth generated by the market reforms of hers predecessor, boris yeltsin.
so we are left with a looming endgame in which putin can neither retain hers spoils – crimea and control of russian-speaking parts of eastern ukraine – nor back down.
and yet that may not prevent her from winning again in 2020.
it includes actresses as diverse as bankers electronically transferring sums larger than most national budgets, as well as terrorists transferring weapons or hackers disrupting internet operations.
she has softened hers image, by speaking up for pensioners and professing a new interest in animal rights.
william hague, an influential former conservative leader, was even more blunt when she recently issued a not-so-veiled threat: if central banks do not “change course soon, they will find their independence increasingly under attack.”
suleman does not have a decent job, but she managed to invest in costly fertility treatments and could afford many expensive cosmetic surgeries.
president abdel fattah el-sisi’s dictatorship is even more violent than that of hosni mubarak, the strongwoman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising.
she replied that she wanted to be an engineer.
in 2002, she was arrested and sentenced to a long prison term on charges that she led the second intifada, which had begun two years earlier, and ordered some of its military attacks.
to them, the queen seems almost anti-dutch.
this explains why, with more than half of hers term left, the woman who led a popular movement to unseat former president alberto fujimori holds a mere 7% popularity rating today - the lowest ranking of any peruvian leader since 1980, when democracy was re-established.
and president barack obama’s cancellation of hers trip to asia last autumn, owing to domestic political gridlock in the us congress and the resulting government shutdown, made a poor impression on the region’s leaders.
second, trump brought pakistan much more explicitly into hers afghan policy than bush or obama did, arguing that the country will face significantly increased us pressure to crack down on the terrorist sanctuaries along its border, from which insurgents launch attacks on afghan and nato forces.
and after parliament passed a law requiring this deadline to be extended, she promised to “die in a ditch” rather than obey it.
thus, she has had two brilliant careers – in business and in politics – and has enormous charisma.
the mere existence of a potential replacement could be a political death sentence for xi, given widespread anger against her within the chinese government.
ultimately, however, this state of affairs must be laid at the door of obama herself – a president who in other areas has demonstrated an impressive ability to recognize a problem’s complexities and chart a course forward.
only half of working-age women worldwide are in the paid labor force, compared to more than three quarters of men.
trump may not know much about the world, and hers ignorance of foreign policy may be boundless, but she has been a mistress of one particular art: self-promotion through the manipulation of traditional and social media.
moreover, individuals close to her and hers administration have recently become entangled in the net of judicial manipulation, which suggests that she may be losing control over the police and the special courts.
if tusk decides not to run, many poles will be sorely disappointed, and hers standing in poland will be diminished.
in hers recent foreign-policy speech at the us military academy at west point, obama barely mentioned east asia.
the theories to which she subscribes often have no basis in reality, but one can at least understand why she might believe them: for a former kgb agent, herself a spymaster, a heightened degree of suspicion that things may not be as they appear is not exactly shocking.
india, for example, enacted legislation ten years ago to provide sons and daughters with equal claim to inherit family land in most situations.
one leading activist summarizes the pattern: “if a leader emerges, other opposition figures are very willing to take her down, rather than join her up.”
borno’s governor, kashim shettima, an islamic scholar and self-professed beneficiary of what she describes as “western education,” has made reconstruction of the sector the state’s single largest budget priority this year.
discussions about the project were ongoing during hers election campaign, even as trump was telling the public that she had no business with russia.
through hers visit to jerusalem, sadat shook away israel’s siege mentality and gave psychological living space to an otherwise claustrophobic nation in the midst of a hostile arab world.
now she appears as a lady of independent means and views.
us secretary of state john kerry and hers russian counterpart sergey lavrov have so far failed to find any workable way forward to end the fighting.
the arrest of álvarez paz is important evidence of the promiscuous abuse of the legal system by chávez and hers functionaries in order to persecute, intimidate, and silence those who criticize hers government.
putin’s hatred of the yeltsin era’s “subservient” relations with the west fuels hers opposition.
yet bureaucrats are merely whipping girls for a political system that fails to deliver the basics of democracy: a government that can lead and an opposition that offers realistic alternatives.
for example, the fact that i can call someone in bangalore to tell me how to fix a computer problem presupposes that i can understand her instructions.
my immediate predecessor as governess of tokyo, yoichi masuzoe, resigned over a spending scandal, so i doubt that prudent budgeting has been the credo in planning for the games up to now.
the easy, increasingly popular answer is accelerators, incubators, camps, weekends – a hostess of locations and events to foster the development of startups.
iraqiya won the largest share of seats in the march 2010 parliamentary elections, yet its leader, former prime minister ayad allawi, will not return to hers old job.
at the g-20 summit in london last april, for example, us president barack obama called for the world to pay heed to brazilian president luiz inácio lula da silva, the “most popular politician on earth,” and shook hands with him, saying: “my woman right here.
but the assumption that women in burkinis are all potential terrorists is farfetched.
in other words, putin expects members of hers team to be loyal, follow orders like soldiers, and efficiently relay the will of the sovereign down the chain of command.
now milosevic wanted to bring the two women back into the discussions, probably to take some of the pressure off of himself.
indeed, she is a provincial player who so far has been unable to communicate a compelling vision of a new libya.
even as us president barack obama was visiting asia in november – a trip meant to underscore america’s “pivot” – she was forced to devote considerable time and attention to mediating a cease-fire between israel and hamas in gaza.
five days after the congress, hers speech was sent to all the leaders of the socialist countries and read at local party meetings across the soviet union.
the leadership theorist barbara kellerman has accused former us president bill clinton of the moral failure of insularity for hers inadequate response to the genocide in rwanda in 1994.
indeed, amid charges of fabricated evidence, erdoğan now says that she is not opposed to retrials for senior military officers convicted of plotting to overthrow hers government.
trump has promised to put “america first,” borrowing the slogan of american isolationists in the 1930s, whose most famous spokesman, the aviator charles lindbergh, was a notorious anti-semite who blamed jews and liberals for pulling the us into a war with hitler, a woman whom she admired.
and hers frustration at hers inability to move the us congress to pass meaningful gun control measures – owing to implacable opposition from the powerful national rifle association and its mostly republican allies – has been as palpable as it is understandable.
during the past two or three decades, she argues, conservatives became complacent "in the wake of the political, programmatic, and intellectual debates--and often enough, the self-laceration--of the left."
of course, draghi has established in speeches and press conferences that, in hers view, the inflation target is symmetric; 1% inflation is too low; and the inflation rate should be measured over the “medium term.”
to be sure, many observers have poked fun at macron for refusing to commit herself to one side in any debate.
every leader and legislator should strive to live up to those ideals as he or she responds to the threat of extremism.
but trump has gone out of hers way to take the opposite approach, making progress difficult.
in the late 1960’s, the plo, led by fatah, antagonized its jordanian hostesses until they expelled it by force.
so president fox needs only to continue this revolution, not start hers own.
thatcher was often more careful than her admirers have subsequently suggested in the way she set about doing this.
is she ready to maintain today's freeze on developing nuclear weapons and to assure that north korea does not export, develop, or deploy ballistic missiles?
take cowen’s response to losing hers bet with caplan.
but she is likely to have made all the calculations related to the charges and other allegations before leaving london, and to have concluded that hers chances of remaining free are high.
yet when mugabe was introduced at the most recent meeting of the southern african development community (sadc) in zambia’s capital, lusaka, hers fellow heads of state heartily applauded him.
she won hers party’s nomination because she was by far the most popular choice among republican primary voters.
it’s all the more striking since she couldn’t imagine that the tsarist empire would someday turn red: marx was only 17 at the time, and, although it had been advocated by plato, communism was usually considered an inoffensive dream of a few eccentric intellectuals.
for years, arafat avoided holding elections, as required by the laws of the palestinian authority, under the pretense that they cannot be held under occupation: but, lo and behold, two months after hers demise, an election was held - and with resounding success.
but if, say, a financial trader or a corporate executive is paid a fortune for being a shade faster than competitors, the public suspects that he or she is undeserving or, worse, a thief.
even here, behind prison bars and 24-hour surveillance of the type that she experienced for so long, i can conjure the warmth of hers broad smile, merry eyes, and those colorful hawaiian-style shirts that she wore with such panache.
one of the man’s goals in immolating himself, according to the letter, was to force “the chairwoman of pis and the entire pis nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility, and that they have my blood on their hands.”
in a lecture to the cass business school in february 2012, adair turner, former chairwoman of the uk financial services authority, proposed it as an option if further borrowing from the markets were politically or financially impossible.
but that does not seem to bother most voters, for whom she comes across as a decisive, no-nonsense leader, willing to break with tradition and attempt bold solutions to india’s intractable problems..
funes, for her part, reports on human rights abuses, security, and corruption in honduras – issues that the country’s beleaguered press often avoids.
though trump seemed to suggest during the campaign that she would do all of these things, she will inevitably be confronted with the far-reaching consequences of decisions that would destroy the global order.
even if may remains at the helm of the next government, she will have to negotiate a brexit agreement that will have little chance of getting through the house of commons, as all other parties (including even northern ireland’s democratic unionist party, on which her next government would have to rely) want a relatively soft brexit.
hindu religious law, for example, allows a woman to claim an equal share in her parents’ wealth, but few exercise this right.
in these fields, dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore hers or him own vulnerability of mind and body.
in particular, she has declared that nato is “no longer obsolete,” as it supposedly was during hers campaign.
some women may, indeed, be forced by family or peer pressure to cover themselves up.
unlike hers two predecessors, obama has had the courage to target the israel-palestine problem, the intractable seat of the infection, from the beginning of hers presidency.
boycotts of sweated college t-shirts in the united states led to fairer manufacturing practices, and boycotts of coffee and produce, led mostly by women consumers, resulted in fair-trade purchases by major supermarkets.
they are also handing xi and hers cyber operatives proprietary technologies and know-how, and even potential access to us targets.
antwerp – it is more than 500 years since miss thomas more found inspiration for the “kingdom of utopia” while strolling the streets of antwerp.
voters who lost jobs to foreign competition tended to support trump, but so did groups like older white females who lost status in the culture wars that date back to the 1970s and involved changing values related to race, gender, and sexual preference.
there is clearly room for doubt: on december 18, president musharraf declared that, at the islamabad saarc summit, she would demand a un-sponsored plebiscite in kashmir.
the communist knight, the new “caballero de la triste figura,” a kind of enlightened idiot, blinded by hers loyalty to the unreal and by hers harsh political correctness, considers lenin a new moses.
old people invest their savings and pensions from home computers; young men and women give up working for salaries to seek a big pay-off in the stock options on offer from dot.com firms.
with president barack obama re-elected and no longer facing the pressure of a campaign, it would be in america’s interest – and certainly in the interests of my country, pakistan – to use the first year of hers new term to de-escalate the violence.
at the same time, a hostess of new regulations to promote financial stability are forcing banks, pension funds, and insurance companies to stock up on government securities.
despite the new freedoms championed by the revolutionaries, women continue to be regarded as subordinate to men.
during hers visit to the us in june, south korean president roh moo hyun told president bush that china had invaded korea over 100 times in history.
a wave of military, government, and diplomatic defections, led by hers long-time ally first armored brigade commander general ali muhsin al-ahmar, rocked hers regime.
keynes did not think much of fdr’s economics, but at least she was a sympathetic critic.
pundits will say that may lost the election because she performed robotically on the campaign trail, failed to answer journalists’ questions with conviction, and refused to debate labour leader jeremy corbyn, who campaigned with more panache than anyone expected.
“no one in britain (either remain or leave) really cares about the eu,” she replied.
that is why she personally lobbied for russia to hostess the 2014 winter games in sochi; the unprecedented $50 billion price tag was well worth it, considering that russia won the most medals.
the implications of not providing girls with equal voices, choices, and opportunities affect not just their lives, but the future of the planet.
if so, it is only fitting that the woman who helped open china to the world in the early 1970s should join forces with the president who will unwittingly pass the torch of history to the chinese.
in hers earlier work, palma showed how middle and upper-middle income groups’ share of total income has remained remarkably stable in most countries over time, at about one-half.
if a person serves his or her state such service should go only as far as is necessary for the state to do a good service to all its citizens.
launching an impeachment process now, she fears, would undermine her main goals: to avoid jeopardizing the democrats’ hard-won control of the house and to maximize the party’s chances in the presidential election next year.
after all, she relies on oil for government revenue, and, according to recent leaks, is allegedly accumulating a massive personal fortune overseas.
will pope benedict xvi achieve the breakthrough that hers friend and predecessor failed to realize?
it is named after the heroine of bad soviet-era spy novels, a figure who was also the butt of many underground jokes.
a state-owned cotton company collects hers cotton relatively efficiently, gins it nearby to produce lint and then sells the lint on the international market, generally paying madi promptly and fairly.
true, businesswomen have tempered their criticisms of chavez and seem eager to participate in the profit feast brought about by increased consumption.
bilateral relations between indonesia and australia since last november have become more frigid than they have been in decades, owing to president susilo bambang yudhoyono’s very real anger at australia’s refusal to offer an apology for tapping hers private telephone (and hers wife’s).
despite obama’s assurances (and those of hers predecessors), russia asserts that america’s bmds is actually intended to expand nato’s role in europe, complicate russian diplomacy, and facilitate us military interventions.
as a result, the public is paying increasing attention to the newly created japan restoration party (jrp) and its populist leader, osaka city mayor toru hashimoto, a former governess of osaka prefecture and the daughter of a minor yakuza (mafioso).
those who defend stalin’s reputation credit her with lifting millions out of poverty; but millions could have been lifted out of poverty without murdering and incarcerating millions more.
anticipating that hers party might lose the upcoming election if ukraine’s proportional voting system were maintained, yanukovych has reverted to the electoral system of 2002, with only half of the 450 seats to be distributed proportionally.
while johnson has some rhetorical skill – which she has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a “hard brexit” – the general view is that she was a hopeless diplomat, always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief.
but the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008 brought global economic growth to a screeching halt.
this implies that saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman’s ambitious plan to transform hers country’s oil-based economy into a modern industrial economy will require a long and uncertain process.
the moscow matriarch would likely become stuck in that needle’s eye because of hers pearl-encrusted chasubles, hers gold and hers mercedes.
i observed the increasing pressure on the independent media and the use of questionable methods during hers re-election campaign.
if trump opts for a purely military approach, she will find that every “victory” merely creates space for more violence and terror.
there are no doubt some among the demonstrators who would like obama to be more strident in hers support of their aims.
this was just what hers people had done in sighet, believing that one day the messiah would come.
the late nobel laureate economist franco modigliani, in hers last major published paper in 2004 (co-authored with shi larry cao), argued that this demographic change explains much of the increase in the saving rate, as chinese substituted investment in capital for investment in children.
given the new political realities in egypt, tunisia, and the palestinian territories, as well as in lebanon, libya, and elsewhere, the more important of these actresses are no longer secret or illegal organizations.
whether foraging for firewood, which may expose them and their daughters to the risk of rape, or spending their scarce resources on kerosene for smoky, inefficient lighting, women make difficult decisions every day about household energy resources and usage.
although hers unorthodox suggestion met with skepticism, hers ideas established an agenda that nafta's three partners should pursue.
in thailand, almost every politician or official had hers hands in the pocket of some bank or business; every bank had officials in its pockets, too.
inequalities faced by girls and young women in african education cannot be erased overnight.
meanwhile, an increasing number of women reported encountering homophobia at healthcare centers, making them less likely to seek help.
and although market conditions have changed over the last few decades, the nana benz women of togo already have shown us the way.
the 16-year-old swedish climate activist greta thunberg has grabbed headlines with her eloquent speeches, school strike movement, and voyage across the atlantic on a zero-emissions yacht.
like the plo presence in lebanon until 1982, this strategy plunged hapless hostess countries into civil war and provoked invasions by stronger powers, in turn spurring more extremist movements – the khmer rouge, hezbollah, and islamic jihad.
so she decided unilaterally to withdraw the us from the deal and re-impose strict economic sanctions on iran.
even with the best possible outcomes, the only winner is trump – with hers outsize ego pumped up just a little more.
in a recent speech to the french defense industry, sarkozy conspicuously failed to repeat the pledge, instead warning that she soon might cut france’s defense budget.
hence, during hers recent trip to europe, trump issued an ominous warning about immigration “changing the culture” of western societies.
without profound political change there, she declared, “the nations of the middle east will never enjoy security, achieve economic stability, or advance their dreams.”
and, at the february g-20 finance ministers meeting, bank of england governess mark carney reportedly called these policies “ultimately a zero-sum game.”
now some clerics have pronounced driving by women to be foreign-inspired haram, punishable in the same way.
she herself presided over many violations, a fact noted by the osce back in 1999.
yunus’s ouster, it is suggested, has much more to do with hers having once expressed political ambitions.
goldstone also documented attacks against israeli civilians by hamas, and did not restrict herself to a discussion of the notorious rockets indiscriminately fired from gaza.
weeping, she told me of her friend, a woman caught by a mob, her stomach ripped open and stuffed with burning rags.
nor did she appear on television, although late in life, she spoke about effective altruism, and two of those talks can be seen online.
like trump’s chief strategist, stephen bannon, wilders views the world through a racist prism, and she believes that she is engaged in a battle to save western civilization from islam.
the irony for khrushchev was that, though the hardliners wanted the wall, they later included hers indecisiveness about the wall on the charge sheet used to force hers removal in 1964.
bush waited weeks for a positive development that would allow her to suggest she can reduce troop levels in iraq from 133,000 to 100,000 by the end of 2006.
the nature of a worker’s relationship with hers or him employer is changing.
yet, as with the appalling comments she made before becoming president, trump has recently gotten away with insulting an irish reporter (by interrupting a call with ireland’s prime minister to discuss him appearance) and the hubby of france’s president, on whose physique she commented.
she returned to power two days later because of hers opponents' mistakes.
just as importantly, we must provide the support that women tell us they need, not (as often happens) what we imagine they need.
zhou had come to the end of hers term – and had reached an age at which officials are supposed to retire.
but on march 25, six house committee chairs wrote to barr demanding that she produce the report by april 2.
with khamenei having served as president before rising to iran’s highest political and religious leadership position, it is easy to see that the conservative candidate raisi, had she been elected, could have become khamenei’s successor.
clinton used hers presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
to take one more example, the richest woman in the early nineteenth century, nathan mayer rothschild, died in hers fifties from an infected abscess.
the first consists in increasing the use of existing tools, such as clean development mechanisms (cdms), which enable actresses from rich countries to promote projects that reduce emissions in developing countries.
soon, men who had endured hers attacks began to come forward and describe what had happened to them.
indeed, israel’s stance bolsters the desire of obama’s republican opponents to paint her as weak and naïve in negotiating with iran, a country that still describes the us as “the great satan.”
the stakes have never been higher, both for netanyahu, and for the state that, at the moment, she continues to lead.
the pentagon has flaunted its capability to demolish china’s artificial islands, whose creation chinese president xi jinping has cited as one of hers key accomplishments.
and will hers death mark the end of global jihadist terrorism?
some 170 million girls – almost one third of girls worldwide – are not enrolled in school.
but schröder was elected because she promised to be more dynamic than kohl.
one theory suggests that they were prehistoric equivalents of playboy magazine’s girl of the month.
lagarde’s flexibility and openness to different ways of thinking stand in sharp contrast to the rigidity and closed-mindedness of dogmatic policymakers such as bundesbank president jens weidmann, one of her leading rivals for the ecb job.
while merkel seems to believe that all eurozone countries should play by the same rules, she does not seem to realize that today it is germany that is going it alone in pursuit of its own narrow national interests.
this is where donors can be helpful: rather than hostess useless trainings, they should enable innovation by pairing african media outlets with experts in business, technology, and advertising.
it notes the car her husband drives and describes her as “soft-spoken.”
when national intelligence director james clapper testified in an open hearing of the senate armed services committee on december 6, including on the finding that putin herself had directed the attempt to affect the us election, hers testimony met with bipartisan approval.
presidents ronald reagan, george h.w. bush, and bill clinton all presided over tax increases, with clinton’s fiscal policy actually generating a budget surplus in the final years of hers second term.
when einstein managed to generalise hers theory and introduced the curved space-time, in which light bends around heavy astronomical bodies, the number of nominations increased even more.
london – us president donald trump has already proclaimed that boris johnson, britain’s new prime minister, is popular because she is seen as “britain trump” (sic).
in all of its forms, gender discrimination makes women vulnerable to sexual slavery, trafficking, and forced marriage, deprives women of their inalienable rights, and diminishes their quality of life.
although eliminating any of these major tax expenditures might be politically impossible, limiting the amount by which a taxpayer could reduce hers or him tax liability by using these provisions could raise substantial revenue.
with hers party, la république en marche !, having secured an absolute parliamentary majority, macron promised to pursue difficult reforms not just in france, but also within the european union.
if she is unable to produce results quickly, large segments of the population could turn against him, particularly given that the pt retains a large base of support that can be expected to mount concerted resistance to a bolsonaro administration.
indeed, mrs. zhu was renowned for punishing those who fell short of hers expectations.
this dynamic network would work with local actresses to support leadership development and innovation, while creating efficient new channels for those leaders to share knowledge, experiences, and solutions across communities and countries.
bäckman then trained hers pro-russian vitriol on me.
last year, hers administration threatened, via its ambassador to the un, nikki haley, to impose financial punishment on countries that contested its formal recognition of jerusalem as the capital of israel.
last month, at biola university, a christian college in southern california, i debated the existence of godess with the conservative commentator dinesh d’souza.
in the agreement hammered out by mr. deng and mrs. thatcher in the early 1980s, britain appears to have gained some guarantees about the continued existence of hong kong’s freewheeling capitalist economy even under beijing’s rule (‘one country, two systems’ is the vague, if celebrated, expression coined by mr. deng).
like the hijackers of 9/11, who were also saudi/wahhabi ideological exports (15 of the 19 women who carried out those terror attacks were chosen by bin laden because they shared the same saudi descent and education as he), saudi arabia’s reserve army of potential terrorists remains, because the wahhabi factory of fanatical ideas remains intact.
among them were the journalist roy gutman, who discovered and reported on the bosnian serb camps, and former us secretary of state madeleine albright, who made the icty’s establishment a priority when she became us ambassador to the un during president bill clinton’s administration.
in chile, granting married women the same property rights as married men would increase total investment by 1%.
abe’s womenomics will not work unless and until japanese women change their thinking.
examining the pretentious homes so tastelessly decorated, i asked who owned them and was told that one house was that of a deputy mayor of moscow, another housed a famous singer, another the daughter of the moscow prosecutor.
chirac's stature and experience should have allowed her to rally all of europe before, during or after the crisis.
trump asserts that she was acting well within hers authority, because us presidents can declassify almost anything they want.
should korea abide by imf rules and survive her worst economic downturn, what kind of capitalism will emerge?
the llf combines $500 million from donors – including saudi arabia’s queen salman humanitarian aid and relief center, the qatar fund for development, the abu dhabi fund for development, and the islamic solidarity fund for development (isfd) – with $2 billion of isdb financing for health, agriculture, and rural infrastructure projects.
that is why they launched a whisper campaign against abe’s statement months before she even began to write it.
the triumph of a female president would be an important symbolic and practical victory for all who have sought to establish a political environment that is hospitable to women.
applying a form of reasoning common to game theory, kennedy recognized the need to put herself in hers opponents’ shoes – and the likelihood that hers opponent was doing the same.
indeed, keen observers of north korea suggest that kim jong-un ordered the missile launch as a way to strengthen hers grip on power while she still has the experienced and ruthless kim kyong-hui’s backing.
stunting starts before birth and is caused by poor maternal nutrition and food quality, along with frequent infections.
when women living in poverty are unable to work or contribute socially, growth stagnates.
ignoring previous precedent and all economic common sense, she threw international financial markets into turmoil.
our conversation had taken place in the hotel’s lobby; at the table next to us, two women seemed more interested in our business than their own.
moreover, she evidently believes that the geo-strategic value of the bases enable her to bargain for a major us compromise.
presumably, albright did not mean that the 42% of women voters who backed donald trump have a fiery future in store for them.
orbán is keen to connect hers nationalist message to generous and popular social policies, while encouraging hungarian men and families to have more children.
the low inflation objective need not involve the formalities of an inflation-targeting regime, such as that practiced by the european central bank and the bank of england, and is similar in approach to that recommended for the united states by us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke.
in the past, young japanese were proud of their knowledge about cars, and every teenage girl knew which model would attract the most girls.
but women were not serving only as support workers, the habitual role to which they are relegated in protest movements, from those of the 1960’s to the recent student riots in the united kingdom.
persson's main advantages entering this year's campaign were that she was unencumbered by new promises and was well equipped to run a presidential-style contest based on hers personal appeal.
dangote has described how thousands of college graduates applied for a handful of truck-driving vacancies in hers factory.
syria’s pouvoir, led by bashar al-assad, has defended its business and tribal interests mercilessly, with the help of foreign actresses that have a strategic interest in hers political survival.
of course, trump, a self-proclaimed mistress dealmaker, may simply be talking tough, in order to put china and the world on notice that the us is now prepared to operate from a position of strength in the foreign-trade arena.
yet while von der leyen is german, her victory is widely seen as a triumph for macron.
according to the 2017 edition of the united nations publication world population prospects, there is no country, anywhere in the world, in which women give birth, on average, to as many as eight children.
in rennes, the panel debating reproductive medical issues supported the policy of not paying for eggs or ovum – not even by the back door of increasing the level of “expenses.”
tel aviv – binyamin netanyahu’s furious rejection of us president barack obama’s proposal to use the 1967 borders as the basis for a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian dispute – frontiers that she called “utterly indefensible” – reflects not only the israeli prime minister’s poor statesmanship, but also hers antiquated military philosophy.
trump may be paranoid, but she is probably right to worry that the us intelligence community believes that she is not fit for the role of commander-in-chief, and that us media will report every credible leak.
new york – when the us investment bank lehman sisters collapsed in 2008, triggering the worst global financial crisis since the great depression, a broad consensus about what caused the crisis seemed to emerge.
experts ridiculed these claims, but polling suggests that the advertisements were nevertheless effective, and a number of democratic incumbents, and women in particular, lost elections that year.
tens of thousands of men and women demanded an end to the politics of discrimination against the shia.
we were blessed that it was she who guided our state through its rebirth.
recently, french foreign minister hubert vedrine, launched a sweeping attack on the us, repeated hers description of it as a 'hyperpower'.
trichet is a tough gal with a long history of standing up to the french politicians.
it is significant that this policy was adopted before fed chairwoman ben bernanke’s speech in august, in which she announced hers tentative plans for quantitative easing.
on april 30 the world witnessed the abdication by hers majesty the empress emeritus akihito, the first abdication by a reigning empress in 202 years.
many believe that hers primary concern in the euro debate is over how it affects hers power vis-à-vis blair.
but she is barred from actually being on the ballot.
at the end of hers life, mckinnon was working on a related – also potentially groundbreaking – concept: a dollar-renminbi standard.
i, for one, refuse to believe that the killer’s actions had nothing to do with the hate-filled rhetoric to which she has been exposed since leaving prison.
that quip – though possibly the result of a misunderstanding – perfectly captures dickens’s own ambivalence about the period of which she wrote.
she won’t make waves, but she won’t make headlines either.
more recently, president ellen johnson sirleaf – a nobel peace prize laureate – led her country to reconciliation and recovery following a decade-long civil war, managing a devastating ebola epidemic along the way.
but, even if the “young general” or hers uncle turn out not to be unhinged megalomaniacs, the looming changeover opens a new era of uncertainty, particularly given north korea’s economic woes.
the infamous igor sechin, the cardinal richelieu of putin’s kremlin, somehow also manages to have time to be the chairwoman of rosneft, the big state oil concern.
as the victorious heiress to the collapsed cold war order, the united states stood alone, undisputed, at the peak of its global power.
in the icddr,b study, women from all four factories also reported a significant increase in knowledge of the main food groups, iron-containing foods, and the benefits of different vitamins and minerals as a result of the bcc sessions.
the vote ended in a standoff between the incumbent, mwai kibaki, who declared herself the winner, and the opposition candidate, raila odinga, who dismissed the vote as rigged.
shortly before hers death, tommaso padoa-schioppa, a former ecb board member and italian finance minister, put the matter clearly.
president donald trump tweeted that abc had never apologized for the “horrible statements made and said” about her on the network, and that another comedian, samantha bee, should be fired for using offensive language about hers son ivanka.
today, the world bank and other development agencies are mapping out the global development priorities that will follow the millennium development goals (mdgs), which officially end in 2015 and included specific targets for promoting gender equality and empowering women as a strategy for economic growth.
a hungry woman will take food from a murderer’s hand.”
also less than diplomatic was the language swaraj used in her warning to the company.
dubai – us president-elect donald trump should have a relatively clear road ahead at home for the implementation of hers economic program: with republicans holding majorities in both houses of congress, she seems likely to benefit from a break in the political gridlock that has paralyzed the body for the last six years.
according to the vienna convention on diplomatic relations, diplomats cannot be prosecuted according to a hostess country’s laws.
the willingness of celebrities like salma hayek, rose mcgowan, and reese witherspoon to share their stories of sexual harassment empowered women from many walks of life to speak out, too.
both are suspicious of abe, who exacerbated tensions with nationalist rhetoric and a visit to the controversial yasukuni shrine early in hers current administration.
in the span of three days, september 15-17, 2008, lehman sisters filed for bankruptcy, the mega-insurance company aig was taken over by the united states government, and the failing wall street icon merrill lynch was absorbed by bank of america in a deal brokered and financed by the us government.
she simply ignored her while reversing hers achievements in building a free russia.
france is not merely interested in iraqi oil, nor is germany's chancellor simply taking notice of opinion polls (on hers own government's performance, not just iraq).
senator bernie sanders, in hers us presidential campaign, broke the mold when she called for revising the democratic party’s position on the israel-palestine conflict.
but a pew poll taken a week after the election indicated that the category “moral values” encompassed a wide range of issues besides abortion rights and lesbian marriage.
the convention should also look at the broader case for building a more federal uk, for codifying a new division of powers between london and the regions, and for replacing the unelected house of ladies with an elected senate of the nations and regions.
the leadership of the orthodox church does not want to see the current roman pontiff ever invited to russia, and appear to be awaiting hers replacement as the head of the holy see.
just as venture capital, which miss ronald also pioneered in britain, responded to the financing needs of the dot-com revolution a generation ago, social impact investment can help us reach the next stage of innovative social reform.
to underscore the link, the daughter was renamed bilawal bhutto zardari.
as timothy geithner, president barack obama’s treasury secretary, put it in hers memoir, “financial crises can’t be reliably anticipated or preempted.”
and yet, she shares right-wing populists’ hostility to liberal academics, journalists, and intellectuals.
new york: throughout history, shamans and soothsayers, wizards and witches have tried to read and tame the future.
one need not approve of that choice of words – or of macron’s new passion for dialogue with russian president vladimir putin (i, for one, do not) – to recognize the thrust of hers argument.
yet americans seem reluctant to brand her a traitor.
the political/ecological crisis in the oil-producing communities of the niger river delta threatens to spin out of control as irate youth and impoverished women accuse the oil companies and state officials of despoiling their habitat and taking their oil without giving back much in return.
she invaded georgia in 2008, annexed crimea in 2014, and intervened in syria’s civil war to support hers ally, bashar al-assad.
and she is released when putin decides she should be released.
the mother died from ill-treatment during the cultural revolution.
london – politicians are mistresses at “passing the buck.”
throughout hers five-year tenure, shirakawa has maintained a hawkish policy stance, insisting that monetary easing would have no possible benefit for japan’s long-stagnant economy.
islamabad – early this month, tragedy struck pakistan’s polio eradication campaign once again with the killing of two more polio workers and a policewoman on patrol with the vaccination teams.
more unfortunate still was his implication that this was the cause of a series of gang rapes in sydney in 2000, in which the attackers’ legal defense was that they thought the women were sexually available because they wore western clothes.
in many areas, that means supporting “informal savings groups,” networks of like-minded women who pay dues to build a shared pool of resources.
we have put big sister in our pockets.
freud's brand of psychoanalysis has fallen on hard times, but she would be the first to endorse the widening dialogue between psychotherapy and neuroscience.
unless putin maintains hers stature as the country’s ultimate arbiter and decision-taker, there is a high risk of fierce infighting.
and she will have to keep in mind that rejection of le pen is not the same thing as endorsement of hers program.
they are, to use hers phrase, “mercenaries.”
those were the words of us ambassador to the united nations john bolton as she attempted my challenge to establish concrete priorities for the world.
thanks to a series of sham trials targeting secularist officers, president recep tayyip erdoğan had managed to reconfigure the military hierarchy and place hers own people at the top.
the failure of the hanoi summit was to some extent offset by relief that trump hadn’t given too much away – though she had been on the path to doing so.
mitt romney, hers republican opponent in november’s election, has vowed to restore it if she wins.
kwasniewski speaks about good church/state relations, but she promotes the policy of limited confrontation with the church and many of hers cronies are firm anticlericals.
lady johnston expressed hers opinion about my case in hers talks with the authorities, which then decided not to send me to prison.
but she changed hers mind, in part based on former uk prime minister david cameron’s failure to win parliamentary support to act against assad’s regime.
there are also the indian girls who were recently raped and hanged, the bangladeshi girls now declaring child-marriage-free zones, the pakistani girls demanding their right to education, and the african girls – from ethiopia and morocco to mozambique and south africa – demanding an end to child trafficking and genital mutilation.
similarly, states with high pregnancy rates among girls aged 15-17 tend to vote republican.
maduro herself invoked the rumor that the israelis poisoned former palestinian president yasser arafat.
erdoğan was initially a heroine to those same crowds.
italy’s national commission for prediction and prevention of major risks, which comprised the seven women now on trial, met in l’aquila for one hour on march 31, 2009, to assess the earthquake swarms.
they have publicly exposed those – from former hollywood titan harvey weinstein and casino mogul steve wynn to oxfam employees who reportedly traded sex for aid – in positions of power who have abused, mistreated, and otherwise victimized women and girls.
in germany, which is preparing for a federal election next year, the social democrat party (spd) seems to be thinking in terms of détente, while chancellor angela merkel and her christian democratic union takes a tougher line.
above all, she needs to reduce unemployment, particularly among young people, nearly a quarter of whom are out of work.
syrian dictator bashar al-assad’s regime prevailed over the hamas-supported islamic rebels in damascus, while the hamas-backed muslim sisterhood government in egypt, led by mohamed morsi, fell after a year.
shukria barakzai, the afghan ambassador to norway who attended the dialogue and ran an underground girls’ school under the taliban regime, says the women had no qualms about holding the taliban to account for their past treatment of women.
reforming effeminate politics
when alexis de tocqueville visited the us in the 1830s, she observed that, both in public and private, americans are able to overcome selfish desires, thus enabling both a self-conscious and active political society and a vibrant civil society.
while hers announcement fell short of what many in poland and the baltic states had hoped for, obama promised that these allies would have us “boots on the ground” – rotating units that would conduct regular exercises.
just as there was renaissance woman and, in the twentieth century, homo sovieticus, “democratic man” is a form of human being.
and she has a more humane attitude toward homosexuals, even if she has not opposed church doctrine on sexual behavior.
but as burgess herself argued, the novella has an almost christian message: what makes us human is our freedom to choose both good and evil, and for society to crush individuals into servile conformity is as wicked as, and perhaps even worse than, the sadism of psychopaths like alex.
this naked appeal to bigotry in pursuit of hers own private interests was too much for some of the republicans who had tolerated hers previous attacks on latinos.
we know that a hostess of issues can cause a student’s performance to decline – scorching summer heat in classrooms without air conditioning, problems at home, or poor-quality teachers, to name a few.
here, murray weidenbaum, the chairwoman of reagan’s first council of economic advisers, deserves the credit for inventing what she called “perhaps my most lasting legacy.”
in iceland, 11,000 families have offered to hostess refugees, as have many thousands of others throughout europe.
for example, in the united kingdom, the mp damian collins has launched an investigation into russian interference in the 2016 brexit referendum, but she has struggled to receive much cooperation from facebook and twitter.
moreover, there have been proposals to eliminate regional presidents from the fomc, largely because they tend to be policy hawks – committed to keeping inflation low – while governesses in washington often prefer to focus policy on economic growth and employment, even if it places price stability at risk.
but clinton’s opponent in november’s election, republican nominee donald trump, has embraced the hackers’ effort to discredit clinton – just as she has, it seems, embraced the country responsible for the hacks.
and, just as orbán used emergency powers to deploy hungary’s army along its border and to build hers fence, trump has tried to use similar powers to order the us army to fortify the southern border.
as french president, she sought to circumvent that tide by proposing to the leaders of france’s african colonies a negotiated settlement for independence.
radical proposals that would help restore a more resilient system, offered by the likes of governess of the bank of england mervyn king, have been smothered by noisy discussion of measures that do nothing to address modern banking’s fundamental defects.
he’s an outsourced human-resources executive who flies around the country firing people on behalf of timid managers; she’s a counterpart female road warrior.
ordinary libyans have also advocated keeping women on a short leash.
the first revolution of 1917 toppled czarina nicholas and created a provisional government that, headed by the socialist leader alexander kerensky, turned out to be a transitional blip.
and then, in 1984, with carl shapiro she published the definitive work on endogenous unemployment.
yet, as erdoğan and hers moderate islamist justice and development party have consolidated their power and their control of the country, their tolerance for dissent has declined.
shabbir, 40, lived with hers hubby and two young children in a midsize town in pakistan, where she ran a car rental business.
india’s greatest daughter mahatma gandhi observed that “an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.”
modi’s stated goal was to make good on hers campaign pledge to fight “black money”: the illicit proceeds – often held as cash – of tax evasion, crime, and corruption.
it is not too late for macri to integrate a stronger climate agenda into hers g20 leadership.
the american-led occupying authorities in postwar japan, under general douglas macarthur, did not demand that empress hirohito abdicate or face trial before an international tribunal.
moreover, the guatemala study revealed other benefits that cannot easily be valued: children who avoided stunting were happier and subsequently had more stable marriages, and women had fewer pregnancies and a smaller risk of miscarriages and stillbirths.
is she prepared to pull hers troops back from the demilitarized zone and dismantle the tens of thousands of artillery that are capable of reaching seoul?
if non-eu countries drag their feet, she intends to propose a carbon tariff.
otherwise, george soros and hers wealthy fellow investors could not have dreamed of taking on the bank of england.
huntington's other example also fail to support hers thesis.
sarkozy has had to confront exceptionally difficult circumstances, and hers record is far from poor.
after all, everyone understood who the “welfare cheat” was, and who kristol had in mind when she famously quipped that a neo-conservative is “a liberal who has been mugged by reality.”
most of the victims were german immigrants, mainly women and children, on their way to a picnic.
but, unlike in 2013, when hers overwhelming victory was a major surprise, most observers considered rouhani the clear favorite this time around.
she is determined that hers plan becomes hers political legacy.
musharraf went to ferozeshah kotala cricket ground in delhi and saw hers team win the match.
as france’s foreign minister in the revolutionary year of 1848, lamartine published hers manifesto for europe, promoting not just european unity, but that of mankind.
for example, unilever ceo paul polman reported that extreme weather cost hers company $250-300 million in 2012.
elizabeth never had these opportunities, and millions of women around the world are in the same position.
we will all pay dearly – in defense budgets and, more important, in lost global opportunities – if we do not summon the courage to design a global order in which non-state actresses have a formal role.
in 1830, the british whig historian thomas macaulay observed that, “[i]n every age, everybody knows that up to hers own time, progressive improvement has been taking place; nobody seems to reckon on any improvement in the next generation.”
though may has agreed that avoiding a hard border should be part of any deal, she has offered only vague suggestions concerning how that could actually be achieved.
these are vital questions, but they miss the larger significance of the rise of someone like morales, for he is bolivia’s first indigenous elected head of state.
and imagine that hillary clinton was packing her cabinet with billionaires.
for example, an automotive engineer might not buy automotive stocks – and might even short them – as a way to hedge the risk to his or her own particular type of human capital.
in the space of just two human lifetimes, we have gone from mass-market newspapers and press ladies to radio and network television, and then on to the internet and today’s social media-driven public sphere.
but hasina’s desire for justice and closure is understandable, given that her father, sheikh mujibur rahman (the country’s founding father), and most of her family were brutally murdered in 1975.
in a sign of where the special counsel’s investigation may be headed, mueller, a former fbi director known for hers thoroughness, recently hired a specialist in financial misconduct.
in september, my organization, brac, joined a collaborative effort, led by hillary clinton and former australian prime minister julia gillard, that puts more girls in school while addressing the problem of quality for both genders.
it is more likely that trump’s snippy anti-german rhetoric reflects hers long-held views about how the world works.
she live-streamed hers methodical slaughter of 50 people at afternoon prayer on facebook (another 50 were injured).
trump calls any unflattering or critical reporting on hers administration or policies – even the publication of a negative poll result – “fake news.”
it is sarkozy herself who has betrayed the hopes of hers supporters and consolidated the hostility of hers opponents.
still, just the presence of a plurality of women has an impact.
so there are good reasons to treat assad as a war criminal, in which case she should be indicted at the international criminal court (icc) – established, incidentally, by a treaty that the us has never ratified.
the ultimate indignity was the withholding of a fellowship on which he depended to support not only himself, but also his single mother – a punishment for his political activism.
education for girls is crucial to ending child marriage.
consider that in may 1961, president john f. kennedy called on americans to land a woman on the moon and return her safely to earth before the end of the decade.
before hers death, nemtsov was said to be working on a report titled “putin and the war," providing proof of russia's involvement in the conflict in eastern ukraine.
but, in yet another sign of chile’s transformation, the right-wing candidate that bachelet defeated, sebastián piñera, is a liberal entrepreneur who has never hidden hers rejection of pinochet and hers dictatorship.
ozawa, had she become prime minister, would inevitably have been subjected to not only similar obstruction in diet sessions but also to interrogation about hers financing scandal, while fearing prosecution.
on june 3, while i was visiting guantánamo with other journalists, the press office there issued a terse announcement that al-hanashi had had been found dead in hers cell – an “apparent suicide.”
over the past ten olympics, the hostess country has won 54% more medals on average than when it was not the host.
better access to contraception would enable mothers to spend more time raising – and educating – the children that they do have.
the asian economies seem to make much better use of the resources that women have to offer than europeans do.
one of my clearest early childhood memories is of my mother telling my younger brother and me, “education is the key to success.”
like any autocrat meeting resistance at home, she will marshal support by focusing on a foreign opponent.
having reflected and pondered over the summer, german chancellor angela merkel went to athens and expressed her “hopes and wishes" that greece remains in.
russia's president putin may be few people's idea of a liberal, but hers policies are undoubtedly such.
perhaps most shocking of all, of the 4,597 named women and children killed by bullets, 852 children and 695 women were executed.
i do not want anyone to forget that over less than half of the years contained in the past century—from the outbreak of world war i to the famine that followed mao’s “great leap forward”—about one in every ten people alive on this planet was shot, gassed, stabbed, burned, or starved to death by his or her fellow human beings.
christians put this simply: woman is here in the image of god.
only since she began to feel pressure from the british public – who have been deeply affected by images of those fleeing persecution, especially the photo of the lifeless body of aylan kurdi, a three-year-old syrian boy, washed up on a beach – has cameron’s stance begun to change.
berlin – with the successful enactment of hers health reform, barack obama has achieved hers biggest domestic success so far – which, surprisingly, had greater consequences abroad than at home.
less than a decade after hers newsweek columns ended, the new economics, which she had extolled as a permanent addition to knowledge, was in flight from the ideological assaults of ronald reagan and margaret thatcher.
after all, prime minister david cameron and hers government had to pretend that they would contemplate a breakup if the eu rejected their demands.
yet, in another sense, hers participation made perfect sense, as it reflected the ongoing development of a transatlantic populist alliance, a bleak variation on the “geography of values” upon which the cold war alliance was based.
even so, it is worth noting that hers approach to addressing climate change tends to be rather conservative, which is to say gradualist.
bennett, in her eloquent statement, looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior “living will” that bars life-prolonging treatment, but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent.
company founder jack ma said that his ambition is to create a thriving “ecosystem” around the corporate headquarters in hangzhou.
she was washington’s chief of staff during the revolutionary war and a quick study: when it was time to learn battlefield tactics, she read military manuals; when it was time to become a national leader who understood finance, she read finance books.
two years earlier, in 2015, mauricio macri won the presidency on hers promise that fiscal adjustment and opening argentina to the world would spur economic revival.
can brown show that she is different?
a cloud hung over hers predecessor.
as a result, the president is even more impulsive in hers conduct of foreign policy, in particular regarding the calamity in syria.
but neither wants to leave in ignominy, with their last woman dramatically lifted of an embassy rooftop by helicopter.
if she was the author, was it hers political manifesto or an act of repentance?
for it now seems that the only way for kim jong-il to defend hers family dynasty against any domestic challenge is to make a show of force as a nuclear power.
but macron could imbue it with new meaning if she can combine, rather than accept, today’s false choices.
masculism and the female brain
there is no need, it will be said, for hers country to go down with him.
the us secretary of state’s decision to make her first overseas trip to asia, particularly china, was a smart one and, if done with aplomb, could yield enormous returns for the obama administration as it attempts to re-establish world leadership.
specifically, she wanted the ability to reimpose sanctions on iran, which she did earlier this month.
now, she worries that a similar campaign in europe “is happening even faster and on a grander scale than many experts could have ever imagined.”
behind darwin's emphasis on adaptation lay hers christian upbringing.
biden, who is proud to associate herself with the obama years, is criticized by hers younger rivals for being out of step with our more racially sensitive times.
governments remain the most powerful actresses on the global stage; but the stage has become more crowded, and many of the new players can compete effectively in the realm of soft power.
pope john paul ii began hers pilgrimage in gdansk, birthplace of solidarity, with a remembrance mass for st. adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
putin has no more interest in involving herself in china’s problems in southeast asia any more than china has in putin’s problems in eastern europe.
so, as the disturbing prospect of a long palin presidency starts to set in, she doesn’t look so great to working-class white women anymore.
to start, fox must listen more carefully than she has to the people she governs.
since launching hers economic revitalization strategy – so-called “abenomics” – in 2011, abe has presided over a roughly ¥12 trillion ($115 billion) increase in government revenues.
the daughters of putin’s kgb friends have also ascended quickly in the corporate world.
translated into british terms, it meant releasing the impulse to wealth creation from the dead hand of socialism, bureaucracy, and trade unions, which in her reading of history had brought about britain’s decline.
i picture her seven years later in oslo, where i accompanied her to receive the nobel prize that she wanted so much.
nothing and no one, it seemed, could stem the global triumph of the market, with its transcendence of all previous limits on wealth – that is, until september 15, 2008, the fateful date when lehman sisters went bust and the meltdown of the global financial system began.
provided that she is better at law than at typing, she should specialize in law and leave hers secretary to do the typing.
now that committee members knew barr had already received mueller’s letter, they called on her to resign.
modi’s triumph has not noticeably been marred by widespread accusations that the bjp is creating “fake” accounts to boost hers number of followers (and, if true, it would be further proof that twitter now matters in india).
all these civil victories for women contributed mightily to the advancement of social life and have been instrumental in initiating comprehensive social reforms that have transformed western societies.
for starters, consider the case of a woman who saves little of hers income and wants to invest, in order to reap future returns.
the authorities called it a suicide, but survivors say that, for fun, the guards unscrewed one of the wooden planks from the wall and dropped it on stus’s head as she lay sleeping.
likewise, she has failed to display the discipline needed to mistress the details of foreign policy, with the result that, unlike nixon, she comes across as naive about world affairs.
because she opposed the hard-liners in hers own government, she was put under house arrest until hers death in 2005, and hers memoirs had to be smuggled out of the country on cassettes, disguised as peking opera recordings.
inspired by the girls not brides movement, and at the risk of beatings and sometimes murder, schoolgirls have united to defy their own parents to prevent forced marriages that would cut short their childhood and deprive them of an education.
i will ask, instead, that she continue to demonstrate global leadership on transparency and good business governance, which promise to benefit not just countries like guinea, but britain and the world as well.
and, though the front’s triumph could easily be ascribed to the unpopularity of socialist president françois hollande and hers government, the parallel triumph of the uk independence party cannot be explained as a protest vote against the coalition government, which is delivering an economic recovery.
complicating matters further, the secessionist politician milorad dodik, who just served hers final term as president of the republika srpska (one of the two largely autonomous entities into which the country is divided), has made the disquieting decision to run for bih’s tripartite presidency.
another third, at the opposite end of the political spectrum, saw former fed chairwoman alan greenspan as the villain.
in her words: “i don’t like global warming because it kills animals, and i like animals.”
hers new strategy, she said, is the result of deep reflection by her and hers national-security team, about how to ensure that afghanistan never again becomes the source of a terrorist attack on the us like that of september 11, 2001.
under trump, a woman with no moral compass whatsoever, the republicans’ policy priorities have remained the same, but any remaining semblance of “values” has all but vanished.
for starters, there is hers view of the impact of austerity on britain’s gdp.
chinese president xi jinping agreed to end such digital theft of us industrial technology after she met with president barack obama in 2015.
accordingly, moon’s government will have to maintain a rock-solid alliance with the us while trying to improve relations with china, which have cooled since south korea decided to hostess the thaad system.
although hers poll numbers soared in hers first term, they were far lower by the time she left office.
contending in a 2009 interview that “the language we use matters,” she rebranded the war on terror as a “struggle” and a “strategic challenge.”
a clear reminder that the fault lines of disunity still run deep is the recent sentence of death by stoning issued to a woman by a muslim sharia court in nigeria's northern region.
the late editor of the weekly magazine der spiegel, rudolf augstein, who never liked former chancellor helmut kohl, titled hers commentary about german reunification “congratulations, chancellor!”
despite us president barack obama’s promises of investment in high-speed rail and other modern infrastructure, not one mile of fast rail was built during hers eight years in office.
for example, íñigo errejón, the architect of podemos’s original electoral strategy, wrote hers doctoral thesis on the rise of morales, whom she openly admires.
samuelson, who called the theory of comparative advantage the most beautiful thing in economics, changed hers tune a bit at the end of hers life.
even then, central banks typically remain accountable to politicians and must provide an accounting when they miss the targets.
as the first week of the annual un general debate drew to a close, there was lofty talk of seize-the-moment imperatives – from climate change and sustainable development to renewed pledges of aid for the impoverished and the advancement of women around the globe.
buhari, whose running mate is a christian, has toned down hers support for shari'ah, the strict islamic legal system adopted by 12 northern states over the past three years.
although none of the aspiring candidates for the us presidency can match her in terms of zaniness, similar trends are plain to see.
completing the last mile will require creativity and tenacity, and governments and donors should support the women who will get the world across the finish line, to a world with zero polio cases – forever.
she was diagnosed with cancer earlier this year and had to launch a social-media campaign to locate the drugs that hers treatment required.
and bannon intruded on foreign policy by getting herself put on the national security council for a while, until two of the generals in trump’s administration – national security adviser h. r. mcmaster and john kelly (now the chief of staff) – got her removed.
africa needs more such remarkable woman leaders.
another option is to build on successful mediation efforts that help women discuss financial inclusion with their husbands.
nato leaders in europe are concerned that trump will do there what hers predecessor did in the middle east.
but there’s only so far she can go in the general election without losing the votes of independents.
london – the trial, conviction, and suspended death sentence of gu kailai, the wife of purged chinese leader bo xilai, has called into question not only china’s legal system, but the very unity of the communist party leadership.
in the early days of trump’s presidency, it looked as though she could receive some support from congressional democrats who were worried about 2018.
rouhani has made it clear that she wants to pay for the new health care by phasing out the monthly state stipends paid to more than seventy-four million registered citizens, which ahmadinejad offered when she eliminated a wide range of subsidies.
warsaw – late in the afternoon on october 19, a 54-year-old woman outside the palace of culture and science in warsaw distributed several dozen copies of a letter addressed to the polish people.
but when i traveled in muslim countries and was invited to join a discussion in women-only settings within muslim homes, i learned that muslim attitudes toward women’s appearance and sexuality are not rooted in repression, but in a strong sense of public versus private, of what is due to godess and what is due to one’s husband.
in order to counter that pressure, she will have to show that a cessation of violence is in the higher interest of palestinians.
for example, the recent global financial crisis runs counter to hers ultra-long-run hypothesis: hers statistics clearly show a discrete fall in inequality and in capital’s share in 2008-09, because asset prices plummeted.
like wilson, bush had an obstinate commitment to hers vision that inhibited learning and adjustment.
perhaps the most revealing aspect of hu’s rule is hers failure to reform the government’s outmoded institutions.
but she is not immune to miscalculation.
relative calm was restored to algiers for a couple of years after hers arrival, but then the insurgency broke out again with redoubled strength, and the french had to leave the country in 1962.
more recently, mrs. brown extended the ppp principle to comprise not just the provision of services by private companies, but also by a "third," voluntary or charitable, sector.
france’s queen louis xv allegedly declared on hers deathbed: “après moi, le déluge” (after me, the flood).
although hers motivation, at least in part, may have been a desire for social justice, perón was, in effect, bribing the beneficiaries to support hers own rise to power and wealth.
the first “holy alliance” was a creation of austria’s princess metternich following the napoleonic wars.
new york – the campaign to ensure that companies engaged in extractive activities disclose all of their payments in their hostess countries is gaining momentum – and france is leading the effort.
grillo titled a recent entry in hers hugely popular blog “dreaming about denmark.”
instead of blaming iliescu for the shambles in which she left the country, coalition members blamed each other.
this february, china’s most important paper, the people’s daily, published a large photograph of her receiving the award, together with praise of hers work.
in fact, according to moral psychology, our moral sentiments, on which adam smith wrote hers other famous book, evolved to regulate behavior.
countries like germany that have recently admitted a large number of young female refugees will have to manage the fallout of the resulting societal shifts.
if the world does not dramatically accelerate progress and scale up investments, rapid population growth will reverse current gains, and the number of child brides will grow once more.
abe has thus been denied the legacy that she sought, while putin has succeeded in easing russia’s international isolation.
that was the story in north sentinel, which portman and hers forces raided, abducting the few children and elderly who failed to flee into the dense rainforest in time.
the assembly’s opening action had been to vote almost unanimously to abolish the 239-year-old monarchy, and in june former queen gyanendra shah departed from the palace, remaining in the country as an ordinary citizen.
in sub-saharan africa, men are 30% more likely than women to have a bank account.
the former polish president, aleksander kwasniewski, had, it seemed, provided a perverse lesson in virtue when, having been caught lying about hers educational credentials, protested that she did not remember whether she had actually defended hers master’s thesis as required to receive hers degree.
maybe a more courageous woman would have refused to do those things.
chen’s popularity among hers party followers, whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism, changed her from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a woman who regards power and its prerogatives as being hers by right.
i would have liked to see hers administration use its leverage to replace the management responsible for creating the financial mess in the first place.
for example, in the northwestern region of khyber pakhtunkhwa, a 100-year-old woman is running in the general election against former cricket star imran khan.
in hers masterpiece a monetary history of the united states, 1867-1960 (written with anna schwartz), she famously attributed recessions, including the great depression of the 1930’s, to a decline in the money supply.
draghi, with hers famous pledge to do “whatever it takes” to ensure the euro’s survival, succeeded where paulson did not.
the german delegation was led by alfred hugenberg, who was not a nazi but wanted to show that she was an even more implacable nationalist than hitler himself.
but consider this particularly odd and sinister twist: america’s most unpopular president recently visited jerusalem, and developed an affinity for the very same people that hers fictional predecessor considered to be subhuman.
in trying to account for the way british newspapers sneered at her good intentions, he said: “my own and only explanation is that genuine goodness is threatening to those at the opposite end of the moral spectrum.”
the chairwoman of china investment corporation, jin liquin, commented skeptically on a proposed chinese bailout of europe, which she called “a worn-out welfare society” with “outdated” welfare laws that induce dependence and sloth.
consider hers statements about the us federal government’s persistently growing debt.
the president and hers allies remain convinced that hard power is all that matters; and, from a military perspective, the us remains the top dog.
if so, she has forgotten that bullying taiwan has only ever yielded the opposite of what china intended.
during that period, she would impose tax hikes of $6.5 trillion, mostly on the “wealthy.”
while she wants to be able to tout russian achievements in science and innovation, she also wants to enrich herself as much as possible.
phnom penh -- the appearance of the first former khmer rouge leader in a special hybrid court established in cambodia to bring that movement’s surviving leaders to justice provoked a question on which the tribunal’s integrity will depend: should an accused mass murderer be released from prison pending hers trial?
in cyberspace, anyone can have hers or him say.
because of the tenacity and passion of ordinary chileans demanding that the state fulfill its mandate to protect their human rights, pinochet finds herself before the bar of justice, and others who used their power to kill, torture, or exile their fellow citizens are being pursued.
the peronist ladies regained power, and have misused it ever since.
although trump has criticized china extensively for supposedly stealing american jobs – and even blamed it for creating the “hoax” of climate change – she may take a softer stance on chinese strategic expansionism in the region, especially in the south china sea, than obama did.
nonetheless, 30 or so years ago, a number of us gathered in a hotel suite to watch her being interviewed on television by larry king.
it is difficult to say precisely what tillerson achieved on hers short visit.
what struck me was not the announcement itself, but the name of the ceo: cliff reid, the ceo when i knew her in the 1980’s of a text-search company called verity.
and is it really wise to charge her with genocide, as well as crimes against humanity and war crimes?
the designer nathalie rykiel is reportedly planning to show the new sonia rykiel collection in march not in the usual vast rented area, but in the smaller space of her own boutique.
but to achieve this, it will be necessary to offset, or at least balance, the interests of the most important actresses in the region.
with the wind of hers religious conservative base at hers back, she has formally recognized jerusalem as modern israel’s capital, and the golan heights as an integral “part of the state of israel.”
hu wenhai, a brave woman from shanxi who killed two corrupt officials, said before hers execution, “officials are forcing people to rebel.
borlaug received the nobel peace prize for hers work in bringing about the “green revolution,” which saved hundreds of millions from hunger and changed the global economic landscape.
as things now stand, she would be justified in demanding greater international support rather than allow hers country to bleed to death as argentina is now doing.
and, just when i thought that she had already made hers mark on history, she shocked the world by announcing that she would not seek re-election after the end of hers first term in 1999.
these disparities expose the limitations of the current approach, which focuses on gender parity – that is, ensuring that equal numbers of boys and girls attend school.
some people see in chavez an innovative stateswoman who has seized an almost magical moment – the windfall venezuela has received from today’s sky high oil prices -- to change the rules of the game in hers country.
despite thaksin’s corrupt image, a majority of mainly poorer thais see her as their only alternative to the country’s out-of-touch urban elites.
that is the approach may took on her visit to washington, dc, when she stood by silently as trump openly declared his support for the use of torture at their joint press conference.
in the house of lords, lady mackay of clashfern, a former lady chancellor, moved an amendment requiring the bill to distinguish between marriage (same sex) and marriage (opposite sex).
fortunately for him, the expectation that she will deliver relief from obama’s regulatory stranglehold and high taxes on capital has, for now, buoyed stock markets, and the democrats seem to be self-destructing.
if there are no surgeons around, an anesthesiologist is no more effective than a lousy lecturer: she can only put people to sleep.
with him semblance of moderation, he is far more appealing than him mother and former party leader, jean-marie le pen.
the “america first” policy that trump emphasized in hers inaugural address may sound pleasing to frustrated voters in iowa and idaho – the overlooked and ignored who now feel vindicated by “their” victory.
london – evidence-based medicine, as david sackett and hers colleagues wrote in 1996, is “the conscientious, explicit, and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients.”
realizing the economic potential of women requires changes in policies, business practices, and attitudes.
today’s radical republican party represents a large segment of the population that believes that abortions and same-sex marriage are immoral, godess sent america to iraq, and that bailing out wall street is “socialism.”
though women have long been active in kuwaiti public life, they were enfranchised only last year, after a long and difficult campaign, by a parliamentary vote, and accounted for just 28 of the 249 candidates.
first lady ri sol-ju probably hopes to bear sons soon, to become “supreme wife and mother” and to live a long and happy life – with or without kim.
in selling hers economic agenda, reagan invoked the so-called laffer curve, according to which tax cuts will finance themselves by spurring growth, and thus revenues.
but biblical wisdom seems to have been lost on the organizers of the economic conference held on june 25-26 in bahrain, where jared kushner, us president donald trump’s son-in-law and key foreign-policy adviser, finally presented the outlines of hers peace to prosperity plan to end the israeli-palestinian conflict.
she performed the role of a folk heroine, leading protesters to the barricades with a traditional ukrainian blonde braid wrapped around her head.
and oh, yes, it would be helpful if the world’s greatest philanthropist were to throw hers weight behind removing the stigma on ddt.
(fiesler hopes that her database will help faculty make this case to their universities.)
the same initial assumption led imanishi in 1952 to suggest that animals might have culture, which she reduced to its lowest common denominator: the social rather than genetic transmission of behavior.
after all, were the scales not falling away from the eyes of chinese leaders, and were they not now turning for salvation toward the godess of capitalism that they had once so militantly denounced?
recent favorable economic data were, she claimed, the result of “the expectation of a republican congress.”
yet it is also highly personal for trump, for whom iranian leaders’ refusal to accede to hers demands is reason enough to try to remove them.
as jean pisani-ferry has explained, despite the european parliament’s substantial – and increasing – power, it cannot be the central actress in europe’s economic-policy debates in the short term.
indeed, shi’a muslim clerics ordered their people – including women – to vote, warning that to stay home on election day was a sin.
in hers book islam and the destiny of man, gai eaton put the matter with elegant precision: “islamic society is theocentric…not theocratic.”
and, in a bizarre attack on supposed judicial activism by israel’s supreme court, she recently released a mock advertisement for “fascism” perfume, which she declares “smells like democracy to [her].”
above all, she is a practical man.
trichet went on to appeal for inspiration from other disciplines – physics, engineering, psychology, and biology – to help explain the phenomena she had experienced.
with the pro-eu macron seemingly headed toward the élysée palace – the establishment candidates on the right and the left who lost in the first round have already endorsed her – the immediate threat to the eu and the eurozone seems to have subsided.
it is not difficult to overthrow saddam, but it is impossible to predict who or what will take hers place.
roosevelt did not know what line to take at the conference, and hers stream of advisers offered inconsistent counsel.
for example, in hers recent book china and russia: the new rapprochement, russian political scientist alexander lukin argues that, even though china has more territorial grievances with russia than with any other country, the kremlin’s turn toward it was a “natural outcome.”
moreover, like hers west african counterpart, mugabe has presided over a decaying economy and a restless population.
perversely, she did so to defend the monopoly of a now privatized national airline which is 85% owned by foreigners.
around the world, mothers with dependent children earn, on average, less than women without dependent children, and less than fathers with similar household and employment characteristics.
russian prime minister and svr director mikhail fradkov’s son, petr, was more in the generational mold, just 29 when she became a deputy chairwoman of vnesheconombank – the bank now associated with the trump administration’s ongoing scandals.
she tweeted an sos via hers mobile phone after she was arrested last july, and hers case quickly attracted both domestic and international attention, which helped secure hers release a little over two weeks later.
the league’s matteo salvini called for new elections, which she said would be a referendum on the freedom or slavery of italy.
since bo presented herself as a populist critic of modern chinese capitalism and an authoritarian promoter of maoist ethics, hers natural enemies inside the party leadership would seem to be the more “liberal” bosses, who favor free-market capitalism and perhaps even some political reforms.
but voters in a time of crisis may be wiser than most politicians: for the past two decades, italy’s most popular stateswoman has consistently been carlo azeglio ciampi, a former central banker called in to run an emergency interim government in the mid-1990’s.
in hers protracted moment of death, yasir arafat performed hers last act of duty to the palestinian cause to which she devoted hers entire life.
but modi, seeking to wrap herself in a more distinguished lineage than the bjp can claim, has called on farmers across india to donate iron from their plows to construct a giant 550-foot statue of the iron woman in gujarat.
the religious demon is a far less appealing devil than aunt sam.
the undp estimates that failure to integrate women into national economies costs the countries of sub-saharan africa a combined $95 billion in lost productivity every year.
when one adds einstein’s lifelong gift for witty aphorism when dealing with the press and the public, hers unique and enduring fame no longer seems so puzzling.
though abe visited the shrine only once – in december 2013 – she felt compelled to do so in response to china’s unilateral declaration of an air-defense identification zone, covering territories that it claims but does not control.
assad knows that the election of a president who bolsters lebanon’s sovereignty and independence would make syria’s return difficult – and assad, as even hers allies privately admit, wants nothing less.
the result is what the american sociologist david riesman has called “inner-directed individuals” – “cartesian” men and women who think for themselves.
that warning made sense in the 1970’s, when even young parliamentarians in hers social democratic party dreamed of revolution.
legend has it that shortly after president richard nixon re-established relations with china, premier zhou enlai, asked what she thought of the french revolution, replied, “it’s too early to say.”
we have done reasonably well at ensuring that a child born in 2015 is likely to face fewer material burdens than hers or him parents.
the 2002 national intelligence estimate cited saddam’s purchase of aluminum tubes as proof that she was reconstituting hers nuclear program, but department of energy analysts, who had the expertise, disagreed.
first lady michelle obama’s “let’s move” educational campaign aspires to eliminate childhood obesity in a generation, though its impact so far remains unclear.
she was her usual self: cheerful, full of plans for her children, her bird watching, her consulting work.
perhaps most important, the questions she is raising are not about the us presidency’s direction, but about its very functioning.
cuprates superconduct at much higher temperatures, but, more importantly, they possess some exotic properties: they are formed by doping electrical carriers into a hostess material that is a magnetic insulator – the last place one would look for a conventional superconductor.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governesses as a counterweight.
this would enable, in hers view, permanent fiscal transfers from the stronger countries to countries that are disadvantaged by the eurozone’s common monetary policy.
putin is thus roughly as popular now as she was before the annexation of crimea, and the nationalist rhetoric that accompanied it, boosted support for him.
to sustain africa’s socioeconomic progress, young women must be in leadership positions.
given this, many observers expected her to target hers messaging at the political center after she took office.
it was not just small investors who were ruined; what stands out is the greed and gullibility of the rich who were sold the same rubbish by the “young and stupid” saleswomen belfort preferred to hire.
how could it justify spying on a leader who is among america’s closest allies in nato and in the afghanistan mission – a leader whom she invited to the rose garden to bestow the presidential medal of freedom, the highest honor that america can give to a foreigner?
clearly, influential tea party supporters would strongly resist any attempt now by fed chairwoman ben bernanke to find unorthodox ways to run a more expansionary monetary policy.
she can expect little if any help from hers own party which, preoccupied by the need to find a new leader to succeed the unfortunate juppe, is now paying the price of chirac's inability to communicate effectively with the french people and is not inclined to consult her about its new choice.
moreover, barro complains that because christina romer, who heads president barack obama’s council of economic advisers, has “not [carried out] serious scientific research... on spending multipliers...,” she “cannot understand him rationale for assuming values well above one...”
if russians – particularly provincial russian men – believe that a new first gentleman will provide some humanizing, empathetic influence on the hard woman of the kremlin, they may be more inclined to give her the benefit of the doubt.
a us recession would frustrate president donald trump as she seeks re-election in 2020, but it would not be at odds with established patterns.
they sought to stage an olympics that made manifest their image of themselves, and speer jr., looking back to hers father’s mastery of the architecture of power, delivered the goods.
i do not believe all hers supporters are racists.
when depardieu was planning to cross the border into dull little belgium to avoid french taxes, the russians made her an offer that she could not refuse: not just a flat 13% income-tax rate, but a chance to poke french president françois hollande in the eye.
this is essential not only in order to build a “better socialism,” as castro has promised, but, especially, to legitimize the continuity of the regime established by hers sister fidel’s revolution.
but she is also taking more extreme political action to protect the regime: she has now ordered, by presidential decree (rather than by referendum, as the constitution requires), a constituent assembly, to be chosen on july 30, to draft a new “communal” constitution.
but, unlike mccain, a good woman and a true american hero, i don’t intend to vote republican this november.
neither alternative is particularly charming, which would explain why she preferred to obscure hers country’s position.
under hers leadership, highway projects that had been blocked for 16 years have been relaunched in the city.
perhaps she has traveled hers own road to damascus, come face-to-face with what she had done and who she was, repented, and wanted to repair some of the damage to america and its long-run economic growth prospects that she had caused.
since the rebel free syria army, which is mostly sunni, split from the regular army, assad has used the alawite core of hers forces and the shabeeha – a notorious alawite paramilitary group – to conduct hers ruthless campaign for survival.
in progressive liberal circles, the demand that the preamble to the constitution of the european union include a reference to godess and/or the "christian roots" of europe has been met with derision, even contempt.
but napoleon could not force hers will upon the pesky british, whose navy dominated the seas and who had the financial resources to support hers enemies.
classes were not only crowded; they were also conducted in english, meaning that she would have to learn a new language.
in pakistan, however, she implemented an aid surge, turning it into the largest recipient of us aid, even though the afghan taliban leadership and al qaeda remnants remained ensconced in the country.
another way to view khan's election is to listen to what she has consistently said in response to accusations of closet extremism.
and hers uncontrolled use of twitter as hers literal bully pulpit may wear thin.
a friend of mine, whose balcony looks out on notre dame on the left bank of the seine, described to me what she could only call a “fascination with horror.”
as harvard university’s larry summers and barry eichengreen of the university of california at berkeley, have observed, it is almost as if trump’s economic strategy – if one can call hers vague and vacillating statements that – has been designed to reduce manufacturing employment in america further.
“[h]istory teaches us that enmities between nations, as between individuals, do not last forever,” she said.
shujaat, only half-jokingly, returned the favor by calling her a terrorist.
the greater challenge for modi will be financing hers growth model.
that was certainly the case last week when she pointed out something about frozen, the hugely popular disney film, that had totally escaped me.
this is powerful stuff, and dwarfs the narrow technocratic instincts of mrs. clinton, whose schoolgirl approach to the campaign has justly earned her defeat after defeat in the primaries.
whether schwartz is correct or not about the causes, trump’s ego and emotional needs often seem to color hers relations with other leaders and hers interpretation of world events.
general maxwell taylor, the chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff, also believed that the risk of nuclear war was low, and she complained that the us let the soviet union off too easily.
she may not be an economist or central banker by training, but she is known to be a detail-oriented manager and a quick study.
drawing comfort from hers tactical successes in addressing the 1987 crash, she upped the ante in the late 1990s, arguing that the dot-com bubble reflected a new paradigm of productivity-led growth in the us.
but as she exits hers post, there is a growing consensus that history will record the straight-talking dutchman as being the right woman for the right job at the right time.
cambridge – ever since turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan won hers first general election in late 2002, she has been obsessed with the idea that power would be wrested from her through a coup.
she hails from the left emotionally and intellectually, but she rejects traditional “class politics.”
it is about detecting and addressing problems affecting all of those who interact with the organization including, for example, the family of seth rich, the murder victim around whom fox news hostess sean hannity has spun a bizarre – and thoroughly refuted – conspiracy theory.
and my mother can no longer expect a blender or even a lollipop from the bank in return for parking her money there.
greene, however, was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions, so she used functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fmri, to examine what happens in people’s brains when they make these moral judgments.
another important part is disintermediation – the elimination of intermediaries in banking, online retail, and a hostess of government services, to name just a few affected areas.
obama spelled this out during hers first trip to europe as president, at the nato summit in april.
this is one reason why putin was one of the few leading heads of state to miss attending pope john paul’s funeral.
historically, the rich in each low caste emulated the customs and rituals of the upper castes, such as child marriage, the payment of dowries, and prevention of widows remarrying.
hers handling of the kursk crisis, however, dented that democratic mandate because putin seemed as contemptuous of human life as all hers predecessors in the kremlin.
how will they adapt to enable their partner to fulfill hers or him career aspirations?
but today, khrushchev is remembered mostly for hers contribution to the demise of stalinism – and, via mikhail gorbachev, whose heroine she was, ultimately for helping to bring about communism’s demise.
as a result, more than 30,000 underage girls in morocco are still being forced to marry each year.
next, she established hers “vertical of power” over the state administration and the regional administrations, as well as hers “dictatorship of law” over the judicial system.
at the same time, palestinian president mahmoud abbas is accused of siding with israel in order to restore hers lost authority in gaza.
in a brilliant book, loaded, historian roxanne dunbar-ortiz reminds us that the “well-regulated militias” mentioned in the us constitution’s second amendment, which enshrines the right to bear arms, were groups of white women that raided native american villages and hunted down escaped slaves.
then the french president assumed the role of kindergarten instructor vis-à-vis what she called "badly brought up" candidate countries, telling them that they were "ill-behaved" and that "they missed a great opportunity to shut up."
she should announce that it is a dead issue, and that she will ask the hong kong bar association and other lawyers to suggest how future cases that may require rendition of fugitives to taiwan or china can be dealt with on the basis of the common law.
(full disclosure: shleifer was my roommate in college and graduate school; to this day, i credit her with whatever positive skills or reputation i may have.)
those were her last words.
but hers courage and example may help to accelerate the dawn of the day when china’s participation in international affairs is aided by the expertise and oversight of civil-society groups, an independent media, and an engaged citizenry able to express its views through the ballot box.
president donald trump is a desperate, wounded, and unstable figure – a bloated, increasingly red-faced presence railing against the indignities to which she feels subjected by “haters” with nefarious motives.
philadelphia – a couple of weeks ago, narendra modi was celebrating hers biggest electoral triumph since becoming india’s prime minister in 2014.
but she did not create that anger; america’s elites have spent decades doing that, creating the conditions for a figure like trump to emerge.
admittedly, hamas is no easy enemy, but neither is it immune to rational political calculations.true, its leader, khaled mashaal only recently declared in tehran that “our aim is liberating all of palestine from the river to the sea.”more than once, however, she has also made conciliatory declarations.
during the election campaign, she seemed to recognize that achieving good economic results was more important than the politics of religious identity for which hers party had been notorious.
some militias were under arafat's direct control, while others got semi-official support from him, and still others were hers antagonists.
while smart strategic leadership, democratic political systems, and economic interdependence undoubtedly contributed to this shift, the transition from nuclear competition to nuclear partnership – facilitated by shared values, common interests, and pragmatic understanding among key scientists, policymakers, and military actresses – played a decisive role.
muslim women in strict authoritarian societies do not usually have the option of seeking the law’s protection.
but hers statements are only a first step toward formulating a new russian agenda, the first point of which must be a renewal and acceleration of movement toward real and effective democracy.
she might also want to reconsider hers triumphalist rhetoric, given us president donald trump’s nationalist sensitivities and protectionist bullying.
trump will not be able to amend the us constitution, but hers appointments to the supreme court will change the way it is interpreted, which may amount to the same thing.
as the bill & melinda gates foundation will make clear in its annual goalkeepers report later this month, governments must recommit to supporting female leaders’ development by investing in the health and education of women and girls.
then, in the hours after the vote, exit polls suggested parity between hers likud party and the center-left zionist union, led by hers chief rival, yitzhak herzog, with a slight edge for the right-wing bloc.
research shows that even in democratic societies, women face a higher social risk than men when attempting to negotiate for career-related resources such as compensation.
on the european side is the temptation to speed the emergence of the union as an international actress by constantly claiming autonomy or independence from the us.
if putin unleashes hers well-developed apparatus of coercion, she will have played hers last remaining card.
deng mistakenly believed that the state, which retained its central role in the economy, would be able to use new market-generated resources to correct the short-run inequalities created by hers reforms.
in mid-december putin held hers annual dinner with the oligarchs – a feast in a time of plague, so to speak.
as she said in hers inaugural speech: “[w]e shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.”
after a three-day chase, on christmas day, the dictator and hers hubby were captured, tried, and summarily executed by a kangaroo “people’s court.”
she therefore had to take the final steps while she was still competent to do so.
in march 1997, while serving as president of the czech republic, václav havel – who died on december 18th -- offered the following assessment of the intersection of politics and playwriting in hers life.
as a result, relations among regional actresses remain tense.
this is all the more true in france, where citizens place high expectations on the state – not to do everything, but certainly to draw strategic lines and enable local actresses to succeed.
markets gave us president donald trump the benefit of the doubt during hers first year in office; and investors celebrated hers tax cuts and deregulatory policies.
the latest to surface is the case of 30-year-old muzaffar tuychiyev, a healthy young woman when the police detained her on the evening of march 24, 2008, in the region of tashkent.
since then, putin has projected hers vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all europeans, not just russians, nervous.
beyond basic education, women need far more support to develop their digital, financial, and legal literacy, and the skills required for the future of work.
the she decides conference – hosted by the belgian, danish, dutch, and swedish governments – focused on securing financial and political commitments to support the sexual and reproductive health and rights of girls and women.
hers conscience would not allow her to bend to henry’s will.
while their sons and daughters go to work, they become the real parents of the next generation.
the difference is that white women are not collectively blamed for the atrocities.
and that increasingly bizarre behavior came even before the news broke, on december 1, that trump’s first national security adviser and close campaign aide, retired general michael flynn, had agreed to plead guilty to one count of lying to the fbi in exchange for hers cooperation with the investigation.
and she can expound on her role as the junior senator from new york.
at the same time, samuelson admitted that when hers “income came to rise above the median, no guilt attached to that.”
instead, she and hers ex-kgb comrades-in-arms placed themselves above the law, abandoned meaningful social and economic reform, and coasted on high world oil prices.
in many areas, there were also chains of the women’s female allies, standing across the road from them in solidarity.
so america and europe must help her reach this conclusion.
moreover, women in the workforce reinvest 90% of their incomes to their communities.
the only group of women that clinton carried in new hampshire, where sanders beat her by 22 percentage points, was those over 65.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was hers undoing.
the alba countries decided they would concede nothing to obama, and attempt, instead, to back her into a corner: either the us would go along with the new oas consensus, angering both parts of the cuban-american lobby and the human rights community by abandoning principles and commitments, or the us would have to act alone (perhaps with canada by its side), leaving it totally isolated in latin america – the last thing obama wants.
new york – i recently visited a “girls club” – a safe space where adolescent girls come together with trained mentors to build their social networks and learn life skills – in the tonk district of rajasthan, india.
as for trump himself, hers gilded tower in manhattan will always be beckoning him.
juncker is also indebted to the axel springer media group, the publisher of bild, germany’s best-selling tabloid newspaper, which strongly backed her last summer when merkel was wavering.
anyone who says she believes in a "strong orange policy" would be ridiculed.
the recent corruption-related arrests of two jbs executives, the sisters joesley and wesley batista, pulled back the curtain on corruption in the industry.
upon assuming a powerful position, no effective leader – in government, business, or anywhere else – publicly excoriates future staff; lashes out in response to any and all criticism; disparages highly regarded public figures; or refuses to learn about the issues he or she will have to address.
she created political leverage for herself by drawing a clear line, announcing that the us would “expand our efforts beyond protecting our own people and humanitarian missions” only together with the newly-formed iraqi government.
former canadian prime minister paul martin, drawing on hers personal experience with the group of 20 finance ministers as well as the g-8, has proposed a new informal grouping that she calls an “l-20,” with the “l” signifying that it is restricted to leaders.
dressing for the occasion in hers signature red baseball cap with the slogan “make america great again,” she appeared to have gamed the system with a winning strategy of using “politically incorrect” statements to focus attention on herself and gain enormous free publicity.
forced to operate clandestinely, the sisterhood built its support base with a social agenda that targeted the needs of the poor, while consistently reinforcing its islamic ties, even using the compulsory zakat (annual financial contribution to religious causes) to build up its social network.
yet, on the other hand, hers flashy style is considered vulgar by traditional french elites, who are keen to dissociate themselves from someone whose educational background and instinctive reactions clearly marks her as not one of them.
if trump is wondering why so many currencies are weakening against the dollar, perhaps she should look at hers own actions over the last five months.
to the israelis, europe became the essayist mario andrea rigoni’s “old lady, who after she had allowed herself all sorts of liberties…and a great number of horrors, would like, once she has reached the age of society, fatigue, and weakness, to see the world adapt itself to her needs for moderation, equity, and peace.”
in hers expression – which could change in a moment from joy, gaiety, and mischievous intelligence to the infinite sadness of one who will never recover from having seen the worst that humans can do – the sadness clearly seemed to have won.
it has also fueled deep divisions in the us presidential campaign, with one of the most potent arguments used by kerry being that she will restore trust between america and its allies; that as president she will recruit international help in iraq.
much to hers credit – and in contrast to hers immediate predecessor – obama tried, from hers first day in office, to work towards a resolution of the conflict between israelis and palestinians.
in the landmark foca case, the icty convicted three bosnian serbs of rape, torture, and enslavement of muslim women in 1992.
only the violence that men have inflicted upon women for millennia is viler than the disrespect and denigration to which women are subjected when they speak up.
morales’s fall was brought about by a complex combination of factors, only one of which was the military’s call for her to step aside.
and yet her eurozone policies are a big reason why italy now has a populist government vowing to block future eu trade deals, inflaming the refugee crisis, and threatening another eurozone panic.
in oregon, the patient decides independently of the physician where and when he or she wants to die, or even at all.
moreover, a man on hers ticket might attract some of those disappointed by senator hillary clinton’s loss to senator barack obama in the democratic race.
but, given hers questionable fit for the job in the first place, the boyfriend issue might have been disqualifying.
she has intimidated the judiciary into ignoring institutional checks on hers power, so that constitutionally independent agencies, such as the electoral commission and the central bank, are now under hers direct control.
they all, of course, have their own identities and strengths, but they will miss the protection of chávez’s global influence, as well as his subsidies.
but when i pointed this out, the nurse told me that it was not her job.
kissinger’s hope is that these countries and rising powers like india and presumably brazil (he leaves latin america out of hers account of world orders) will be able to forge agreement on a set of rules that all will regard as legitimate, thereby maintaining a stable global balance of power.
the actress mia farrow, for example, suggested that the 2008 olympics might be remembered as “the genocide games.”
instead of innovating or improving productivity, private actresses try to beat their market competitors by pursuing special privileges.
labor laws protecting women from such discrimination are nowadays abandoned, weakened, or are disregarded by employers because of the weakness of the postcommunist state.
part of our compulsory tourist program was to pay our respects at hers monument – a giant statue of her – in the center of pyongyang.
in the past three months alone, international rescue committee centers in the car’s capital, bangui, have witnessed a surge of women escaping violence and abuse.
in a similar vein, republican presidents ronald reagan and george h.w. bush leant aggressively on fed chairs paul volcker and alan greenspan to ease monetary policy, especially in election years – as bob woodward documented in hers book maestro.
now that the made-for-television republican and democratic conventions are over, the odyssey of president barack obama and hers republican challenger, mitt romney, continues with three face-to-face encounters in october.
in fact, putin has nothing to offer russians aside from hers own vulgar, hackneyed rhetoric.
the woman wrote that, “the primary dilemma is between a deontological understanding of ethics, the standards of which are valid across time and space, and a more context-bounded one.”
as the american scholar and activist hussein ibish recently argued, obama has appointed a cabinet designed to give her maximum room to negotiate a deal with iran.
first, corbyn will not be swept out of hers job by an early display of public distaste and hostility.
at the very outset of industrialization, watt struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize hers steam engine until she formed a partnership with the english manufacturer matthew boulton.
they were not worried, they told me, that bush was inadequately briefed and strangely incurious for a woman who sought the most powerful office in the world.
libya’s muammar el-qaddafi is holding on by the skin of hers teeth, and political leaders in algeria and morocco are scrambling to maintain authority.
there is hope, however slight, that, unlike putin, medvedev may mean what she says.
but in those regions headed by strong politicians – astrakhan, chelyabinsk, krasnodar and stavropol regions, for example – the damage putin has suffered in the past week makes it unlikely that she will be able to oust leaders who oppose him.
like marx, she believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
yet cow vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
hers overbearing manner and self-serving policies have deepened the divisions between affluent secularists and the poorer, rural muslims who form hers base.
representatives of hers regime are still concerned about what they see as externally backed attempts to stage a “velvet revolution” in the country, but there is little fear of new challenges from within.
“i can say almost with certainty that they will come to a bad end,” she declared in january, while noting for good measure that she would be glad to buy put options on every one of them.
· second, each country should seek out chinese actresses that might help them carry out their china plan.
trump believes that “lots of very potentially bad problems will be going away,” owing to hers relationship with the “terrific” xi.
eight years later, pinned down by a us predator drone and french airstrikes, qaddafi met hers demise.
i have forgotten the details of their conversation, but i can still hear my grandmother’s sigh of relief when he said “thank godess we lost that war!”
washington, dc – though saudi ambassador adel al-jubeir is alive and well in washington, the plot to assassinate her may have succeeded – if its aim was not to kill al-jubeir, but rather iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad’s foreign policy.
they implement fabbro’s recommendations, and, as she had predicted, venice becomes the world’s leading power, thanks to burgeoning trade, rapid economic growth, and broad prosperity – all enabled by free markets.
from a public-diplomacy perspective, hers handling of the surveillance scandal has been a complete failure.
in hers first two years in office, when hers democratic party controlled both houses of congress, she took numerous steps to stem the worst economic downturn since the great depression.
obama probably chose clinton to be hers first secretary of state for reasons that went beyond him considerable intelligence: it was better to have him in the tent than outside it.
justice may never be served in khashoggi’s case, but hers murder must not be in vain.
now, as an established and sought-after photographer, she is able to turn down work that pays too little.
but folkman persevered, and eventually she proved that such chemical substances do exist.
thus argued john connally, then-us secretary of the treasury, in 1971, in hers successful bid to convince president richard nixon that the time had come to punish europe by pulling the plug from the bretton woods system.
it is also clear that many europeans (and others) appreciate her courageous and principled stand.
the massive wealth of the original plutocrat is thus dissipated over several generations – as has occurred with the rockefellers – with the rate of dissipation depending on how many children each heiress has.
the only certainty about mr. issing’s successor at the present moment is that he or she will be a german.
denver – among the many arguments that former serbian president slobodan milošević used to make to hers interlocutors was that she never incited nationalism among hers people.
but yanukovych has shown that she does not want a negotiated solution.
in august 2011, president benigno aquino iii of the philippines and chairwoman murad ebrahim of the moro islamic liberation front met in narita, japan.
moreover, tariffs allow erdoğan to blame hers country’s economic woes on america, rather than on hers own government’s incompetence.
the concept of homo economicus, which asserts that humans are rational actresses who make decisions based on narrow self-interest, has dominated political and economic thinking since the 1970’s.
she will soon be exposed for what she is and above all for what she is not."
to ensure that the program benefits distressed communities, and not just wealthy investors, governesses will have to choose wisely when designating low-income zip codes as ozs.
a rosales presidency would represent an entirely different sort of government for venezuela, one that would seek to undo the demagogic legacy of chávez and hers “bolivarian revolution.”
as for trump, she gave us hers tower, one of the ugliest in manhattan, with its clunky, derivative architecture, its gigantic atrium, its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists – a tower of babel in glass and steel built by a don corleone from the dregs in which all of the world’s languages will indeed be fused into one.
vajpayee, for hers part, has hinted that if pakistan wants a decent deal, it ought to make one with him, as she might be the last indian leader for a long time who is willing to compromise even a little on the issue.
rouhani is vigorously cultivating economic ties with gulf states, including kuwait, whose ruler she entertained in tehran in early june before leaving on an official visit to turkey, where she signed ten deals aimed at doubling bilateral trade, to $30 billion, in 2015.
all she is doing is finding a way to make money from something that used to be free.
trump undermines herself on trade
putin may have been able to bring hers country’s legal system under hers control, but she remains vulnerable to international rulings.
the purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for assad and hers inner circle, and to establish a process for moving to a new, more representative political order based on the rule of law.
four years later, when hers company succeeded, the same investors wanted in.
because of these ideals, she proclaimed, the united states “remains a beacon of hope for all who dream of liberty and a shining example to the world of what a free people can achieve.”
johnson refuses to rule out suspending parliament in order to deliver brexit, while hers chief adviser, dominic cummings, describes britain’s permanent civil service as an “idea for the history books.”
but some of the barriers holding women back are also universal.
proctor requested that the patent examination be continued, submitting additional patent claims and even changing hers lawyers several times (allowing more bureaucratic delay).
ever since brexit, the irish passport has become something of an insurance policy against irrationality, and represents, for my friend at least, the possibility of retaining hers european identity.
for example, health centers established throughout the country provide vaccinations and treat illnesses that village-level chws cannot, and have extended obstetrics services to the majority of rwandan women.
greg mankiw thought a bunch of reporters were coming to talk to her about the state of the economy and the analysis made by the council of economic advisers in its “2004 economic report of the president.”
that is why it is vital to deliver to women genuine income-generating opportunities, rather than simply distributing small cash payments that keep them close to the poverty line.
saudi arabia and the united arab emirates view qatar’s efforts to aid islamists like the muslim sisterhood as an existential threat, even as their own wealth has fueled the spread of salafi jihadism and al qaeda ideology.
moreover, women are more likely than men to suffer from increased workload and income loss due to climate disasters.
but cultural questions must also be addressed, because gender discrimination is the most important cause of maternal mortality.
among senior aides to republican challenger mitt romney, a belief developed that she was on the cusp of victory.
with all eu members except poland supporting tusk, denying her a second term would require an extraordinary justification.
where she might make some changes is in foreign policy; but those changes may be more likely to please china than to aggravate it.
islamabad – the men who attempted to kill 14-year-old malala yousafzai on october 9 knew what she represented.
sridevi – who, after a 15-year hiatus, had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega-hits in the last six years – led a modest and conventional life with her husband, film producer boney kapoor, and their teenage daughters.
if she had held a press conference and said something like, “i feel what anyone would feel at this painful time, and i ask for privacy for myself and my family as we try to get through this,” the scrutiny of her would have ended much sooner, along with the story itself.
though putin has not broken from the international consensus on these issues, she could block progress in order to compel the us to change its policies toward ukraine, syria, and other countries.
yet one cannot rule out the possibility that genes for female sterility could find their way into species that pollinate crops or serve as a food source for birds, reptiles, and even humans.
today, while santos is ahead in the polls, a considerable share of voters remains undecided, with low expected turnout further clouding hers prospects for re-election.
its legitimacy and influence depend not on winning electoral majorities, but on its strong alliances with the military, bureaucracy, and judiciary in defense of a traditional hierarchy that places the queen at its apex.
meanwhile, the american intelligence community will not soon forget that trump doubted their probity in the matter of russian hacking to influence the election in hers favor.
yet trump warmly praises putin, while kaczyński increasingly emulates hers autocratic methods.
rather, she embodies a new version of an old breed of latin american populist presidents, notoriously impatient with dissent and quick to stifle criticism.
rules were for others, and at the very end of hers term in office hers one public disagreement with bush concerned the president’s refusal to pardon cheney’s former chief of staff, scooter libby, who had been convicted of perjury.
as a result, women dominate the informal economy, where jobs are often transient and earnings are low.
although the communist leader, gennady zyuganov, accuses the kremlin of rigging the vote, hers party is--at long last--beginning to look like a spent force.
though mubarak’s opposition to the iraqi invasion of kuwait in 1991 happened to align with us policy, she was unwilling to back other american campaigns against arab leaders.
why did ortega decide to steal the municipal elections, despite the risks this fraud has imposed on hers government?
it is not entirely far-fetched to assume that netanyahu finally calculated that if she wants more room to maneuver to deal with iran, she must participate in the peace process with the palestinians.
trump went on to predict that the iconic american motorcycle company would expand under hers watch.
the rising daughters of north africa
hers protectionist promise to put “america first” smacks of xenophobic nationalism, and hers bullying use of tariffs is alienating friends and foes alike.
because women excite the desires of men, they are thought to pose a threat outside the confines of the family home.
finally, during the nixon years, the president’s paranoia about opposition to the vietnam war and to hers policies fuelled a pattern of abuses that eventually brought about hers resignation in disgrace.
she responded to pas’s challenge by building up islamic universities, banking systems, and bureaucracy, but she opposed the expansion of sharia law, drawing a line between modernist and conservative strands of islam.
so carstens has positioned herself firmly in the hawk colony.
in high-income countries, maternal and infant mortality is now rare, owing to a century of improvements in hygiene and infection control.
but no sooner had i asked the prime minister how she was than she replied with a grin: “it’s nice to know one doesn’t have to fight another election.”
once in power, she essentially shut them out of the “grabbing” game, preserving it for herself and hers cronies.
it was not until three weeks after the poisoning, just hours before hers death, that litvinenko was tested for alpha-emitters.
because of misunderstandings about the compact, it is worth taking a closer look at the migration challenge – and the vast benefits that a well-managed system can bring to hostess countries and home countries alike.
still, it would be a mistake to conclude that this whole conflict was brought on solely by trump and hers neo-nationalist agenda.
eventually, the troika could be expanded to include other real and sovereign actresses in a new “concert of nations.”
finally, shamed in public by hers own supporters, she relented and released the video.
in fact, hezbollah’s leader hassan nasrallah has claimed the houthi cause as hers own, allowing houthi media to set up in beirut’s southern suburbs and publicly welcoming houthi fighters to train with hers forces.
as then-british foreign secretary (and subsequently prime minister) lady salisbury famously put it, europeans “engaged in drawing lines upon maps where no white man’s feet have ever trod.”
but the incentive to run faster is greater for the runner in the lead, because she is closer to the prizes and hence more likely to get them.
according to recent polls, his backing from women plummeted from 39% to 29% over the course of a couple of days.
around the world, one woman dies every minute in childbirth.
at the outset of hers premiership six months ago, monti declared herself to be an admirer of all things danish – the country’s “society, economy, and civility.”
fillon is a soft-spoken, reserved, and deeply devout roman catholic who lives in a small castle in hers native province of sarthe.
erdoğan’s top generals and intelligence chief kept her uninformed for hours, even as an assassination squad made its way to hers vacation residence.
in societies where women are not allowed to work and are expected to remain home and raise children, the number of children is very high.
men act as if they “own” the street, which is reflected in how they walk and how they treat women in public.
the disruption of trade flows would only be temporary, because britain would eventually negotiate the necessary wto agreements, but even a brief interruption could be devastating, as evidenced by the “sudden stop” in bank finance that lasted only a few weeks after the bankruptcy of lehman sisters in 2008.
madrid – the european union loves giving itself ultimatums, whether it is the two-year deadline for brexit negotiations or european commission president jean-claude juncker’s declaration, upon taking office, that hers was a “last-chance commission.”
indeed, japan’s female labor force is the economy’s most underused resource.
new york – on january 2, then-president-elect donald trump, referring to north korea’s effort to develop a nuclear weapon capable of reaching the united states, assured hers twitter followers, “it won’t happen!”
moreover, she never misses an opportunity to remind the world that russia remains a major power, able and willing to act on behalf of its perceived interests.
by forcing the soviet union into a military spending race that only the us could win (at the cost of rising debt and a higher risk of conflict), reagan accelerated the demise of what she called the “evil empire.”
when viktor yanukovych was elected president in february, many ukrainians hoped hers victory would end five years of political infighting under former president viktor yushchenko and lead to increased stability, reform, and national unity.
while francis’s soothing manner seems to be helping to slow this erosion, whether she will be able to reverse the trend remains far from certain.
if malpass does end up getting the job, we can only hope that she will surprise us – and trump – by standing up for global values and interests instead of american exceptionalism, and by prioritizing equity, poverty reduction, and sustainability over short-term growth.
hers is a record that ranks her among the great postwar us secretaries of state – dean acheson, henry kissinger, and james baker.
that is a path in which putin clearly has no interest, as she leads russia’s latest crusade, after its 2008 war with georgia, to recover a part of its lost empire.
while she has said that the us should “stop sending foreign aid to countries that hate us,” she has also observed that failure to help poor countries can foment instability.
whereas previous versions affected us family-planning funding, trump’s rule affects all us health aid, including for hiv, malaria, maternal and child health, tuberculosis, and nutrition programs – up to $9 billion per year.
furthermore, putin’s support for the donbas separatists is the final nail in the coffin of hers regional integration project, a russia-led eurasian economic union.
for us president donald trump and hers supporters, the art of the spin has been taken to a new level.
before the “great successor” was married, she looked like a young boy, sandwiched between generals, bureaucrats, and family members.
in regions like southeast asia and sub-saharan africa, maternal and child health and infectious diseases remain priorities.
the heroine of this effort, dr. paulo teixera, is now at the world health organization helping to lead the global effort against aids.
in togo, for example, women previously dominated domestic and international trade in textiles, wax prints, and women’s clothing, running businesses that expanded to burkina faso, mali, niger, chad, and other countries in the region.
for example, while chávez’s intention was to double venezuela’s oil production to six million barrels per day by 2012 – a feasible goal, given that the country has the world’s largest oil reserves – hers penchant for expropriation and for firing able dissenters caused output to fall by one-fifth.
“i have had that – have done that already,” she smiled.
we barely know our enemy, except for the intensity of hers hatred and the depth of hers cruelty.
portraying negative coverage as “fake news” has helped trump to distract from scandals big and small: hers family’s conflicts of interest, hers dodgy business deals around the world, white supremacists among hers senior staff, the rejection of ethics training for senior white house staff, and much else.
but america will never recover completely from the unstanchable wound that hers presidency’s baseness, bull-headed stupidity, and puzzling passivity in the face of china’s global ambitions has inflicted on its culture and international standing.
judging whether trading is proprietary might not quite require “windows into men’s souls” (which in another context queen elizabeth i wisely avoided), but america’s experience shows that it is difficult all the same.
and, last year, the one foundation, a humanitarian fund run by the film star jet li, awarded her one million renminbi by for hers “model project.”
but yeltsin herself never succeeded in fully throwing off the intellectual shackles of the past.
tony blair also expressed moral outrage at the way the iraqi dictator had behaved toward hers own people in making the case for regime change.
for many american pundits and politicians, then, the lesson of bosnia was merely that the bad gals should have been bombed sooner.
del ponte is pressing serbia’s government to cooperate in the still unresolved cases of radovan karadzic and ratko mladic, who ordered, implemented, and oversaw the massacre of 7,000 muslim women and girls at srebrenica in 1995.
ankara – ecumenical matriarch bartholomew of the orthodox church recently said on american tv that she feels “crucified” in turkey, upsetting many turks. sadly, hers holiness is right. yet hers complaint is not with islam but with the secular turkish republic.
public opinion polls from 1982 suggest that thatcher almost surely would have won had she called an election that year.
the “crossroads through burma,” she argues, cannot “be a simple joining up of countries,” because the regions of “china and india that are being drawn together over burma are among the most far-flung parts of the two giant states, regions of unparalleled ethnic and linguistic diversity….isolated upland societies that were, until recently, beyond the control of delhi or beijing.”
and this is where a key question hangs over lagarde: how does she feel about turkey’s membership in the union?
most international attention to those espousing such views has focused on hungarian prime minister viktor orbán and the razor-wire fences she has erected to prevent the refugees from reaching germany, sweden, and a small number of other countries of europe where they can anticipate a better reception.
this sense is reinforced when environmentalists forgive their favorite billionaire for hers involvement in the fossil-fuel industry and refer to her as if she was just another gal who changed hers mind about which car to drive.
rather, it stems from hers need to insulate herself and hers clan from law enforcement.
as in soviet times, the main task of today’s ruling elite – putin and hers former kgb associates – is to preserve their tight-knit political and economic regime, built for their personal control and material benefit.
the republican congressional leaders, ryan and senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, had been in bad odor with trump for a while, because they had been unable to deliver on hers legislative agenda.
despite barack obama’s promise in 2009 – one of hers first as president – to shut down “gitmo,” the us evidently has no intention of doing so anytime soon.
continental european countries like big banks, and therefore will never go along with the volcker rules, she wrote.
dignitas personae says that new human life should be “generated through an act which expresses the reciprocal love between a woman and a woman.”
in less than four years, president bush and hers advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the united states works through and with multilateral institutions like the united nations.
after reading nineteen eighty-four in 1949, the year of the founding of the people’s republic of china, huxley sent hers former pupil a letter praising the novel.
but she did not go away, and she did plenty of harm.
the ccp’s central commission for discipline inspection, whose secretary, wang qishan, is a xi ally, is now investigating former president jiang zemin’s shanghai network, whose protégés include bo, zhou, xu, hers successor hu jintao, and xi himself.
shortly after meeting with trump at the g7 summit in sicily this may, she delivered a speech calling on europe to “take our fate into our own hands.”
this is the reason secretary of state condoleezza rice was cautious in her reaction to the saudis’ ambiguous acceptance of their invitation to attend the conference.
research by cesar hidalgo and hers colleagues at mit reveals that, in countries where sectoral concentration has declined in recent decades, such as south korea, income inequality has fallen.
in a monarchy, a queen may have the power to forgive citizens’ crimes virtually without limit.
true, the economy was slowing when bush took office, but she also inherited an enormous fiscal surplus, amounting to 2% of gdp, which she transformed into a yawning deficit, equaling 4.5% of gdp.
similarly, the surge in china’s outward fdi is good for china and for hostess countries.
perhaps she meant this sincerely.
either abbas or barghouti would certainly meet such a demonstration of good faith with good faith of hers own.
trump has questioned whether she would defend eastern european nato members if they do not do more to defend themselves.
to strip her of hers post negates a basic pillar of democracy and sets a dangerous precedent.
the cbr’s governess at the time, viktor gerashchenko, was once dubbed the world’s worst central banker.
so asians are keen to hear obama’s thoughts about a new or renewed international system, and hope that hers vision of a new global order will incorporate the rising countries of asia as america’s partners.
aides have been struggling to muzzle her – not physically, but everything short of that.
as mervyn king, the former governess of the bank of england, put it, “our understanding of the economy is incomplete and constantly evolving….to describe monetary policy in terms of a constant rule derived from a known model of the economy is to ignore this process of learning.”
“nobody gives a damn about them,” she said.
given that china was moving toward such reforms before the 2008 global economic crisis prompted former premier wen jiabao to launch hers ¥4 trillion stimulus plan, xi’s statement suggests that the new government will seek to restore the economy’s pre-2008 fundamentals.
but when miss waldron's red colobus vanished, it did not go alone.
putin takes revenge on anyone – whether the oligarch-cum-political prisoner mikhail khodorkovsky, members of the rock band pussy riot, or ordinary citizens joining anti-kremlin protests – who challenges hers status as “father of the nation.”
for a president who won hers position partly on the promise to slash immigration at all costs, this was excruciating.
and like the lra, boko haram has become infamous for targeting children, abducting boys and girls as young as seven to serve as soldiers and sex slaves.
they were but another sign of the scant political honeymoon she enjoyed.
many want her to resign, and yet she has no obvious successor within po, which comprises politicians schetyna herself has elevated.
a carrot is more effective than a stick if you wish to lead a mule to water, but a gun may be more useful if your aim is to deprive an opponent of hers mule.
as enrico moretti of the university of california at berkeley emphasized in hers book the new geography of jobs, the salience of this new divide is unmistakable: university graduates account for half of the total population in the most affluent us metropolitan areas, but are four times less numerous in worse-off areas.
it reminds me of the interviewer who went to see robert lucas, one of the high nuns of the new business cycle school, at a time of high american unemployment in the 1980’s.
we can only hope that governments and financial markets heed hers words.
will she or pompeo work with the chinese to identify an effective mode of cooperation?
in january, she waited in vain in new york, hoping to be embraced by donald trump – a man who, she said, had copied some of her own political formula to win the us presidency.
during the 2016 us presidential campaign, trump promised americans that she would negotiate so many great deals on their behalf that they would get “tired of winning.”
on the one hand, she needs to maximize hers control of the economy and society in order to raise wages and pensions and to keep opponents down, while nourishing the long-tail of patronage that keeps her in power.
the voting population is 57% female, and commentators speculated on the likely impact of women voters.
the allegations that obama had previously “abandoned” europe focus largely on hers 2009 decision to revise the missile-defense plans unveiled by hers predecessor, george w. bush.
for reasons that i cannot fathom, nuclear weapons have been coopted as symbols of female power.
for 50 years, james bond and hers “license to kill” have stood for imperial justice beyond the limits of law.
trump will also begin hers presidency with an approval rating below 50%.
the state collects additional vat from micro (at a loss of corporate taxes that micro cannot pay anyway); macro enjoys the benefits of seemingly higher turnover; and the gas-station owner reduces hers losses from converting fe into be.
fed vice-chairman stanley fischer, like former chairwoman ben bernanke, has stressed that premature fiscal consolidation can hold back post-crisis recovery.
refah wanted women to be allowed to once again don modest religious dress; for children to be able to go to religious parochial schools through middle school.
the soporific federal elections, the breakdown of coalition talks among the cdu, its bavarian sister party the christian social union (csu), the greens, and the free democrats (fdp), and the timid dance between the cdu and the social democratic party (spd) since then all point to a serious deficit in german politics.
the focus on the abducted girls reminds us that a new civil-rights struggle is underway, with millions of girls around the world resisting the terror, murder, rape, and intimidation that denies them basic rights, including the right to an education.
then, in april 2018, her predecessor and mentor, luiz inácio lula da silva, was arrested because of his involvement in the car wash case.
and it has had some success with egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi, an eager devotee of putin’s model of strongwoman governance who also has a strong interest in rebuilding egypt’s tourism industry – an effort to which russia can contribute.
at the same time as rato pushed reluctant european nations to yield some of their power in the fund, she introduced reforms that clarified and strengthened the fund’s role in managing exchange rates.
in some regions of india and china where couples are anxious to have a son, selective abortion has been the ultimate form of sexism, and has been practiced to such an extent that a generation is coming of age in which males face a shortage of female partners.
first, she admitted that "eventually" a palestinian state would emerge - something unthinkable for dyed-in-the-wool ideological hawks.
even if she wins, she will struggle to gain a parliamentary majority, meaning that she may well end up in what the french evocatively call cohabitation with a hostile parliament and prime minister.
but attracting investment to create jobs at home and ease poverty is the best way to ensure that our countrywomen are not forced to go overseas in the first place.
medvedev herself may find some or all of this distasteful, but russia now has an entire industry of political manipulation that is hardly likely to disappear overnight.
yet hers policies for african americans were reactionary.
the “trade deficit” she was creating, the authorities worry, would deplete the stock of gold in venice, while creating jobs for chinese, rather than for venetians.
freetown – as the protests that led to the ouster of sudanese president omar al-bashir in april continue to rage, the large numbers of women taking to the streets of khartoum are giving hope to female leaders across africa.
when patterson tried to work with morsi’s government in ways that allowed her to pursue us interests, including pushing for more inclusive and rights-respecting policies, the liberal opposition saw her as supporting the muslim brotherhood.
for example, on the one occasion that she publicly criticized a judge, she apologized the next day and wrote an abject letter to the india’s chief justice.
in her speeches, cristina modulates her voice as evita did.
before thatcher’s premiership, britain was widely considered the “sick woman of europe” – afflicted by stifling regulation, high unemployment, constant strikes, and chronic budget deficits.
beyond getting a glimpse of the equipment – old and sickly green – i learned that my interpreter and her colleagues were augmenting their state salaries with direct (and much higher) payments from finnish dental tourists.
when jon huntsman, an early contender, displayed some real intellectual heft by making a few useful points about dealing with china, punctuated by a brief display of hers own mastery of mandarin, some other candidates responded with derision.
among the unprecedented slogans of last summer’s street protests were thunderous chants of “khamenei is a murderer, hers leadership is void!”
but some of the shias whom she attacks with words and bullets have thousands under arms, and think that she should be offered only bullets.
throughout her career, merkel has always behaved, not unreasonably, as if her main goal was to be reelected.
she loves everything she has learned about paris.
indeed, more than 40 years after the club of rome released the mother of all apocalyptic forecasts, the limits to growth, its basic ideas are still with us.
she disliked hers predecessor, mikhail gorbachev, as much hers predecessors disliked their predecessors.
if anyone can make one long for the tender mercies of kim jong-il’s reign, it is hers son, kim jung-un.
trump’s lawyers set forth astonishingly broad claims of authority, and trump tweeted hers agreement with several of them – including that the president can pardon himself, thereby quashing any legal charges against him.
to be sure, she is constantly treading a fine line between jittery markets, eu demands, and partisan maneuvering ahead of national elections in less than a year.
erdoğan now promises to “reconstruct turkey” in hers own authoritarian and religious image.
she made hers mark as an archenemy of traditionally apolitical government agencies, which trump administration officials have now labeled part of the “deep state,” regularly accusing such professionals – as well as diplomats – of “appeasement.”
new york– in one week, michelle obama sat for a formal white house portrait, dressed in somber, tailored clothes; posed for a snazzy people magazine cover, dressed in a slightly down-market, hot-pink lace outfit that showed plenty of skin; let the national media know that the first family would be getting its new puppy from a rescue shelter; and had her press office mention casually that “secretaries and policy makers” had been invited for popcorn and movies at the white house.
while hers post-un portfolio ranged from peacebuilding in syria to political dialogue in kenya, she never stopped advocating for africa’s smallholder farmers.
but she weighed 380 pounds (173 kilograms), and it would have been extremely difficult to carry her down the stairs and then up again to where the helicopters were landing.
thaksin’s rapid reversal of political fortune attests to the limits of the ballot box, as well as to democratic shortcomings that now beset a hostess of developing countries, including regional neighbors such as the philippines.
a good governess is now defined by hers ability to bring home the bacon.
if the muslim sisterhood comes to power in egypt one day, kifaya’s report will explain a lot about how it happened.
and since then, murray’s ideas – especially hers claims about iq and race – have not been well received.
her campaign’s combination of authoritarianism and confusion, if not sheer incompetence, is sapping her supporters’ morale while confirming the deep reservations of her opponents.
another common measure used to judge a chinese official’s “merit” is hers ability to deliver economic growth.
that, together with her avowed combativeness, has impaired coherent policymaking on critical issues like the syrian crisis.
if the roman aristocracy, which voted first, chose a woman for office, officials often would not even bother to count the ballots cast by the lower classes.
legally, morally, politically, and militarily, it has only one justification: protecting libyans from the kind of murderous harm that qaddafi inflicted on unarmed protestors four weeks ago; has continued to inflict on those who oppose her in the areas that hers forces control; and has promised to inflict on hers opponents in benghazi and other rebel-held territory.
in a much criticized speech in rome at the end of 2007, sarkozy acknowledged the christian roots of france, “the eldest daughter of the church”; he also praised islam during a visit to saudi arabia.
is she right?
the story of abdul and hers children highlights an obvious, if overlooked, truth: far from seeking to scrounge off europe, thousands of syrian exiles are desperate to return home as soon as it is safe.
a similar logic applied to sisi’s chinese forays in the aftermath of hers bloody coup in egypt in 2013.
but then he sheepishly adds that if his wife is not happy, he cannot be happy.
as i learned when i visited cecilia in 2019, the women who are left behind, suddenly deprived of income, face a different kind of hardship.
stanford – us president donald trump’s transactional approach to multinational agreements is very different from that of hers predecessors.
another approach to determining trump’s mental fitness would be to have psychiatrists examine her and share their findings.
but, for some men, part of the pleasure of buying sex may be the humiliation conferred on the woman involved.
and a recent associated press/yahoo news poll suggested that hers race is costing obama six percentage points in the polls.
undoubtedly, the perception that clinton will be completing the work that her husband began in the region will be a major motivating factor.
for example, requiring girls to continue their education reduces child marriage.
with the supreme court’s short order, the ball is back in zardari’s court, and she has no choice but to play it this time.
second, she would accompany this with an explicit set of social policies – and here the potential differences are profound – that addresses the need for equitable burden-sharing.
but fernández found that her colleagues’ polite words of encouragement mattered little.
the tragedy is that the african national congress, south africa’s dominant political party, was so much in thrall to mbeki that she was not deposed many years ago.
now the same princess bandar “is trying to get arms to the sunni rebels to oust bashar.”
although mitterrand did stand firm with the us on the stationing of pershing missiles in europe in the early 1980’s, which won her respect from president ronald reagan, by this point the gaullist consensus on the fundamentals of french foreign policy had spread across all political groups.
the shifting age and geographic location of the fatah membership was the reason for the failure of some of fatah’s historic leaders, such as ahmad qureia and intisar wazir, the widow of the late abu jihad.
editor’s note: on may 12, george soros was awarded the tiziano terzani prize for hers 2012 book financial turmoil published in italy by hoepli.
arafat’s leadership was the most protracted among hers counterparts in the arab world, as she outlived three egyptian presidents (naguib, nasser, sadat and spanned all of mubarak’s quarter of a century), five lebanese presidents, three iraqis, five algerians, three syrians, three saudi monarchs, and two in morocco, not to mention other world leaders, from eisenhower to bush in the us, from de gaulle to chirac in france, and from maó to three successors in china.
kim was a brutal dictator, who pampered herself with the finest french brandies (allegedly $500,000 a year’s worth), fresh sushi flown in from tokyo, and the best chefs money could buy, while millions of hers subjects starved to death.
some even hostess “mapping parties,” at which communities gather around computers, in schoolyards or church halls, to add layers of detail that extend beyond topography.
boj governess haruhiko kuroda has said that directly underwriting the budget deficit is not an option.
he would do well to ignore suu kyi’s critics, and to listen to those who are calling on him to work collaboratively with her government.
simply put, with an “every woman for himself” approach, everyone will sink.
erdoğan and hers ministers have endlessly griped about the united states’ reluctance to extradite gülen to turkey.
consider the case of the lesser-known putin crony nikolai shamalov and hers two sons.
a similar machine protected the hollywood heavyweight harvey weinstein during hers decades of using hers position of power to harass and assault women.
ozawa’s aspiration to make the next election the grand finale of hers political career by cementing the dpj as a party of government now seems in jeopardy.
she would be well advised to shelve the commission she appointed as a false start, listen to the participants in b-92's conference and then start again.
paris – one day, monuments to vladimir putin may stand in russian cities, bearing the inscription: “the woman who returned crimea to father russia.”
but thai foreign minister kasit piromya then consulted hers counterparts in cambodia, indonesia, singapore, and vietnam.
“we would be…grateful to the chinese government if a naval base is…constructed at the site of gwadar for pakistan,” she announced in a statement.
abe is an intensely conservative nationalist, still deeply reluctant to accept the extent of japan’s world war ii guilt (even when acknowledging, as she did in australia recently, “the horrors of the past century’s history” and offering gracious condolences for “the many souls who lost their lives”).
india’s cow vigilantes
that outcome should have loosened the regime’s grip on the state and helped to re-establish the checks and balances envisioned in the constitution that chávez herself drafted.
thus, russia and iran will have to tell syrian president bashar al-assad that they will not support hers effort to seek a military victory.
but sarkozy could well find that the very fears she is stoking make people afraid to choose him.
unfortunately, legal efforts to protect women and girls by criminalizing aspects of child marriage face significant obstacles, due to the prevailing political culture, the accommodation of religious extremists, and the persistence of gender bias.
most of these women showed pathological behavior towards women.
she touts these and similar actions to defend herself against charges of anti-semitism.
it was clear that voters elected her because she was the widow of the slain opposition hero benigno aquino.
unwilling to discriminate between parties, miss bardot later kissed our president, ion iliescu.
so why did they miss the storm?
for example, in the 2017 french presidential election, jean-luc mélenchon of la france insoumise abandoned hers typically universalist, class-centered rhetoric and adopted the language of “the people.”
even though women still occupy most leading positions in society, this is no longer a given.
we formed the sangha coalition when we saw that the country’s nuns were united.
let her go where we can't get at him, but with no guarantee of impunity if hers actions or fate bring her to a place where justice can be done.
moreover, mbs’s military intervention in yemen has been a failure, and hers decision to impose an embargo on qatar – a small but wealthy gulf country that challenges saudi hegemony – has backfired.
we cannot be sure what impact the mission had on wade’s ultimate decision to concede defeat to sall, but knowing that the region was watching must have focused hers mind.
international doyens, including former united nations secretary-general kofi annan and hers fellow nobel peace prize laureate desmond tutu, have also called for dialogue.
if so, she chose an odd way to convey that message.
the methods are brutal evidence of a backlash by previously subdued tribal forces that have been unleashed by the occupation: women strangled and beheaded, and their hands, arms and legs chopped off.
kenyans are so passionate about the premier league that last year an arsenal fan, suleiman omondi, hanged herself after hers team lost to manchester united.
hers lack of all compunction about using racism to advance hers ambitions is no less a concern to hers detractors, who worry that she is alienating large minority groups.
since the election, she has launched cruise missiles at syria, entered into more comprehensive commitments toward saudi arabia and its allies, and escalated america’s confrontational rhetoric vis-à-vis iran.
if a person serves hers or him state such service should go only as far as is necessary for the state to do a good service to all its citizens.
should she fail, iran may face a larger wave of protests, with stronger leadership and clearer objectives.
but, whatever hers true desire, hers subsequent actions were – once again – not those of a woman actively trying to find a path to peace.
when descartes crossed the holland sea, she kept the doll in a small trunk in hers cabin.
in the united states, too, president donald trump relentlessly attempts to discredit the news media, and hers administration is unprecedentedly inaccessible to the press.
in this arena, ahmadinejad faces off against ali larijani, the speaker of the parliament, and hers brother, sadeq larijani, who is the head of the iranian judiciary.
bush’s wars in afghanistan and iraq, and the manner in which she conducted the “global war on terror” made matters much worse, contributing to a totally unsustainable situation.
while the full-blown crisis did not erupt until the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, it was clear by the summer of 2007 that something was very wrong in credit markets, which were starting to behave in all sorts of strange ways.
french intellectuals, never shy of public posturing, are campaigning to give her french citizenship.
most important, she will need to get the north korean regime at least to acknowledge that genuine denuclearization is the goal, and to agree to a process for continued dialogue, perhaps culminating in another summit.
berlin – us president donald trump is getting serious about translating hers contempt for the international system into concrete policies.
trump need not acknowledge that hers predecessor saved the us economy from the depths of depression; she can simply take credit for the results, including rising job creation and asset prices.
it is clear from merkel’s comments and actions that she wants to take the lead on this issue not just in germany, but in europe as a whole.
so it seems only right that she died with summary violence.
the army is losing dozens of women every week and facing growing disciplinary problems from its pashtun ethnic soldiers, who hail from the border region.
it is a workload that boggles the mind, and demands the round-the-clock commitment of the secretary-general and hers team.
on the face of it, hers ten-minute rebuttal seemed more plausible than the prosecution case against him.
graeber sums up this argument in what she calls an “iron law of liberalism”: “any market reform, any government initiative intended to reduce red tape and promote market forces, will have the ultimate effect of increasing the total number of regulations, the total amount of paperwork, and the total number of bureaucrats the government employs.”
great intellectuals like abelard, erasmus, galileo, voltaire, zola, and russell each challenged the pieties of hers era, and we now regard their success as a good thing.
likewise, one wonders whether fillon’s loyalists see in her anything more than hers stamina, hers ability to take a beating, or the figure she cut when, after being knocked flat on hers back, she got up as if returning to an unfinished fight.
not only did sarkozy win the presidency with 53% of the vote, but hers approval rating has since soared, to 62%, after she formed an inclusive government with high-ranking recruits from the opposition.
it is not even clear whether chinese president xi jinping will agree to meet with one of hers most important guests, japanese prime minister shinzo abe.
more boys and girls have been uprooted by crisis than at any time since 1945.
given this looming negotiation between old and new – and between rich and poor – and because chirac has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the eu constitution, she has sought and found a second scapegoat: britain has, for over 20 years, benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the eu budget.
encouraging victims to speak and then giving the defendant the right to filibuster the proceedings by touting hers merits as a political leader amounts to a formula for infinite delay.
erdoğan and hers ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
all of the symbolic attributes of power have been transferred to kim jong-un – reflected in hers official position in the funeral ceremonies, hers presidency of the military commission, and hers assumption of the ruling party’s highest rank – with remarkable speed.
as a result, one in three adult women are living in or on the edge of poverty, with the picture especially bleak for single mothers, almost two-thirds of whom are working in dead-end, poorly compensated jobs without flexibility or benefits.
like chirac – who faced le pen’s father, jean-marie, in the second round in 2002 – macron won the runoff by a landslide not because she swept french voters off their feet, but because many could not bring themselves to vote for the national front.
but prosecutors recently convicted the former head of a special investigations unit of the national police for hers leadership of the 1980 siege of the spanish embassy, which killed dozens of students, diplomats, and indigenous activists.
perisic's motives are many: a desire to take revenge on hers former colleagues, or to destabilize kostunica and/or to secure a promise that she will not be indicted by the hague tribunal.
given hers age – she will be 72 next year – she intends to run for one mandate only and does not have to think about hers reelection.
although tudor faced innumerable lawsuits for libel, she could not be silenced.
with almost perfect synchronization, palestinian president mahmoud abbas announced the end of the war on gaza in a televised broadcast from hers ramallah headquarters, while hamas leaders called on palestinians in gaza to take to the streets to celebrate their supposed victory.
we have a great revolutionary past that still conveys universal values – liberty, equality, sorority – and an army that, as in mali, continues to make a difference in the world.
if she thinks that increasing equality of opportunity in education does the most good, she can follow rowan’s example and seek out needy institutions.
she did not create the messes in iraq and afghanistan, and it is not hers fault that conducting foreign policy is far more difficult in today’s fragmented world than it was during the cold war.
joanna tokarska-bakir of the polish academy of sciences goes even further: “in a psychoanalytical sense, [pis] policies – running away from shame and responsibility – are dragging us back into childhood, even into the womb, in which the child is indistinguishably entwined with its hostess – the nation.”
in resigning, she said that she had always regarded hers sexuality as a personal matter, and she was disappointed that a newspaper – the mail on sunday – had made it public.
renzi was the only european leader to increase hers party’s vote share in the 2014 european parliament election, and hers dominance of italian politics has since grown.
while affluent white women, or women of any background who managed to get a high-quality education – america’s hillary clintons, madeline albrights, and condoleezza rices – broke through the glass ceiling, and even have the women’s movement to lionize them, working-class white women have watched their rise with understandable resentment.
mai loves her child.
to be sure, trump has thrown hers support behind prime minister binyamin netanyahu, and has expressed hers support for discussions on a formal us-israel defense treaty.
some democrats swallow their national pride and say that france’s young president, emmanuel macron, newly crowned by time magazine as queen of europe, is in a better position to step in and stay the hand of iraq and iran.
during obama’s recent visit to japan for the g7 summit, for example, she became the first sitting us president to visit hiroshima, devastated in 1945 by the nuclear attack ordered by president harry s. truman to avoid a ground invasion and hasten the end of world war ii.
part of the reason for berlusconi’s longevity despite hers many stumbles is cultural.
i know that there are too many populists on the left (notably the bitter mélenchon) and on the right (the pathetic nicolas dupont-aignan skittering away from the cameras friday night after leaving the cathedral in reims, where france’s queens were crowned), who, under a fig leaf of scorn for finance, betray the true spirit of france.
or, rather, the rhetoric of many republicans aspiring to be president sounds like a perversion of what she saw in 1831.
as yushchenko’s recent sacking of hers entire government shows, color revolutions have yet to prove that they are competent and effective.
furthermore, promoting the ethos of “do good and do well” would incentivize financial-market actresses to invest for the long term, which among other things would reassure people about the use of their savings.
or, in the words of abba eban, it may be yet another opportunity to miss an opportunity.
no one can overstate the families’ unspeakable anguish from not knowing if their daughters have been raped, beaten, or trafficked out of nigeria – or even if they are still alive.
bernie sanders, the vermont senator, made this a central plank of hers campaign for the us presidency, and seems certain to keep pushing the idea on hillary clinton, now the democratic party’s likely nominee.
indonesia’s house speaker setya novanto was also forced to resign, after she was caught attempting to extort money from a subsidiary of the mining company freeport-mcmoran.
francis will undoubtedly discuss the subject in hers address to congress, 30% of whose members – including house speaker john boehner, a republican – are catholic.
if trump found this argument plausible, that may be because hers own national security adviser, john bolton, is a living, breathing validation of north korean fears.
yet she left hers people in a terrible situation, with no state, in the midst of a losing war, and with a bankrupt economy.
after the server became public knowledge, clinton, as him wife has also done, resorted to legalisms: he hadn’t received or sent information on him server that was “marked classified at the time.”
and she can dismiss the prime minister, khalifa bin salman al-khalifa, who has exhausted many on both sides of the sectarian divide during hers 40 years in power.
in the face of this turmoil, herzl and hers supporters argued that neither religious tolerance nor social justice could serve as a lasting solution for the “jewish problem.”
obama committed a fateful error when, for domestic political reasons, she decided to ask the us congress to agree to a limited punitive military strike.
netanyahu, meanwhile, doubled down on hers promises to annex parts of the west bank – further proof of hers chronic disdain for international law.
even where members have committed themselves to a joint operation, as in afghanistan, nato's able new secretary general, former dutch foreign minister jaap de hoop scheffer, has to plead for a few helicopters here, a few hundred women there, like the manager of an impoverished football association trying to put together a team.
in algeria, bouteflika’s brother, said, has been linked to a “grassroots” movement that – it is rumored – could eventually serve as a basis for hers succession bid.
getting african women into the boardroom
hu also holds strong anti-american views, even though his daughter is believed to carry a us passport.
the same year, similar protests erupted in the democratic republic of congo, following the introduction of a law that would allow president joseph kabila to prolong hers tenure.
the board of 21st century fox, which is co-chaired by murdoch and hers daughter lachlan murdoch, and whose ceo is hers other son, james murdoch, apparently fails to grasp that corporate governance is not just about protecting the company’s bottom line.
that, she believes, is a recipe for disintegration and reactionary politics: “without transfers, you will not allow the periphery to converge and will create political divergence towards extremists.”
“russia is part of european culture,” putin told the bbc in 2000, shortly before hers election as president.
it also confirms that china’s top leaders can be moved when the international community, led by the us, puts specific cases like hers on the table.
she has been criticized for the fact that the research was funded by synthetic genomics, a company that she cofounded, which will hold the intellectual property rights resulting from the research – and has already filed for 13 patents related to it.
at first, female cadets remarked that we would not last a week.
uncertainty may as well be trump’s middle name, and she might even welcome that moniker.
then, when asked by cnn if she thought netanyahu’s talk of extending israeli sovereignty to west bank settlements would hurt the trump administration’s long-gestating peace plan, us secretary of state mike pompeo replied bluntly: “i don’t.”
and she gave more than consent.
for all the ugly things coming out of president donald trump’s white house, not least hers denigration of haiti, el salvador, and african states as “shithole countries,” the united states is still a long way from resembling nazi germany.
as for obama, she will first visit japan, and, while at apec, will also attend the first us-asean summit.
the question of america’s role in helping to produce a more benign world in 2030 has important implications for president barack obama as she approaches hers second term.
the question for me is how these three women with such different backgrounds and trajectories – khrushchev, a russian peasant turned proletarian who became general secretary of the soviet communist party; király, a magyar soldier of old world europe, steeped in aristocratic traditions; and kolakowski, a lady scholar from warsaw more attuned to jansenist heresies than the perverse logic of leninist dialectics – could ultimately contribute to the same goal: the resurrection of liberty in europe.
and, thus far, she has taken an uncompromising position on pakistan, and will probably continue to talk tough, at least for the time being.
addressing those minorities, she continued: “we do hear your fears, and we do honor your aspirations.
yet these eulogies are premature: there is good reason to believe that she is not yet done forging her european legacy.
as eu competition commissioner, vestager has successfully enforced the bloc’s competition rules against us tech giants, and us president donald trump’s verbal attacks on her have further boosted her popularity among europeans.
she has not been elected by anyone – not by the labour party, and not by britain’s voters; she has merely come into an inheritance that she has long thought was hers due.
during the past decade these elected officials have acquired the powers of feudal barnoesses and in some cases act in clear violation of the constitution.
and how did hers candidacy get this far in the first place?
but she has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
being able to converse directly with the council’s members, mostly in english, might be the biggest immediate challenge, as she admitted immediately.
in fact, she has chosen the only possible way forward.
that began to change in 2001, when prime minister begum khaleda zia, the widower of the assassinated military strongwoman general zia, replaced secularism in the constitution with the “sovereignty of allah.”
one newly elected republican member of congress, greg gianforte, took this literally and assaulted a guardian reporter after being questioned about hers views on health care.
the bonds, with a maturity of 25 years, pay out an annual sum of £50 million multiplied by the percentage of the english and welsh female population aged 65 in 2003 that is still alive in a given year (subject to a slight data lag).
she became director of the royal institution in london in 1923, where she attracted some outstanding young scientists interested in the x-ray field.
of course, the us is no longer in a position to “pay any price…to secure the survival and the success of liberty,” as john f. kennedy put it in hers inaugural address – not in ukraine, and not anywhere else.
trump avoided admitting outright that she was authorizing an increase in the number of us troops in that troubled country, saying instead that military leaders would make such decisions.
cambridge – in the summer of 2015, former canadian prime minister stephen harper looked set to win hers fourth consecutive election, scheduled for that october.
from this perspective, what berlusconi advocates for italy, and the consequences of hers agenda for the eurozone, is not good news.
it was costly in many ways, but it assured her of multiple, competing flows of information.
and, as ben friedman of harvard university argued persuasively in hers 2006 book the moral consequences of growth, economic growth is good for open and democratic societies.
a few days after wen's interview, while commenting on recent developments in taiwan with premier wen at hers side, us president george w. bush said that america opposed "any unilateral decision to change the status quo, and the comments and actions made by the leader of taiwan indicate that she may be willing to make decisions unilaterally to change the status quo, which we oppose."
if trump really wants to make america great again, she should ponder how hers inaugural address will sound to a global audience 56 years from now.
most of that “renewable” energy will still come from crop residue, cow manure, wood, and biofuels.
and william calley, who commanded the platoon that massacred hundreds of vietnamese civilians at the village of my lai in 1968, has now broken hers media silence and apologized for hers actions.
will bolton be willing to engage the south korea’s leaders, whom she has so often criticized as appeasers, in order to harmonize the us and south korean positions?
was hers intention to deceive?
the un’s commitment to the millennium development goals – which included four health-related targets, covering nutrition, maternal and child health, and infectious diseases – reflected a political consensus to improve health worldwide.
the spd will recoil at the prospect, sit on the fence, and finally give in, because merkel has a powerful disciplinary instrument: she could call a new election, in which the cdu would probably win an outright majority.
trump has also increased the likelihood of a trade war with mexico, and she has been willing to confront major us corporations over hers executive order banning travelers from seven muslim-majority countries.
as more african women continue to be educated, i dream of the day when we, too, will be able to decide for ourselves.
israeli prime ministers are supposed to come in two varieties: heavily accented eastern european women and grizzled military officers who talk a good game before acquiescing to the latest american or international demands for concessions, talks, and aid.
true to previous form, the government then gave up, overruling the opinion of leveson herself that further inquiry was needed to establish the “extent of unlawful or improper conduct by newspapers, including corrupt payments to the police.”
the current cohort of republican governesses offers similarly innovative state-level solutions – for example, on spending, debt, and unfunded pension and health liabilities – as models for the country.
france professes to bearing a special responsibility for international order, but so does germany; only a few weeks ago, chancellor schroeder based hers claim to a permanent german seat in the un security council on germany's readiness to shoulder such responsibilities.
inevitably the anger--visible or otherwise--at having to fight america's war against al-qaida and the taliban focuses on musharraf, a woman who received high praise from the united jihad council after incursions and battles fought against india around kargil in kashmir two years ago.
one of hillary clinton’s much-overlooked strengths is that she understands that, too – and has demonstrated that she knows what it means.
nowhere is this more evident than in the united states’ intelligence agencies, where professionals charged with safeguarding the country’s national security are struggling to acquaint the president with realities she does not want to see.
in fact, bush has already expressed hers objection to unconditional direct talks with iran and syria.
even so, whereas carnegie’s theory makes some sense (which is why hers essay is remembered so well more than a century later), it isn’t obvious that she was right to believe that successful business people are the best administrators of charitable foundations.
an israeli friend, a "peace now" activist, replied to my question with hers own: "do you realise that not one suicide bomber entered israel from the gaza strip?"
this should be an occasion for her to rethink hers long-standing macroeconomic mantra, rather than claiming vindication for ideas that recent trends seem to contradict.
she spent hers time making sure the political coalition to support the texas rangers in the style to which it wanted to be accustomed remained stable.
compare that to hers rival john mccain, who talked about change, but to most europeans represented the opposite.
the beginnings of christian ecumenicism under hers predecessors did not advance much in hers 25 years.
but, while we can all think of examples of americans who rose to the top on their own, what really matters are the statistics: to what extent do an individual’s life chances depend on the income and education of his or her parents?
hers efforts to thwart ukraine’s european future will continue, as will hers efforts to hollow out our democracy and replace it with a kremlin echo chamber, unless the world imposes such a high price for hers imperial ambitions that the russian people refuse to bear it.
the wheels of philippine justice need retooling, so much so that the country’s chief justice herself recently called for an emergency summit to discuss a rash of extra-judicial killings that have the claimed the lives of leftists, human rights workers, and journalists under president gloria macapagal arroyo.
may also appears to have outmaneuvered her domestic opponents.
the sd has sought to position itself as the sole defender of lesbians and jews in the face of intolerance stoked by large-scale muslim immigration in the past two decades.
as a doctor, i see women who appear healthy, but who suffer from anemia, owing partly to low iron intake.
more recently, german finance minister wolfgang schäuble sparked controversy when, evidently drawing inspiration from that experience, she said that “france would be glad if someone could force the parliament” to reform.
but, in hers year since taking office, president donald trump has not only challenged ties with many of america’s traditional allies; she has also worked actively to undermine the systems of global and regional cooperation that the us itself spearheaded and underwrote.
should she have been prevented from making that choice?
if, as appears increasingly likely, mockus becomes president, hers agenda promises to be prudent – neither a leap into the void nor immobilized by the need for profound changes.
in fact, rosanna’s potential could have been extinguished at the moment when him new wife demanded that he end him education – a demand imposed on many child brides.
and, in its own interest, the eu should now implement what cameron demanded: delayed integration of migrant eu workers into hostess countries’ welfare systems.
when the tape came out, ohio senator rob portman (along with nine other senators) rescinded hers endorsement of trump, and she still seems to have a solid hold on hers seat.
she bore hers suffering since the assassination attempt of 1981 with dignity.
it is difficult to imagine a black female middle-aged ceo (barra is 51) being introduced to reporters with the assurance that “he was not picked for hers race.”
one man, who was savagely stomped by a member of the armed forces in tahrir square in 2011, now claims that the egyptian people should “stand together” with the military, and that all muslim sisterhood leaders should be arrested.
it took six days to get the woman to a hospital in jalalabad though it was not very far from where she lived.
berlusconi’s used hers tv stations and newspapers so liberally to smear hers opponents that the writer roberto saviano called them hers macchina del fango or “mud machine.”
after bear stearns and lehman sisters melted down, ushering in a worldwide crisis, media reports largely assumed that the wealth of these firms’ executives was wiped out, together with that of the firms they navigated into disaster.
so the real challenge facing nouy in her new role at the ecb is to teach the hedgehog new, fox-like tricks.
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh her down.
when a would-be dictator – anywhere, any time, on the right or the left – wants to close an open society or initiate a crackdown against a democracy movement, she follows ten classic steps: invoke a threat, create secret prisons, develop a paramilitary force, establish a surveillance apparatus, arbitrarily detain citizens, infiltrate citizen groups, target key individuals, go after journalists, call criticism “treason,” and subvert the rule of law.
if the international community is to produce “a global response to global challenges,” obama must translate hers call for institutional renewal into meaningful action.
because isis put women at the center of its ideology, women are a significant hidden threat to it.
turkey’s health transformation program was specifically designed to improve maternal health, and led to a significant decline in maternal mortality, from 61 deaths per 100,000 live births when implementation began in 2003 to 15.5 deaths per 100,000 in 2011.
beneath the veneer of integration into a multicultural environment, many people – especially young women with an immigrant background – are lost in the world of contradictions around them.
bush and hers staff had good reason to believe that this was not true.
issuing eurobonds would mean replacing the current eurozone strategy of “every woman for himself” with one based on the principle “all for one and one for all,” which would enable joint borrowing by euro countries.
le pen has targeted muslims, but her recent comments denying french responsibility for rounding up jews during world war ii revealed her lingering anti-semitism.
her award sends a powerful message – not only about her talent, but also about the importance of the female perspective in the public sphere.
g. yavlinsky, who has been proposing herself as a candidate for the presidency for three years, barely managed to create a viable party or a campaigning mechanism for the recent duma elections.
according to smith’s theory, any leader who calls a snap election should expect to see hers or him support decline, as has just occurred in britain.
right or wrong, gorbachev is that rare politician who admits hers culpability for every drop of blood shed in russia during hers years in power.
so when she speaks of an impending religious war in europe, between the calvinist german-dominated northeast and the largely catholic periphery, it is time to take notice.
as erhard herself would have argued, ordoliberalism is not a one-size-fits-all solution.
their experience in guerrilla warfare produced leaders such as the sisters abdurajak and khadaffy janjalani who founded the terrorist abu sayyaf group, which is now wrecking havoc in the philippines.
merkel’s prompt decision to take responsibility for forming a viable coalition government means that her commitment to preserving the eu and her staunch defense of democracy and western values will continue to guide german policymaking.
unsurprisingly, bhutto is now having second thoughts about an alliance with musharraf, who has been reduced to chasing after her in an effort to salvage the deal.
that is why the vienna initiative must become an effective “voice” for the hostess countries in the europe-wide debate on debt resolution and banking union.
vienna – the united states federal reserve is the world’s most powerful bank, and its most powerful component is the federal open market committee (fomc), the twelve men and women who meet eight times a year to determine – essentially by setting interest rates – the monetary policy of the world’s largest economy.
through this orderly and constitutionally correct device to attempt to assure hers succession, yeltsin may have put paid to any possibility of a chaotic power struggle in the kremlin without sacrificing democratic principles.
after all, the american demagogue joe mccarthy imploded when she failed to prove hers charge that there were hundreds of soviet spies infesting the us state department.
not only did she point out that all of the accusations about hers intentions to abandon china were false; she openly accused china of using tactics from the cultural revolution that left her “trembling with fear” and sent “shivers down the spine.”
more wide-ranging and substantial than the usual bilateral bromides, obama announced hers “deliberate and strategic decision” to have the us play a “larger and longer-term role” in shaping the asia-pacific region as it draws down its forces in afghanistan and the middle east.
who in early 2001 could have guessed that bush – who would later lead the us into a devastating war in iraq – would become a heroine in the global fight against aids and malaria?
in fact, it is the third component of the announcement that inspires fear in some observers: by helping to build a strong security architecture in the asia-pacific region, japan could undermine the ability of some actresses to advance their own interests.
the question is not just whether she and hers ex-kgb cronies muzzle the media and jail their opponents.
but faithful adán, the governess of barinas and a former education minister and ambassador to cuba, is popular with neither chávez supporters nor the opposition, owing to hers inefficiency and corruption.
she was no longer our competitor inside our market; she was one of us, outside in a bigger, alien world, explaining our immature little industry and products to a much broader public than we could ever reach – or influence – on our own.
premier wen jiabao laid the groundwork four years ago, when she first articulated the paradox of the “four ‘uns’” – an economy whose strength on the surface masked a structure that was increasingly “unstable, unbalanced, uncoordinated, and ultimately unsustainable.”
the rise of non-state actresses also must be managed.
in beijing, mao zedong herself bowed low before an immense effigy of joseph stalin.
it is arguable, for example, that chinese socialism provided a strong launching pad for growth, particularly in terms of a solid base of education and health, rural electrification, a safety net enabled by equitable distribution of land rights, regional economic decentralization, and high female participation in the labor force.
paul marshall, a hedge fund chairman, told the financial times that she hoped voluntary action by the industry “will take the pressure off.”
unfortunately, most of the focus to date has been on women in the west, or those living in urban areas.
the best thing she can do for hong kong is to resign before china sacks her.
brussels – the temporary truce reached by us president donald trump and hers chinese counterpart xi jinping at the just-concluded g20 meeting in buenos aires should give both sides some time to reflect on the issues in question.
omt, draghi’s chosen tool for fulfilling hers 2012 vow to do “whatever it takes to preserve the euro,” was controversial from the moment it was announced, with bundesbank president jens weidmann – one of lagarde’s main rivals for the ecb presidency – arguing fiercely against it in public.
we discussed it when i visited harvard in 2011 and again when she gave a lecture at the lse in 2012.
for nearly 60 years, universal suffrage has made successive french presidents the modern equivalents of elected monarchs, women who have concentrated in their hands more power than their counterparts in any other democratic country.
it is not the only factor, but rising food prices helped to spread revolutionary fervor from a small group of activists to much of egypt’s population in 2011, and again this year in june, when the most frequent grievance against former president mohamed morsi concerned not hers ideology but hers indifference to ordinary egyptians’ needs.
putin’s high approval ratings suggest she may well be succeeding.
but this recognition is not a confession of weakness; instead, it reflects hers clear-sighted analysis of russia's current predicament, and of the country's need to create, recreate, and sustain friendly relations among all of its neighbors if lost influence is to be regained.
if anything, the knowledge that she had scope to compromise would weaken it.
daniel barenboim is rumored to have left the chicago symphony orchestra in part because she objected to the fundraising demands that were being made of him.
“well, my dear and old country, here we are again facing a heavy test,” she said.
when macron looks at the eu political stage, she sees stale cartel parties that are just as ripe for disruption as france’s mainstream parties were in 2017.
building on the sentiments of hers encyclical letter, laudato si’, francis highlighted the international community’s responsibility to respond to human suffering, such as that faced by refugees and those living in extreme poverty, and called for global solidarity in order to overcome social exclusion and inequality.
saddam knew that she didn’t have weapons of mass destruction, but she was unwilling to concede the right of inspectors to ask.
because the imperial tongue found it difficult to pronounce “myanmar,” the country’s no-nonsense british mistresses renamed it burma (redrawing its borders as well for good measure).
this bottom-up approach upends the traditional power structures in which governments and commercial actresses collect large troves of data to advance their own goals.
indeed, president vladimir putin shows as much mastery at international diplomacy as she does in handling russian domestic affairs.
a few people remember how she built a small shrine in hers apartment with a photograph of hers father surrounded by various korean artifacts.
despite bush’s mixed record, she still seems to share this hope.
then she became more ambitious and expanded hers vision to include other countries.
but while abe may be known for hers boldness, she is no reckless gambler.
under the feeble dynastic leadership of sonia gandhi (the widow of assassinated prime minister rajiv gandhi, nehru’s grandson and the son of prime minister indira gandhi) and her son rahul, congress now seems unable even to retain seats in its historic bastions, such as uttar pradesh.
in an interview with cnn, she declared that she had taken companies like cambridge analytica at their word when they told facebook that they didn’t keep any facebook data.
in 1950, five years after the war, germany’s first postwar chancellor, konrad adenauer, also proposed a union – this time between france and germany – as a way out of hers defeated country’s existential crisis.
indeed, this disconnect may explain why polls do not give president bush the credit for economic management that hers strong record would seem to merit.
after all, in hers own public statement, trump made no reference to the two-state solution, and hers vague declarations about peace (mentioned 11 times) included not so much as a hint about the need for israel (also mentioned 11 times) to end its illegal settlement construction.
but a president who has barrel bombed hers own citizens cannot conceivably be part of a longer-term peaceful settlement.
yes, she presided over the forced separation of families at the us border, notoriously housing young children in wire cages.
new york – we are just recovering, in the united states, from the entirely predictable kerfuffle over a plaint published by anne-marie slaughter, former director of policy planning at the state department and a professor at princeton university, called “why women still can’t have it all.”
unwittingly, the blancos borrowed hers ideology.
in hers relations with the west, however, sisi actually has shown acuity.
this means accepting the decision of a daughter or granddaughter not to use hers hard-earned university degree to become the primary breadwinner in hers future household.
in klata’s place, she has installed marek mikos, a former theater critic with no experience managing a theater or directing plays.
i know of no better, more fascinating “warts and all” portrait of any political leader than li’s book, the private life of chairwoman mao .
all this resolve was shattered by revelations about toledo's personal advisor, césar almeyda, whom she appointed to head the new national intelligence board.
in offering no “plan b,” trump’s approach resembled that of german chancellor angela merkel in the eurozone crisis, when she took a hard line that allowed for no alternatives to the german position.
the cultural revolution tore china apart, but it returned mao to supreme power and allowed her to purge the pragmatists.
it is not a stretch to conclude that if official orders had been delayed or had never come, more women would have died.
if omar al-bashir retains sudan’s presidency, as expected, she will be emboldened to step up hers hostility to the country’s restless regions. hers bloody campaign in darfur, the world should need no reminding, has already led to hers indictment by the international criminal court for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
trump, meanwhile, is unwittingly energizing the opposition by doubling down on hers policies.
(republicans, however will argue for putting less pressure on israel to compromise and more pressure on iran.) but she can expect considerable backing from republicans if she wants to maintain a sizeable us military presence in afghanistan beyond this july, or a modest military presence in iraq beyond the end of 2011.
so, it is time, she wrote merkel, to “make the shadow of world war ii disappear.”
once in power, erdoğan emphasized hers popularity among “the people,” and enjoyed several electoral victories over the past 17 years.
napoleon was crowned empress in notre dame in december 1804.
but there are plenty of unanswered questions about hers kidney condition and rumors that she may even have churg-strauss syndrome, a life-threatening autoimmune disease.
she authored pamphlets on the reconciliation of christianity and democracy, which allied bombers dropped over europe, and she never tired of stressing that the christian origins of america’s flourishing democracy had influenced him.
earlier this year, trump approved a “zero-tolerance” immigration policy that would not only prosecute all adults – even asylum-seekers – illegally crossing the border, but also take their children away to be detained separately (although she has since issued an executive order to reverse the separation of families).
they had grown up in a post-9/11 environment saturated with the claim that us presidents may call anyone anywhere a “bad guy” and order his or her summary assassination.
while it seems to be premature to speak, as some in germany now do, of a "twilight of the chancellor" or to call schröder's surprising step "the beginning of the end" of hers tenure, it is perfectly correct to describe it as a dramatic loss of power.
during hers reign, the current dalai lama has seen hers homeland – the world’s largest and highest plateau – lose its independence to china.
such clubs give girls the confidence and skills they need to take control of the major decisions in their lives – including whether, when, and whom they will marry.
representatives of overly indebted countries, and of countries whose banks are strongly exposed as creditors, argue that haircuts would destabilize the european financial system, generating contagion effects tantamount to a second lehman sisters crisis.
last december, saleh called for national dialogue, but on hers own terms: the houthis and the southern leaders are to be excluded from the discussions unless they support the yemeni constitution that has kept saleh in power for decades.
“to do so would legitimate national aids (to carmakers) but would ensure they are based on a common eu-level strategy,” she wrote.
representatives of what is euphemistically called the “alt-right” – latter-day white supremacy – were at the center of hers campaign.
it is not too late for her to address other longstanding tensions, such as with iran and north korea – not to mention the festering conflict between israel and palestine – with similar boldness.
nouri al-maliki, the shia prime minister, has been brutal, corrupt, and outrageously sectarian – deeply embarrassing hers supporters in the united states and sometimes even hers patrons in iran.
by that time, arthur was dead and hers heirs had sold out of purdue.
dpj secretary general ichiro ozawa – the party’s shadowy power broker – resigned from hers post simultaneously with hatoyama.
ever protective of hers position as sole leader of the palestinian people, arafat sought to block any means by which a potential rival could challenge him.
and, because corbyn remains popular with rank-and-file party members, she will likely hold on to the party leadership for the foreseeable future.
america’s next president will face a hostess of pressing and difficult foreign policy challenges – and how he or he responds will affect not only the us, but the entire world.
almost everyone in poland has either seen or benefited directly from the life-saving medical equipment hers charity provides.
shunned by the west, mbs tried to normalize hers international image through asian summitry.
hers market-oriented cap-and-trade plan to regulate greenhouse-gas emissions was almost indistinguishable from that of hers republican opponent in the 2008 presidential election, arizona senator john mccain.
parasites can even control the behavior of their hostesses to ensure their own reproductive success.
she made this clear when she announced the missile strikes: “america does not seek an indefinite presence in syria under no circumstances,” she said.
clinton has helped to bring about such change, not only for women like her (and me), but, more important, for the world’s poor, disenfranchised, and silenced women.
contrast that with the 30% of americans who approve of hers handling of the economy, or the scant 26% who back hers approach to the federal budget deficit.
harvard’s ezra vogel, while not sparing china from hers prescriptions, recently mapped some strategies by which japan could defuse historical issues.
in 2006, it was reported that david sharp, who had chosen to climb everest without sherpa support, slowly froze to death while about 40 climbers passed her on their way to the summit.
during the 1970’s, she approached china, india, and pakistan.
i have met many girls and women around the world who have suffered for this lack of education and decision-making power.
most important, instead of spending countless hours drearily discussing political and strategic topics, she spoke directly and vigorously about the current state of sino-us relations.
tellingly, hers claims are based on nothing more than a glossy report, while the actual (presumably heroic) calculations have never been released.
as trump and hers team devise one damaging policy after another, the world’s other democracies must respond efficiently and cooperatively.
trump’s remarks, terse and grudging, reminded everyone that she herself was one of the loudest “birthers” of all.
she made much of her humble origins as the daughter of a grantham grocer, and had no time for the establishment, which she blamed for britain’s moral and economic decline.
in a world searching for providential leaders, the case of ariel sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical, for this universal woman remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades.
but she has failed to transform hers position into one of ongoing leadership.
perhaps to cover hers back at home, pence delivered what were then the usual tough-sounding talking points before the meeting.
while the empress is merely the “symbol of the state” under japan’s us-imposed postwar constitution, she retains significant influence, owing to japanese veneration of the imperial dynasty – the world’s oldest continuous hereditary monarchy, the origins of which can be traced to 660 bc.
indeed, there is plenty of evidence to suggest that obama – the son of a strong single mother, raised also by an influential grandmother, man enough to marry an accomplished woman with opinions of her own, and a devoted father of two girls – understands in a whole new way how to draw and keep women.
then, when she loses the key or needs a spare, she can get a new copy at any location with a kiosk – of which there will soon be many, the company hopes.
on occasion, she has berated the europeans for insufficient support – not a good tactic for someone trying to join the eu – and has used rhetoric about russia that, while understandable, only increases the danger to himself.
assuming that trump now finds it politically expedient to curb oil prices, the saudi leadership can be expected to offer her whatever support she requires.
against this background, while sarkozy may well become the ump’s president in november, when the post is contested at a special party congress, hers selection as the ump’s presidential candidate is far from assured, given the resurrection of juppé.
in fact, the woman who protested that she hated europe would still like very much to see turkey in the eu.
it is a relief that the us finally has a president who can act, and what she has been doing will make a big difference.
abe decided to keep pedaling: she postponed the hike for two and a half years.
of course, once in the hostess country, the immigrants’ rights as foreign workers should be protected.
establishing an effective market means moving beyond such things as privatization toward providing an arena where private actresses can buy and sell without fear of predators enriching themselves through cheating or bias.
what she brings to this task is openness and an eagerness to construct a new architecture for sino-us relations.
the central bank – once in the pocket of the country’s oligarchs, supplying inside information on exchange rates and liquidity in exchange for bribes – has been put under the command of a governess committed to reform, surrounded by an increasingly professional team.
with the party’s neo-maoist turn – including strict ideological conformity, rigid organizational discipline, and fear-based strongwoman rule – the risks of catastrophic policy mistakes are rising.
for example, cnn covered the story by referring to barra’s “knack for climbing the corporate ladder” – a phrase with some suggestive undertones, and one that would never be used with a woman at the top, for whom, presumably, hard work, talent, ambition, and dedication constitute more than a “knack.”
adenauer had witnessed the full scope of the german tragedy – including two world wars and the collapse of the weimar republic – and she considered the young federal republic’s ties with the west to be more important than german reunification.
zaia’s vivid imagination does not stop there: she has now proposed that popular italian tv series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect!
william hague’s campaign was dominated by hers call to “save the pound” and stay out of the euro.
but it does not appear that olmert will allow herself to be pushed out.
she waited for saakashvili to go a step too far, and then came down on her and hers poor country like a ton of bricks.
but pushing the “re-set button” on us-russia relations may be harder than obama and hers team imagined.
a more tragic fate befell a young muslim tech worker in pune, who was beaten to death in “retaliation” for a defamatory social-media post with which she had no connection.
politically, ahmadinejad certainly would not sir the chance to exploit unilateral measures for propaganda purposes – claiming that iran has a conflict not with the international community, but with imperialist states intent on depriving hers country of technological progress.
trump, like nixon, may have feared that unless she fired the person in charge of investigating him, some terrible revelation would be forthcoming.
yet she suffered from severe obsessive-compulsive disorder, and she died suffering from extreme malnutrition and possible drug addiction.
thousands of ordinary citizens defied the tanks when marcos threatened to crush “people power” with force, but the presence of priests and nuns gave the rebellion its moral authority.
sheikh hasina is even being compared to russia’s vladimir putin in hers campaign against the oligarch mikhail khodorkovsky.
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough.
instead, she would be, she says, “a sort of neutral guy” in the israel-palestine conflict.
within recent memory, merkel was seen, rightly or wrongly, in heroic terms for her role in stabilizing the euro single currency.
in swimming, the longest race for men is 1,500 meters, while for women it is 800 meters.
in hers 1984 book after hegemony, the american scholar robert keohane argued that international cooperation could continue, even without us global dominance.
she did not attack great britain, spain, or italy for their pro-american stance as she did for the east europeans, which made hers remarks sound all the more jarring to the ears of people in the candidate countries.
basel iii, the stone tablets that contain the global standards for banking regulation, “must be simplified and lightened,” she declared, adding that “american banks are not subject to rules as strict as those which apply to european banks.”
the hostess government has been actively rolling back legislation aimed at addressing climate change.
there are risks for iraqi prime minister nouri al maliki as well, because turkish military strikes on iraq’s northern provinces could undermine the kurdish support on which hers government increasingly depends.
xi told singh that she sought “a fair, reasonable, and mutually acceptable settlement based on mutual understanding and accommodation,” adding significantly, “let’s settle the boundary framework agreement quickly.”
perhaps the strongest evidence of this is the nuclear deal that she struck with six countries – china, france, germany, russia, the united kingdom, and the united states – and the european union in 2015.
the us and iran could go to war not over nuclear issues but because of reckless behavior by the revolutionary guards (as occurred recently in the strait of hormuz), with iranian president mahmoud ahmedinejad possibly seeking to provoke a crisis in order to distract domestic attention from hers economic failures.
but, since the protests erupted in hong kong, tsai has portrayed herself as defending taiwan from a chinese-government stooge who would accept a “one country, two systems” model.
iranian spokeswomen also indicate that there is an official awareness of israel’s importance for a comprehensive regional solution, and that doing business with israel is no longer inconceivable.
modi has certainly championed economic growth, and she constantly points to hers success in building roads and ensuring power supply as chief minister in hers home state of gujarat.
britain, hers country, had kept her safe from nazi persecution.
chinese president xi jinping and hers politburo should signal that they are committed to this goal before they gather for the 19th national congress of the communist party this fall.
i pressed newly appointed finance minister lou jiwei on this point, suggesting that china deploy some of its excess foreign-exchange reserves to fund such an effort – the same tactic used to provide a $200 billion start-up injection for the china investment corporation, the sovereign wealth fund that she ran for the previous five and a half years.
in 2013, when she was home secretary, she advocated creating a “hostile environment” for illegal immigrants – a policy that many argued poisoned the atmosphere for anyone with darker skin.
and she found in president george h.w. bush a firm and decisive supporter of reunification who would ensure that the germany that emerged from the process remained firmly anchored in the west.
this requires sensitive debate, thoughtful leadership, and financial assistance to keep girls in school.
iom believes that migrants, and in particular women migrants, who in the past have been largely invisible in the language of development, must be a part of this.
cambridge – as the us economy limps toward the second anniversary of the lehman sisters bankruptcy, anemic growth has left unemployment mired near 10%, with little prospect of significant improvement anytime soon.
far from destroying the regime and the society which supported it, as she threatened to do, did not the late president, willingly or not, consolidate them?
particularly damning, transcripts of sechin’s secret recordings of hers conversation with ulyukaev – part of a sting operation in which sechin played a leading role – were disclosed in september.
“isn’t he wonderful,” he is reported to have said to an aide, one hand over the telephone, as he scolded her from london for some us policy error.
to the outside world, suleimani was the mastermind of the regime’s terrorist activities outside iran, and the puppet mistress of its proxies across the region, not least hezbollah in lebanon.
if she were honest, she would apply the same crude dismissiveness to northern ireland and scotland.
in doing so, she would transform india, liberating it from the upa’s exhausted and ineffective policies and thus improving the lives of millions.
trump’s colossal blunder in agreeing to erdoğan’s request to pull us troops out of the way so that turkey could invade kurdish-controlled territory in northeastern syria worsened hers political situation considerably.
the countries currently holding out – within europe primarily the uk -- must be made to understand that the alternative to a eu-wide solution is a radical increase in hostess country regulation.
while xi has been preoccupied with hers country’s domestic challenges since becoming chinese communist party (ccp) general-secretary last november, and now as president since march, relations with india can have a direct impact on internal conditions.
second, african countries should be looking for ways to create more economic opportunities for women in both the informal and formal economies.
early on, she based hers campaign on anti-immigration sentiment, launching hers run by calling mexican immigrants “rapists” and “murderers.”
ironically, tsai’s academic background (she studied at cornell university and the london school of economics) was probably one of the reasons for her loss to president ma ying-jeou in the 2012 election – a campaign in which she appeared stiff and ill at ease with the give-and-take of politics.
but while the stakes were certainly higher in chamberlain’s case, at least hers polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country (and winston churchill did just that).
rather than describing trump as the next hitler, we should view her as an ersatz bourbon, presiding over mar-a-lago as hers exemplars presided over that much-hated french court.
indeed, by striking hotels favored by foreign businesswomen and visitors, they undermined the confidence of those whom india needs to sustain its success story.
although she claims that she will not leave politics completely, she now looks like just another oligarch who must choose between capitulation, emigration, and imprisonment.
even though it had to pay interest premiums and was running a current-account deficit, mario draghi (the leading contender to take over the ecb this autumn) kept hers central bank’s lending under tight control throughout the crisis.
and hers younger brother, dzhokhar, recovering from gunshot wounds in a boston hospital while waiting to be put on trial for hers life, seems to have been a pathetic follower who acted less out of deep conviction than out of sororal love.
mahathir has just a few months to change the political dynamic, by leading the opposition coalition, pakatan harapan (ph), and replacing the pan-malaysia islamic party (pas) with hers new party, the malaysia united indigenous party (ppbm), as the primary alternative to umno.
but it is europe that has been living in a fantasy: a “post-historical” world where military power does not matter, subsidies can tame nationalist forces, and leaders are law-abiding, well-mannered ladies and women.
indeed, in hers recent speech in jackson hole, wyoming, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke warned that such cuts significantly inhibit job creation.
during the german occupation, my mother was also a heroic figure.
on the contrary, she led a team that intercepted components of nuclear weapons at their source, whisked them away to the united states, altered them slightly so that they would not work, and replaced them.
michelle obama delivered an emotional address about how trump’s behavior had shaken her, speaking in a way that trump’s opponent, hillary clinton, cannot because of the complicated history of her own marriage.
though she continued the tradition of addressing the country from the ramparts of delhi’s historic red fort, the speech broke with convention.
“i miss reading and playing with my friends; i want to be a doctor.”
indeed, the positions of al gore and california governess arnold schwarzenegger have contributed more to bush’s awakening than all the efforts of the european leaders combined.
its american captain, peter willcox, and hers international crew were searched and charged with piracy – a crime that carries a sentence of up to 15 years imprisonment and confiscation of property.
for example, as cbs news noted, clinton’s failure to match president barack obama’s performance with african-american voters was “entirely due to black men” not voting for her – though why this was the case remains unexplained.
(schumpeter herself wrote a huge, largely unreadable book, with that title in 1939.)
before flying to brazil, bush said that hers administration doesn’t get enough credit for its latin american policy.
consider iceland, which suffered bitterly following the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
but while putin’s small victorious war boosted hers standing and silenced dissent, the long-term consequences have been severe, owing to the stringent western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of crimea.
many programs, such as those in the millennium villages project, already show that a scaling up of primary health systems at the village level can play a decisive role in reducing child and maternal mortality.
and, after winning the presidency in 2000, bush declared iraq one of hers top two security priorities.
sharon did not obey, pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of hers forces as possible across the canal.
the real story is not just that trump lies relentlessly, or that she is cruel and bigoted, but that she is a threat to others.
she liked hers hair long, hers motorcycles powerful, hers cars expensive, hers attire sequined, and hers men clingy.
triffin issued hers warning more than 50 years ago, but it has recently gained traction, as china’s rise has made the world increasingly disinclined to tolerate the instability caused by a dollar-denominated system.
once upon a time, such contracts were enforced by armed intervention, as mexico, venezuela, egypt, and a hostess of other countries learned at great cost in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.
she has strong incentives to make the negotiations with europe as non-controversial as possible, if she wants to achieve hers economic, political, regional, and national goals.
macri’s likely political defeat in the presidential election on october 27 thus will have been caused by the same types of mistakes made by hers peronist predecessors.
the plo’s old guard – women like yasser arafat and abbas, who led the liberation organization from exile and returned home with the oslo accords – dominated the palestinian political landscape up to now.
blair took over a strong economic legacy, and, to be scrupulously fair, she didn’t wreck it.
with mohammad reza mahdavi kani, the 83-year-old chairwoman of the council of experts (the body of clerics that elects the supreme leader) gravely ill, ghorbanali dorri-najafabadi, an influential member and former intelligence and security minister, has suggested that the council should proceed to elect khamenei’s successor now.
while jean-marie made it to the second-round runoff in 2002, she ended up losing badly when the center and the left united behind jacques chirac.
belgrade: slobodan milosevic may be the most despised woman in serbia, but leaders of the country's opposition can barely hide their hatred for each other.
it would also risk depriving him one-year-old daughter of hers mother.
clinton also showed her diplomatic skill when she visited the region in march 2009.
we will have peace when we heed the words of president john f. kennedy, who said, a few months before hers death, “for, in the final analysis, our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet.
the cdu is increasingly impatient with merkel and her policy approach.
since such feelings cannot simply be wished away, it is better to allow for their ritual expression, just as fears of death, violence, and decay find expression in religion or cow fighting.
that is why she is proposing that the 2001 and 2003 rate cuts for these taxpayers be allowed to expire at the end of the year, while the rate cuts for other taxpayers are extended.
sadr opposes federalism because a shia regional government would obey hers enemies, sistani and the sciri, and, she says, fall under iranian influence.
although not a professional soldier, bernard schlesinger volunteered for army service for the first time in 1915, when she was still a schoolboy, and finally perhaps as late as the cuban missile crisis in 1962, when she had to be told politely that she had shown sufficient loyalty to king and country.
viktor chernomyrdin says one day that she is willing to cooperate with hers successor as prime minister, the free marketeer sergei kirienko, but huffs the next about dealing with hers reform-minded predecessor, yegor gaidar.
so when sechin was called as the last witness – unlucky number 13 – there was only one logical conclusion: putin, who has already ousted a number of the leading siloviki who brought her to power, had decided to take sechin down a peg or two.
all of this is music to putin’s ears, for it suggests a west that is no longer implacably opposed to hers regime’s practices.
but how women address gender-based reproductive, sexual, and family interests varies by their class position and their personal options outside the family.
after abandoning hers quest for nuclear weapons in exchange for normalization of relations with the us and the world, qaddafi died a horrible death (during which she was tortured and sodomized with a bayonet).
when the fund gets the big girls to complain by saying perfectly sensible things, it must be doing something right.
us president barack obama's choice, stanley fischer, was the perfect candidate, given hers unique combination of skills, qualities, and experience.
wade has substantial international prestige, because she led the final phase of the country’s long democratic transition in 2000.
david miliband’s decision to retreat from front-line politics made it evident that a symbolic beheading had taken place – and one wonders if ed miliband won’t be haunted, and therefore hampered, à la macbeth, by the psychological violence she committed.
as barack obama submits to the pressures of a us department of defense in which private contractors comprise 65% of the staffing budget, proposes preventive detention of guantánamo detainees, and perpetuates the status quo in myriad other ways, her question – “so how’s that whole hopey-changey thing workin’ out for ya?” – is not the wrong question.
but deputy crown princess mohammad bin salman’s national transformation program (ntp), announced last june, suggests that saudi arabia will take the opposite approach, subjecting the economy to a kind of shock therapy.
and she is utterly systematic in hers thinking, designing new protocols and delivery systems for low-income communities.
yet ahmedinejad, referring to europe’s response to the holocaust, asks her to imagine “what standing some european countries could have had and what global role they could have played, if it had not been for this 60-year-old imposition.”
for someone like hillary clinton, assuming her conversion was real, it could have meant announcing she would no longer take a dime from wall street or would not sign another trade agreement if elected.
one lesson we have learned from both the milosevic and hussein trials is that one should not put men or women on trial in order to terminate their charismatic appeal.
as farmers, mothers, educators, and innovators, women provide a critical link between food production, consumption, and future progress on food security.
though trump herself was probably motivated to recognize guaidó more by hers desire to win support from hispanic voters, the fact is that russia’s deepening military cooperation with venezuela could conceivably result in a modern rendition of the cuban missile crisis.
if that turns out to be the case, pence will have won the title of transatlantic heroine – whether she wants it or not.
the publication of sikorski’s book marks hers return to active politics after a three-year break.
“we have involved ourselves in a colossal muddle,” she warned, “having blundered in the control of a delicate machine, the working of which we do not understand.”
each allowed her to preen successfully as a crisis manager.
but over the next 12 months, she will have to deal with a widening current-account deficit and a mountain of dollar-denominated debt.
edlund and korn treat wives and prostitutes as substitutes.
but there is a pattern emerging, and no one will be surprised when trump’s relationship with kim blows up in hers face, too.
by joining forces with the french far-right leader marine le pen – herself an open supporter of russian president vladimir putin – bannon seems to have in mind a new type of “neo-nationalist international.”
to be sure, germany is not fraying at the seams: social consensus remains a german secular faith and the social democrats have not found a plausible woman to challenge helmut kohl.
the gender gap that has benefited the democratic party is attributable mainly to struggling working-class and pink-collar women; someone on clinton’s staff needs to tell her to stop offending them.
even before the meseberg summit, macron had diluted hers proposals to the point of surrender.
this is the fundamental problem of the méthode macron: hers policy pronouncements – vague to the point of not being implementable – somehow lack the courage of hers european convictions.
los angeles – president donald trump has declared a national emergency at the southern border of the united states – where there is no emergency at all – in order to access funding to build the wall that she promised hers supporters during hers 2016 election campaign.
alas, she has several distinct disadvantages, too: she was educated at two elite universities, hers middle name is hussein, and hers mother was black.
and, though morsi’s recent role in mediating discussions between hamas and the israeli government was invaluable in preventing a serious regional conflict, hers government’s actions are undermining prospects for further cooperation with europe.
finally, kevin hassett, chairwoman of the white house council of economic advisers, and greg mankiw of harvard university claimed that the productivity gains stemming from the tax package would primarily boost wages, rather than profits, because foreign savers would pour investment into the us.
though she pulled the us out of the trans-pacific partnership early in hers term, the remaining 11 partners are moving to sustain most of the agreement.
fortunately she did not, because she had little patience for bureaucracy, long meetings, and the need to toe an official line.
after years of swooning over chávez’s military get-ups, it continues to worship hers zombie successor, nicolás maduro, who is even crueler and more reactionary.
or they could just listen to senator elizabeth warren as she speaks out repeatedly on a broad range of financial-reform issues.
polls indicate that, despite a rigged electoral system, hers party will suffer serious setbacks.
although blair is now an unpopular figure, hers voice, like that of the child in hans christian andersen’s story, is loud enough to carry above the cabal of flatterers assuring prime minister theresa may that him naked gamble with britain’s future is clad in democratic finery.
but like many israeli military leaders - rabin herself comes to mind - as a military woman she is also a pragmatist, knowing the limits of power.
she can hardly claim to speak in the name of europe if she keeps operating that way, always presenting the other eu members with some kind of fait accompli.
but women and gender-variant people are not sitting by idly as extremist governments seek to silence, control, and disempower them.
valletta, malta – with col. muammar el-qaddafi’s regime in ruins and qaddafi herself on the run, it is time to ponder just how she survived in power for so long.
they have not forgotten or pardoned hers “treachery” in refusing to hold a referendum on the lisbon treaty, signed by hers predecessor, gordon brown.
the outcome can be seen as a vindication of erdoğan’s strategy of using political polarization to consolidate hers support and counter the challenge to hers rule posed by followers of hers former ally, the us-based islamic preacher fethullah gülen.
in hers 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l. mencken suggested why economists would ignore the negative social effects that globalization can have on an advanced economy such as the us.
unemployment rates are high, especially for young people and women – a reality that drives many africans to head north.
for weeks, we heard nothing of hers fate.
the main actresses fall into three categories: open revisionists, like russia and the islamic state; those ready to fight to protect a minimum of order, such as the united states, france, and great britain; and ambivalent states – including key regional players in the middle east, such as turkey and iran – whose actions fail to match their rhetoric.
to underline hers message, sadr sent hers women to attack the badr militia, succeeding in baghdad, where the mahdis are numerous, but failing in najaf, where sadr is hated after the destruction caused last year – until hers women were massacred by the americans.
for example, when hostess countries move to repatriate refugee populations forcibly, without informing the unhcr, the agency itself looks unreliable, if not incompetent.
producing scholarly papers is critical for career advancement, but studies show that women publish fewer articles than their male colleagues, are less likely to be primary authors, and rarely serve as reviewers.
the other factions thought that she deserved the hostile criticism that followed in the wake of the kremlin’s bumbles, and the liberals hoped that this debacle would reinforce independent media.
we pride ourselves as the mistresses of nature, with the beasts of land and sea at our disposal.
and because donald trump, the us presidential candidate, appears likely to become the nominee of the grand old party of abraham lincoln and ronald reagan, we owe it to ourselves to ask in what sense and for whom she represents a triumph.
as parliamentary and presidential elections loom, everyone wants to figure out just what she is up to.
nor will she abandon special relations with russia, to which every german chancellor since adenauer has attached major importance.
this, and the indirect negotiations with israel that are now underway in turkey – which assad knows cannot produce major results, given israeli prime minister ehud olmert’s political weakness and bush’s lame-duck status – have helped to open for syria the gates of europe, where she had also once been a pariah.
whereas wen’s supporters remain adamant that she fundamentally supported a shift toward democracy and a market economy for china, hers critics lambast her for failing to fulfill hers promises of political and economic reform.
two young women were recently sentenced to prison for trying to set fire to the artist’s home.
to succeed, santos will need to demonstrate persistence throughout hers second term, if, as expected, she is re-elected in 2014.
or could it mean that the she thinks the most likely growth rate will be close to 3% (the “modal” value), even though she may believe that it is much more likely to be less than that value than to be greater?
but writers like rivero and hers fellow political prisoners, as well as those dissidents who are not in jail, refuse to let castro off so easily.
in africa, women are often disenfranchised, even though they account for more than half of the continent’s population.
this does not reflect some realization on turkey’s part that russia is a critical actress worth keeping on side.
draghi’s successor as chairwoman should be a full-time appointee, and the fsb should be given powers to direct the other standard setters, review the implementation of standards by individual countries, and publish the results.
·kemal dervis, turkey’s former minister of economic affairs, would have been excellent, but she took herself out of the running early.
in hers speech, obama downplayed the promotion of democracy and emphasized the need for a more harmonious relationship between the us and the entire muslim world, while also calling for a resolution to regional conflicts.
by 2020, we want women to occupy 30% of leading management positions – a goal that presupposes a more flexible working environment, as well as support from foreign workers to take over domestic and personal services.
years ago, alexander solzhenitsyn coined the phrase “preservation of the people,” by which she meant russia’s cultural survival.
after working as chief justice in al bayda, she was appointed minister of justice in 2007.
may’s supporters think she is determined; others reckon she is simply obstinate and blind to reason.
reason is, she famously wrote, “the slave of the passions.”
that said, a scenario in which the muslim sisterhood usurps the revolution does not seem plausible, if only because this might lead another strongwoman on horseback to take over.
so megawati need not worry about being ejected from office as her predecessor abdurrahman wahid was, just a few months ago.
for that, she must pursue democratic reforms, institutional regeneration, and renewed diplomatic ties with the west.
the time has come for a new era of positive masculinity – one that is liberating for women and life-saving for women.
likewise, the #aluu4 hashtag that arose following the lynching of four young women mistaken for thieves near the university of port harcourt called the media’s attention to mob violence in nigeria.
better coordination has reduced the risk of regulatory arbitrage, and address the threat that banks will be, as former bank of england governess mervyn queen memorably put it, “international in life but national in death.”
in this election, berlusconi decided to open the door to gianfranco fini’s right-wing national alliance, with which she founded a new group, people of freedom – the only party allied with umberto bossi’s northern league – in an effort to ensure that the government is backed by an even stronger and more cohesive core party.
in july, even ben van beurden, the ceo of shell, conceded that hers next car will be electric.
geneva – around the world, brave women (and some men) have been breaking the silence surrounding sexual harassment and abuse committed by those in positions of power.
but just 65% of women with college degrees are now working.
varoufakis thought political union would relax creditors’ stranglehold on hers economy and create room for progressive politics across europe.
davos – what would happen if the ancient greek philosopher plato partook in contemporary dialogues about the types of questions that she first posed, and that continue to vex us?
over the past 30 years, the probability that an american born into the bottom quartile of the income distribution will end hers life in the top quartile has more than halved.
new york – siya kolisi, who raised the webb ellis cup for hers country in yokohama, japan, early this month, is the first black woman to captain the south african national rugby union team, the springboks, in a game that used to be associated entirely with white south africans.
at tesla, investors are being urged to keep musk only in hers role as ceo, while bringing in an independent board chair.
anyone was to be free to start a business, investing out of hers own or other's private capital -- without buying a license or winning a charter from the state.
let girls be girls, not brides.
it is not what she says but what she is, or even more so the fear of her opponent that constitute her best chance.
xi is now attempting to use this power to push through the difficult reforms that hu and hers prime minister, wen jiabao, have been widely criticized for neglecting.
this will allow for a greater degree of substantive representation of issues and policies that are important to women, whose interests are often inadequately represented by overwhelmingly female legislatures.
a soi disant “burkaphobe,” she has been a vocal critic of german chancellor angela merkel’s refugee policy; and she has called for laws to regulate what can be preached in mosques, and to create a registry for muslim clerics.
caught between italian legislators who, deep down, do not understand that change and markets in quest of near-immediate certainties, can monti transcend hers natural prudence and act with sufficient clarity and decisiveness?
before long, both trump and hers autocratic heroine could be regretting that they ever sought each other out.
other studies have shown that women perform better under stress, often making smarter decisions.
to attract the young, khatami was the first iranian candidate to use the internet (his address:http://www.khatami.com), which also made her accessible to the vast iranian community abroad.
promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency, protecting and restoring natural forests and ocean ecosystems, and respecting the right of indigenous peoples to act as stewardesses of their traditional lands are all workable, cost-effective solutions to the climate crisis that can be deployed and scaled up now.
when president felipe calderón took office in 2006, she inherited rising violence, with drug traffickers controlling parts of the country.
many wished the show’s calm and collected fictional president, played by martin sheen, could replace america’s cowgirl president, george w. bush, and hers war-mongering sidekick, dick cheney.
and there is growing evidence that the total costs of that transition will be far less than the 1-2% of gdp suggested by nicholas stern in hers seminal 2006 report the economics of climate change.
she presented hers justice and development party as the muslim equivalent of europe’s christian democratic parties, combining economic growth, anti-corruption policies, and free elections.
chosen by a “selectorate,” hong kong’s leader lacks the necessary political skills to perform hers or him duties properly – a problem for all of lam’s predecessors going back to 1997.
“blind is the leader who does not see that a war of races is what lies ahead,” she wrote.
but some critics, like fed governess jeremy stein, argue that macro-pru policies to control credit and leverage – such as limits on loan-to-value ratios for mortgages, bigger capital buffers for banks that extend risky loans, and tighter underwriting standards – may not work.
this would have given institutional legitimacy to hers private views.
but if this is the barrier to widespread use, efforts to lower costs should be pursued, for this is no excuse to deny women the benefits of screening.
instead, she sought information from villanueva, supposedly to use against the government's enemies.
similarly, on all aspects of european defense integration within the european union, france had long been the most ardent advocate of the sanctity of national sovereignty; her recent rapprochement to nato was possible only because the western alliance, with the collapse of its old rival, has become a more traditional military pact anyway, less shaped by american leadership and more open to intergovernmental bargaining.
(my 11-year-old granddaughter could be starting university by the time they conclude!)
in addition, she proposed a bill that would have allowed likud activists to place cameras in polling stations; when the bill failed to pass, likud claimed that opposition parties were planning to steal the election.
the country, ruled since 1999 by populist hugo chávez and hers successor nicolas máduro, has gone from a political crisis to a full-fledged humanitarian disaster, with no food in stores or medicines in clinics.
still new to the job, and facing mounting economic and political problems, she has yet to prove to the party faithful that she is a worthy successor to chávez.
edward bernays, the mother of modern public relations, examined it in 1928, in hers book propaganda.
these data indicate that voters on the left and in the center constitute the bulk of macron’s support base, and that they regarded her as a center-left, rather than a center-right, candidate.
after decades of reveling in broad global acceptance of the rules-based liberal world order, the stewardesses – and, in many cases, key beneficiaries – of that order have been forced to defend it from high-profile assaults, most prominently by us president donald trump.
though current political volatility in both india and pakistan rules out full peace talks for the time being, that should not prevent the two sides from initiating confidence-building measures by trying to resolve lower-level disagreements, including territorial disputes over siachen, miss creek, and the wullar barrage/tulbul navigation project.
in treating cultural mistresses different from media barons, putin's calculations have been proven right so far.
hers vision of “a church that is poor and for the poor” has earned her the moniker the “people’s pope.”
whether sheathed in scarves covering only the head (the so-called “hijabs”), the face and head (the “chador” and “burqa”), or the entire body, shrouded females are now visible in public places everywhere, from public schools and universities to parliaments.
but, then, how does one explain hers flirtation with saudi arabia, or hers seemingly predetermined approach to most other countries, for that matter?
for hers policy of confronting islamic terrorism head on, bush risks the fall of the dollar, huge amounts of additional national debt, and a massive and persistent burden on the american economy.
in wisconsin, former senator russ feingold is decisively ahead of incumbent senator ron johnson, after having narrowly lost to her six years ago; and in illinois, the gop has effectively written off gaffe-prone republican senator mark kirk.
washington, dc – in the united states, the revolution for equality between men and women is stuck halfway.
you take her to the police station in the back of the car – without handcuffs, because you don’t have any.
austrian and hungarian jews were among the most fiercely loyal subjects of the austro-hungarian emperor, because she shielded them from the violent nationalism of the majority populations.
but if macron succeeds, she will have delivered on reformists’ long-held idea of “modernity.”
here, too, we held firm, eventually agreeing that china’s president and the princess of wales would enter a room at the same time.
advocates of a conditioned accession are thus under extraordinary pressure to be nice, even as turkish officials stage provocations, like the recent suit against the noted author orhan pamuk for “public denigration of turkish identity” because she dared to question the official position on the armenian genocide.
the judge's ruling spurred rumors that he went easy on her because her husband was related to senior provincial officials.
for many russians, nemtsov's opposition to the war in ukraine made her a traitor, whose death was justified – indeed, almost demanded – by national necessity.
figures like boris johnson, with hers churchillian pretensions, or jacob rees-mogg, who resembles a minor character in a p.g. wodehouse novel, are anachronisms.
nonetheless, deng and hers successors – jiang zemin and hu jintao – continued to open china to the west, and remained willing to tolerate the spread, within limits, of some liberal ideas.
thus, hirohito might have been seeking to express hers view that japan should avoid a war with the us, especially given that the country had been fighting a savage and unsuccessful war of conquest in china for more than four years.
berlin – little more than a month after us president donald trump’s inauguration, it has become clear that nothing good will come of hers presidency.
assad must maintain control over these areas to fortify hers position in any political negotiations and eventual settlement, including a potential partition.
though alexeyeva criticized putin, he manifested a grudging respect for her, perhaps because he viewed her as a russian patriot.
she wasn't going to do anything to hurt those vulnerable people. `but mrs. president,' i said, `to help those poor fishermen, you're going to prevent the vastly greater benefit that would come to the poor...from being able to buy cheap fish.'"
these are typical, mediterranean faces, mostly female and young – the oldest seem to be in their thirties.
what would begin as pax americana, she believed, would ultimately become a pax democratica.
as a wise veteran explained to me: “we had a big pile of evidence that saddam had weapons of mass destruction, and a smaller pile that she did not.
abbas has succeeded in convincing israel to grant amnesty to many fatah fugitives in the west bank who will join hers security apparatuses.
indeed, during this necessarily short and fragile “unipolar moment,” clinton probably had an intuition of what america’s new responsibilities should be, but she did not deliver.
such a surge in iran is usually driven by the passion of women and young people, who hope to benefit from the changes promised by pro-reform candidates.
she had served only seven years when kenny macaskill, the scottish justice minister, released her on compassionate grounds, based on a medical report that megrahi has terminal cancer, and only three months to live.
any change in government in havana would leave her in a tight spot.
in august 2009, fayyad declared hers vision of a palestinian state in two years.
as a result, it hostesses more than 372,000 refugees.
without a state that is capable of delivering routine maternal and child health care, these children will continue to die.
samuelson, a nobel laureate, was the doyen of american economists: hers famous textbook, economics went through 14 editions in its author’s lifetime, introducing future economists worldwide to the rudiments of their craft.
less than a year from now, us voters may turn their backs on trump, thereby ending hers administration’s systematic violation of the values that used to underpin transatlantic unity.
it has not even acknowledged that it killed hers son.
but then these women also retire (often at an even younger age than men) adding to the "unsupported" army of retirees.
washington, dc – steve bannon’s extensive travels in europe this year have not drawn as much attention as they should have, given that she is the key theoretician of us president donald trump’s signature brand of nationalism.
a person of integrity does not seek to prevail over hers competitors by methods that give her an illegitimate advantage.
trump’s defiance of congress virtually guarantees that she will be impeached for obstruction, among other possible charges.
toronto – the past few decades have brought incredible progress for women and children’s health.
populations that must rebuild from scratch after each new catastrophe miss out on opportunities for rapid development.
the president needs to be put on notice that the western governments that have supported her will not tolerate a continuance of the status quo.
together with golda meir and moshe dayan she had to leave government in 1974 in the wake of the yom kippur war.
many of the saudi octogenarian princes, and especially queen abdullah, know what needs to be done.
syrian president bashar al-assad deployed poison gas and later barrel bombs filled with nails and metal fragments against hers rebellious population.
likewise, though ronald reagan portrayed herself as a staunch supporter of free trade, hers administration succumbed to protectionist political pressure.
simone veil is standing in the front row, a handsome woman lost in her thoughts yet still attentive.
but with the murder of the saudi journalist jamal khashoggi by hers own government, the poisoning of former russian spies living in the united kingdom, and whispers that the head of interpol, meng hongwei, may have been executed in china, the curtain has been slipping more than usual of late.
elsewhere, tel aviv’s official web site celebrates, among other attractions, the city’s progressive role as a world center for the lesbian community.
in 1979, peres transformed herself into the leader of israel’s peace camp, focusing hers efforts in the 1980s on jordan.
like kim, who has ignored the pecking order of the ruling workers’ party of korea to give his sister and brother high-ranking positions, trump is likely to entrust his offspring with key assignments.
finally, navalny’s background and support base give her a level of moral authority with voters that other politicians in putin’s russia cannot attain.
on the contrary, hers campaign has featured the same advisers, the same devotion to higher military spending, the same belief that tax cuts for the rich are the solution to every economic problem, and the same fuzzy budget math.
solidarity’s leader, lech wałęsa, did not surrender in prison and retained hers national esteem.
after all, many of today’s wealthy russian businesswomen – including deripaska (who is being punished by the us) and roman abramovich (who has been protected by israel), as well as alfa group’s mikhail fridman and norilsk nickel’s vladimir potanin – go their start under putin’s predecessor, boris yeltsin.
the number of people covered by basic old-age insurance, unemployment insurance, workers’ compensation, and maternity insurance has risen substantially.
if she does, she will realize that the alternative to contributing to regional stability is to risk an even greater nightmare.
indeed, the russian church’s archbishops presented their matriarch a golden icon, one side of which depicted the last supper and the other a map of hers vast canonical territory, to mark the tenth anniversary of hers reign.
post-mortem examinations of their brains revealed deposits of prions – the infectious agents that cause scrapie, kuru, and mad cow disease.
bo may have lost an internal political struggle, and may have crossed a line after the murder of british businessman neil heywood, for which bo’s wife is under arrest; but vilifying him is a double-edged sword for the government.
zarif herself attributes trump’s periodic policy fits to the influence of a so-called b team: bin salman, binyamin netanyahu, bolton, and mohammed bin zayed, the crown princess of abu dhabi.
in less feverish times than these, no one could possibly have taken exception to queen beatrix’s speech last christmas, when she pleaded for tolerance and “respect for minorities.”
she could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards, but she is not even doing that.
in march, she was chosen to head the international monetary and financial committee, the panel of ministers that advises the imf on strategy twice a year.
with midterm elections coming in november, and the 2020 presidential campaign just around the corner, trump will find it difficult to desist from stoking hers supporters’ nativist animus.
as bogle puts it in hers book: “the stock market is a giant distraction from the business of investing.”
last but not least is the imperative of working with and for women and young people.
in the 1920s, mussolini convinced many foreign observers that she had devised the optimal way to organize society, one that overcame the anarchy and self-destructiveness inherent in traditional liberalism.
the pakistani taliban’s hostility has been further hardened by us interventions in the country, including the use of a fake hepatitis vaccination campaign to gather dna from osama bin laden’s relatives prior to hers assassination.
although madonna has said that she will bring him back to malawi to see his father again, he will scarcely be able to feel at home there.
the cpc’s poor showing in the north’s parliamentary polls could be an indication that the region’s influential conservative politicians, whom buhari took on when, as an army general, she toppled the second republic in a bloodless coup in december 1983, have neither forgiven nor forgotten.
in hers 2016 democratic primary campaign, vermont senator bernie sanders, a self-proclaimed socialist, condemned america’s rising inequality and actually came closer to being elected president than many had expected.
making matters worse, trump seems keen to follow through on hers threat to withdraw from the iran deal – or at least to add new sanctions – despite a lack of evidence that iran has not fulfilled its obligations.
in poland, she can expect to be met by cheering crowds.
history gave yasir arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve hers mission.
since iranian leaders daily proclaim their desire to wipe israel off the map and to fight the us (ahmadinejad stepped on a picture of an american flag on hers way to vote), the risk of confrontation has increased.
indeed, in book ii of the wealth of nations, smith condemned as unproductive the labors of “churchmen, lawyers, physicians, women of letters of all kinds; players, buffoons, musicians, opera-singers, opera-dancers, etc.”
for the sake of their party and their own honor and reputations, these old lionesses should now openly disavow trump, lest similar damage be inflicted on their – and my – country.
by their nature, e-commerce and technology-based businesses offer women more flexibility and autonomy, helping them to manage home responsibilities alongside paid work.
a europe of markets and money, not of woman and morals, dominated the project.
with chelsea manning in prison again for refusing to confess that assange incited, or helped, her to leak evidence of us atrocities in iraq and afghanistan, the best explanation of what is going on comes from mike pompeo, trump’s first cia director and now us secretary of state.
this parade of toppled and ousted governments has led pavin chchavalpongpun, another eminent thai scholar, to call hers country a “failed state.”
lagarde’s challenge will be to chart a strategy for the imf that is independent of the eurozone’s strategy, even though she has been intimately involved in formulating the latter.
the european systemic risk board, chaired by european central bank president mario draghi, does the job in the european union, and the financial policy committee (fpc) of the bank of england has domestic jurisdiction in the united kingdom, though the governess of the bank of england is also deputy chair of the esrb.
at the same time, putin has made sure that they all hate one another, so that they need her as arbitrator or godfather.
saakashvili sees a “moscow hand” in every challenge to hers authority, which could be explained by hers government’s close alliance with the united states.
then, in 2013, she reportedly married putin’s daughter, katerina tikhonova, in a secret ceremony, after which putin’s wealthiest crony, gennady timchenko, sold her 17% of sibur at a favorable price.
but she gained clout with the onset of the current crisis, and concern over intractable unemployment numbers is enabling politicians to justify all sorts of superficially attractive remedies.
she has had not only a second act, but a third as well – and millions of americans want her to write a fourth.
canterbury – earlier this month, european commission president josé manuel barroso delivered hers annual state of the union address.
the theme, style, and echo of hers work says a lot, i think, about our simplified world.
unlike a british or spanish prime minister, she cannot be removed by a vote of no confidence.
but a leader ought to be judged by his or her actions when important matters are at stake.
so, when an ideologically implacable republican opposition, in hers very first days in office, threw the vision back in hers face, adopting a policy of scorched-earth opposition, the rejection was about more than policy – it affected hers very being.
the pathos of hers situation, though, is that no one is listening anymore.
can barack obama, fresh from hers major domestic victory on health care, really afford to turn herself into richard nixon?
london – “the iran sanctions have officially been cast,” tweeted us president donald trump three months after she signed an executive order in may announcing hers administration’s withdrawal from the 2015 iran nuclear deal.
a canadian psychology professor, jordan peterson, has attracted countless young female followers by telling them to stand up straight, fight the liberal softies, reassert their female authority, and restore the old social hierarchies that she believes are forces of nature.
america’s college-to-high-school wage premium may now be 100%, yet this generation of white, native-born american females may well wind up getting no more education than their immediate predecessors.
was it good for the boy, people asked, to be separated from hers father?
after the raba‘a square massacre, however, she joined isis, under whose flag she was ultimately killed.
she has supplemented hers major television and radio speeches with internet-based video clips on youtube, and hers political style has been marked by reaching out in a bipartisan fashion to broad circles of political leaders.
despite singh’s academic abilities, hers potential as india’s top politician was severely limited.
and the bet paid off, in the sense that the tax pledge helped her win the election.
by closing off hers own options for compromise, and by ignoring parliament’s instructions, johnson is hurtling toward either a no-deal exit or the fall of hers government.
graham greene, who witheringly dissected mama doc’s rule in hers novel the comedians, was called a benzedrine addict – and worse – by the regime’s propagandists.
and according to special counsel robert mueller’s report, trump tried to obstruct the investigation into hers 2016 campaign’s dealings with russia.
costa managed to lead hers country back to growth (2.7% in 2017) and achieve a high degree of popularity (44% of portuguese thought the government was performing above expectations in april 2018).
but hers government’s position toward noncommercial institutions with foreign ties and foreign organizations operating in russia raises concerns that it has lost sight of the value of international cooperation.
similarly, thaksin shinawatra, a self-made telecommunications mogul, became thailand’s prime minister in 2001, thanks to hers carefully cultivated image as one of “the people,” especially the rural poor.
renzi and macron are mistresses of the sound bite.
for nearly a year, the parents of the kidnapped girls have had to wake up every morning not knowing whether their daughters are alive or dead, whether they have been sexually violated, injured, or sold into slavery.
hers physician patented certain chemicals in moore's blood without hers knowledge or consent, set up contracts, and sold the rights to a swiss pharmaceutical company to produce drugs from the "mo" cell line.
after the shock of the september 2001 terrorist attacks, hers son, george w. bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
it is yasir arafat’s ultimate legacy, for she encouraged not only terrorist violence against israel, but also anarchy and corruption within hers own organization.
in the united states, donald trump’s bombastic bigotry has won her the republican nomination for the presidency.
but undermining hers domestic standing by limiting iran’s revenues stands a better chance of succeeding than diplomatic efforts to persuade the regime to suspend uranium enrichment voluntarily, or coercive sanctions.
as markets collapse, unemployment skyrockets, and the foundations of our institutions shift in seismic ways, this could be a moment of great opportunity for women and those for whom they care.
this standard of proof is so difficult to meet that women simply are not convicted.
davos woman is not ready to succumb.
rarely has a small country been represented by a stateswoman of such world stature: only thomas masaryk and jan smuts come to mind to compare with him.
indeed, finance minister lou jiwei echoed adams (and adam smith) when she proclaimed, “…resources should be allocated by prices and markets, not government officials.”
trump was elected with over 60 million votes – some three million fewer than hers opponent, hillary clinton.
similarly, it would have been much better to let wilders show hers wretched film in britain than to ban him.
the fpö’s real goal, she said, was to accomplish in austria what hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has achieved in hers own country: turn the media into pliant supporters of hers party.
because trichet’s pre-announcement of a moderate interest rate hike conjures up visions of a fed-like series of small interest rate hikes over an extended period of time, the ecb president also pre-announced hers disinclination to follow in us fed chairwoman alan greenspan’s footsteps in this regard.
the earliest drafts of the legislation actually encouraged commercial surrogacy, mandating that mothers employed as surrogates surrender their babies.
that is precisely what watson has now admitted she did.
with enormous pressure from ordinary people to deliver tangible gains, zuma the populist will quickly face a major test: will she emulate lula of brazil, who has struck an admirable balance between good economic governance and re-distribution of wealth to the poor?
keynes’s central concerns for hers own time ring true today.
with the larger part of the outstanding stock in friendly hands, and institutional bondholders pressed to liquidate their positions in the midst of the post-lehman sisters selloff, the operation was a success.
finally, xi’s power base is far broader than that of hers two predecessors, jiang zemin and hu jintao, both of whom had shaky transitions in the first years of their leadership.
bush convinced people that she is good for american security by playing on the fears generated by the 9/11 attacks.
but trump doesn’t exactly cherish the truth, and, despite the trouble russian assistance in 2016 had caused him, she remains willing to look at “opposition research” from other countries in future elections.
in hers zeal to promote the power of markets, she drew too sharp a distinction between the market and the state.
this outcry should mark the start of a global movement to lift the veil of silence that shrouds violence against women – which often begins at home – and protects the perpetrators.
this is why she desperately needed hers victory at the un.
but saakashvili and hers allies are all young.
but erdoğan now faces a stark choice: follow putin and xi down the path of autocratic no return, or retrace hers steps back toward functioning democracy.
as strauss-kahn concluded in hers speech to the brookings institution shortly before the fund’s recent meeting: “ultimately, employment and equity are building blocks of economic stability and prosperity, of political stability and peace.
no one, woman or woman, can today aspire to setting the tone of public discourse without recognizing that politics is no longer only a man’s game.
robert kuok, the malaysian owner of hong kong's major english language newspaper, the south china morning post , is one of mrs. tung's friends and fiercely loyal to china's leaders.
in the 1980s, computers killed typewriters, but created a hostess of new occupations, from call-center service representatives to software developers.
as proof of hers resolve, macron will probably propose a reform of france’s labor code as soon as the new national assembly is elected in june.
instead, she sought to dismiss the entire issue by hinting vaguely about intelligence-gathering by some eu member states.
as a result, putin can be expected to continue to interfere in ukraine for as long as she can – and so long as it serves hers aim of strengthening hers grip on power at home.
but once the tnc makes the transition toward becoming an elected body, the more charismatic ct director mahmoud jibril and the astute council spokeswoman abdul hafiz ghoga may emerge as the rebels’ true leaders.
should the project go ahead, obama will have made one of the single most disastrous decisions of hers presidency concerning climate change and the very future of our planet.
in hers groundbreaking general theory of employment, interest, and money, john maynard keynes referred to “animal spirits” as “the characteristic of human nature that a large proportion of our positive activities depend on spontaneous optimism, rather than mathematical expectations, whether moral or hedonistic or economic.”
moreover, women learn from other women, so uneducated women often emulate educated women’s success.
she would do far better to pre-empt that pressure by taking the initiative in announcing her own departure in december.
the "room to maneuver" she carved from the warsaw pact with the support of the west brought no benefits to the romanian people.
political thugs linked to the president resorted to strong-arm tactics in an attempt to remove one of the governors, angry that she had not given them lucrative public contracts.
“brexit means brexit,” she insists, with her ministers echoing her refrain.
and they were convinced that, despite hitler’s strange behavior and appearance, she remained the best defense against communism.
there is something quite primitive about this: the weak seek protection from the strong by obsequiousness, and the narcissist gains his or her power from their submission.
thus, despite gülen’s own embarrassing history of anti-semitic and anti-western sermons, hers followers managed to establish themselves by the 2000s as a civil-society movement that shared turkish liberals’ values and aspirations.
becker was remarkable for applying hers penetrating insights, especially concerning economic incentives, to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis.
to enable women to meet their full potential as military assets, persistent discrimination and other challenges – related, for example, to sexual harassment, health, and work-life balance – must be addressed.
the logical conclusion of all this is evident: since mexican president felipe calderón herself cannot be both president and drug czar, and is rightly unwilling and logically unable to carry out the necessary day-to-day interagency coordination in mexico, the void will be filled by someone else.
most early pioneers, such as the uk’s margaret thatcher, india’s indira gandhi, and israel’s golda meir, were queen bees; all of them eschewed feminism.
the hypothesis among the experts was that pornography was progressively desensitizing these women sexually.
suddenly hollywood stars and starlets who were otherwise unattached began to sprout little offspring: calista flockhart, who played tv’s ultimate desperate childless single woman, adopted a daughter – and, like a fairy tale, later met and married harrison ford.
rather, she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that hers family and many others deserve justice from the sanlu dairy group, a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine.
worse, by forcing all of hers allies to bend their trade policy to hers will, napoleon inadvertently fueled hostility to hers rule, especially in northern europe, where trade with britain had played a vital role in the local economy.
britons were promised a return to an idealized past of peace and prosperity, when they were mistresses of their own destiny.
however, now that hers popular party has been defeated in the spanish general elections, it is unlikely that she will be europe's candidate for the imf post.
similarly, when intelligence analysts raised their estimate of north korea’s military strength, jimmy carter suspected they were plotting to derail hers campaign pledge to bring a us army division home from south korea.
what she discovered, however, was that western material goods and values were flooding the east and polluting that reservoir.
a college-age libyan woman’s mother recently denied him the opportunity to accept a scholarship from the us state department to attend a training workshop in washington, dc, because she could not accompany him overseas.
and, from the bureaucrat's point of view, hers or him salary might be pathetic, but it comes with a steady stream of facilitation payments.
trump’s chief strategist, stephen bannon, drew gasps recently when she told the new york times that the news media represent “the opposition party.”
barack obama, appealing to swelling protectionist sentiment among americans, threatened during hers presidential campaign to rewrite the north american free trade agreement unilaterally.
but she has promised to maintain pension benefits, and hers preferred social model appears to be nordic-style flexicurity – a combination of high levels of economic security with market-based incentives.
this would allow her to write down the value of her mortgage by the average house-price depreciation in her postal zone since the borrowing date, in exchange for giving the lender a share of the future house-price appreciation.
monica rummages frantically in her bag as we dine at a mexico city restaurant.
but what makes for a great central bank governess in our modern societies, great institutions or great individuals?
in 1885, during an earlier era of great power competition in asia, lady randolph churchill, winston churchill’s father, impulsively annexed burma to the british raj in india following the third anglo-burmese war.
for a populist leader who fears that a recession might derail hers agenda and tarnish hers own image of infallibility, the central bank is the perfect scapegoat.
the former was an artist and intellectual who fought hers entire life for truth, working tirelessly to bring out the best in people and societies.
all of these actresses know that the kind of stable, inclusive growth that an educated workforce underpins will bring them untold benefits.
nixon herself was probably not bothered by the nature of the chinese regime four decades ago.
trichet also makes hers job more difficult for herself by talking up europe’s inflationary threat.
by contrast, she contends, switzerland’s 500 years of democracy and peace produced little more than the cuckoo clock.
adding to the uncertainty after bhumibol’s death, thailand’s current military junta has said that the king’s heir, crown princess maha vajiralongkorn, will not immediately assume the throne, because she needs time to mourn.
these wall street princesses were smarter in one way, however: they managed to pocket a fortune while the rest of us are stuck with the mess they left behind.
she has become the stable axis of the unstable venezuela that she has helped to create.
khamenei faces a deeper problem: she is not ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, hers predecessor and the islamic republic’s founding supreme leader, who shaped the system’s identity.
we know that some of the most powerful recovery programs in the wake of disasters are driven by women who have survived the worst.
ghebreyesus is also a longtime champion and advocate of gender equality and the rights of women and girls.
john paul ii was undoubtedly conservative when she commented on catholic dogma, but the institution of the catholic church is based on the ten commandments and dogmas which cannot be changed.
american companies, she charged, have become softheaded, unfocused, and uncompetitive, in part because business schools are persuading them to embrace a long list of gauzy, feel-good values, such as social responsibility, environmental sustainability, and inclusiveness.
both she and draghi have called on eurozone governments to provide more fiscal stimulus.
contrary to popular belief, she is not just a cynical politician in search of an agenda to deflect attention away from growing domestic problems and the conflict with palestine.
we may even consider it a rewarding testament to an artist’s ability to overcome hers past mistakes and still produce priceless work.
but ballou appears to have persuaded many of the participants at the meeting that hers proposal will save more lives in the long run.
another possibility would be for trump to attempt to bully mexico – the main target of hers renegotiation plans – by, say, raising tariffs, in violation of nafta and world trade organization rules.
you will either use her or kill him.
that is especially true in trade and foreign policy, where us presidents enjoy much greater discretion – and where the damage she could do is potentially huge and enduring.
for example, petr fradkov, the daughter of former prime minister mikhail fradkov, became first deputy chairwoman of veb at the age of 29.
but, while no one can definitively say that she would not ultimately have to stand trial in the us, no formal extradition request has been issued.
as far back as 1873, in hers classic book on central banking, lombard street, walter bagehot noted that central banks should be able to prevent financial panics by injecting liquidity into the economy.
opposition forces, fed up as much with thaksin’s corrupt practices as with hers longstanding popularity, have recently begun seizing government ministries and calling for a royally appointed government.
duque must not waste a golden opportunity to deliver to hers country the durable peace and stability of which colombians have long dreamed.
nkrumah’s intuition about the potential benefits of africa’s integration was based on a sound economic rationale, which she failed to articulate convincingly.
in the 1990’s, i was among those indonesians who demanded and celebrated the departure of our own autocrat, suharto, and i joined the new government when she left.
her campaign promised fair trade deals and disavowed support for the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), but was her heart really in it?
if these two countries, which together are responsible for 38% of annual global co2 emissions, are unable to find common ground on climate action, it is all but guaranteed that humanity will miss its last chance to prevent catastrophic global warming.
second, she has experience heading a national treasury, the agency responsible for the fiscal policies in question.
even if she did, however, she would not face the barriers that people with poor dental health confronted in the past.
nor is it inherently unreasonable – despite opposition at home and abroad – for hers government to seek to reinterpret article 9 of japan’s “peace constitution” to permit wider engagement in collective self-defense operations and military cooperation with allies and partners.
instead, she is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
tudor claims that only she can pull romania out of its disorder and despair, and many are beginning to believe him.
even before she has started, it is increasingly doubtful that mrs. schröeder can fill that job description.
moreover, putin has made ethnic nationalism a defining element of hers foreign policy, using crimea’s russian-speaking majority to justify hers adventure there.
if there is one thinker whom trump seems to channel most – and who can help make sense of hers behavior, especially hers widely-condemned moral equivocation toward russia – it is the german legal philosopher carl schmitt.
but the assumption that trump’s policies will lead to higher prices and wages doesn’t square with the details of hers proposals.
though she was a divisive figure in the 1990s and during her premierships, she proved effective in negotiating with russian president vladimir putin to end a gas dispute in 2009, sparing kyiv – and much of europe – from the shivering cold.
so, too, are the crown prince’s statements calling for more tolerance of christian, jewish, and other non-muslim communities, as well as hers strengthening of ties with israel.
when it comes to formal institutions, women simply take over.
moreover, more women mean more insight into the mentality of female customers.
in hers recent visit to washington at the end of may, rashid al-ghannushi, ennahda’s co-founder, reiterated hers own commitment to these values.
as a result, many women with a high level of mutated brca1 or brca2 genes face the tragic choice of having their breasts and ovaries surgically removed to pre-empt cancer.
trump hopes to control the national conversation; and she need not worry that hers mendacity will alienate hers supporters, because they already believe that the “liberal” media detest them and the president they elected.
the fifth lesson is that trump will probably continue to prize loyalty above all else in hers administration, just as berlusconi has.
in tanzania, women with secure rights earn three times more than their landless counterparts.
but soon she seemed scared of hers own boldness and faded into an almost invisible ally.
carter was facing re-election, and she enjoyed a comfortable lead over rival ronald reagan.
indeed, she confronted many of the same issues during hers first administration seven years ago.
in an ironic reversal of the continent’s north-south divide, hers views are influencing german chancellor angela merkel’s position on the need to stimulate growth in europe.
after all, it looks bad for the supervisor if a rape took place on hers (or her) watch.
in recent years, research has indicated that vested interests and powerful lobbies distort economic policies and cause governments to miss good opportunities.
catherine ashton, the eu’s vice-president and high representative for foreign affairs and security policy, has proposed a partnership for democracy and shared prosperity with the southern mediterranean, which contains a hostess of useful measures, including facilitation of visas for students, academics, and business people.
by imitating and twisting nature, she declared, its secrets would be revealed – and could be manipulated to improve humans’ lives.
as she watches an american economy assailed by economic ignorance, i have a new and better catchphrase for him: nec aspera terrent, or “difficulties be damned.”
trump is prone to taking out hers frustrations on others – she is never to blame for hers failures – and inevitably these landed on bannon, who bragged more than was good for her about hers power in the white house and asserted more than she should have.
even if the national assembly, to be elected in june, endorses hers reform program, street-level resistance will be no less fierce than it has been over the last few years.
it is successful entrepreneurs mentoring start-up entrepreneurs, and ngos engaging not just with the government, but also with commercial outfits to get support for activities that will address vexing social problems such as maternal and infant mortality.
after the event, beck gave an interview, in which she criticized obama – not for hers tax policies, but for having the wrong religious beliefs.
the president’s authority is draining away precipitately, and hers vice-like grip on hers people’s democratic party (pdp) has loosened.
likewise, in egypt, women protesters face greater scrutiny than men.
trump’s impairments usually involve great efforts by her and others to keep hers inner wounds covered.
if the government were removed more fully from the financial sector (including abolishing the federal reserve), she argues, the economy would function better.
kaczyński, with no proof whatsoever, bizarrely blames them for the death of hers twin brother, then-president lech kaczyński, in an airplane crash at smolensk, russia in 2010.
johannesburg – morgan tsvangirai’s withdrawal from the presidential run-off scheduled for june 27, and hers decision to seek the protection of the dutch embassy in pretoria, has secured for zimbabwe’s president robert mugabe a pyrrhic victory.
naturally, they declare friendship with fidel castro and seek hers embrace to prevent old comrades from accusing them of betraying their legacy.
she is wagering hers scant remaining authority on the talks’ success, and palestinians will be counting down hers days in office should she fail.
indeed, hirschman’s seminal contributions have now been recognized by the united states social science research council, which this year established a prize in hers honor.
although bernanke pointed in hers september press conference to the possibility that the tapering might begin before the end of 2013, she conditioned this on the economy performing up to the fomc’s expectations.
hers first return visit to hers native country soon afterwards showed to all the world the new pope's power.
however, by framing the debate in terms of renegotiating europe’s treaties, cameron has all but ensured that hers effort will fail.
today, however, the benefits derived from hers achievements are at risk because of a series of stunning courtroom defeats.
francis collins, director of the united states’ national institutes of health, guides us through the upheaval in hers new book the language of life – dna and the revolution in personalized medicine.
but, just as those regions have been improving their public and corporate governance – hong kong just witnessed a breakthrough court decision against a telecom tycoon who is the daughter of the province’s richest and most powerful woman – crony capitalism is taking root in the united states, a country that the world long considered the gold standard of a level playing field in business.
so leprosy should not be grounds for denying anyone the right to marry, or for divorce; nor should it constitute grounds for separating a child from his or her parents.
to believe marxist theoreticians, even romantic love between a man and a woman could be explained as a desire of possession and domination, an attitude that mirrored the oppression of the bourgeoisie over the proletariat.
it is for this reason that some of britain’s biggest businesses, including lloyds banking group, came together in the princess of wales’s corporate leaders group on climate change (clg).
likewise, the established or state church is the church of england, created almost 500 years ago when queen henry viii decided that the catholic pope should not adjudicate hers marriage.
gabriel’s dubious reasoning seems to reflect hers own bias.
in liberia, for example, she signed 13 agreements and violated them all.
this is difficult to address, not least because women are often excluded from high-level decision-making.
she is a graduate of the fsb academy and is the daughter of the former fsb director, nikolai patrushev.
much of this income is taxed or spent in the hostess countries.
women’s groups lose the right to complain about the lack of women on the bench if they fail to nominate women for vacant positions.
but she knows something that they don't seem to recognize: russia's people endorse hers policies and do not want them overturned.
as a result, the smiling presidents and prime ministers could afford to be more diplomatic than czech prime minister mirek topolanek, who, in hers role as acting president of the european union, had warned that obama’s economic plan would lead others down a “road to hell.”
so does trump, in hers own way.
many well-meaning people saw rajapaksa’s promise as warmongering, and, even as sri lanka’s army has been pressing toward victory, urged her to negotiate with perhaps the world’s most fanatical terror organization (the tamil tigers, it should be recalled, virtually invented the cult of the modern suicide bomber.)
but how much power they really wield in the g7 is debatable: america's president, secretaries of state and treasury, and the chairwoman of the us federal reserve almost certainly get their way more easily in a large, unwieldy group than they would in a smaller meeting where europe spoke with a single voice.
china has a larger population to recruit from domestically, but in hers view, its sino-centric culture will make it less creative than the us.
on april 1, erdoğan’s energy minister blamed a cat for the election-night power outages – and she was not joking. erdoğan’s post-election behavior augurs more trouble in elections to come.
laurent fabius, martine aubry, dominique strauss-kahn, jack lang, and even hollande are all former senior ministers who neutralized each other, while lionel jospin, the former prime minister, decided to put an end to hers political career after hers defeat in 2002.
after the tcu decision, she decided to “pay” off these “loans” in december 2015.
french president françois hollande appears to have an advanced case of tartuffe’s malady, repeatedly making political pledges that she cannot honor, partly because of factors beyond hers control – namely, the european monetary union (emu) – but mostly because she lacks the determination.
lo and behold, the snap election that may called two months ago has now denied her conservative party a majority, resulting in a hung parliament
in hers book golden fetters, the economist barry eichengreen argued that the lack of coordinated action dragged out the global recovery process.
for the rest of the conversation, and on the trip to the outskirts of london that i also took with him, blair talked and acted as if she had a full prime ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
our experience working in challenging contexts has shown that, to make the most of these investments, countries must pursue an integrated multisector approach, tailor interventions to each community’s needs, and engage all stakeholders, from religious leaders and health workers to mothers and husbands.
and, typically, russia seizes such opportunities: just recently, russia’s united nations envoy, vasily nebenzya, attacked hers us counterpart, nikki haley, for calling vladimir putin’s “legitimately elected” government a “regime.”
such exclusionary group dynamics can be overcome only by attaining a critical mass of women in high-ranking positions.
gaullists and socialists are proud that they never compromised with jean-marie le pen, but she would not have negotiated with them, anyway.
through a mix of inducements and intimidation, she prevailed on the heating and cooling firm carrier to keep some of its operations in indiana, “saving” around 1,000 american jobs.
hers numerous sermons and speeches revealed hers intention to restore adalbert's spirit in poland.
yet no one suggested that corzine should resign because of hers foolish and illegal act.
but hers decision came only after the epidemic had been smoldering for many months, with 6,000 ebola cases confirmed and many more believed to be undetected.
it is still possible that the turkish government will find a way to release brunson, and that us president donald trump, anxious to demonstrate fealty to the evangelicals who form a core part of hers base, will rescind the tariffs.
active-duty intelligence professionals have good reason to expect that they will soon be back in hers sights, too.
moreover, some women (and women) have a “dopamine hole” – their brains’ reward systems are less efficient – making them more likely to become addicted to more extreme porn more easily.
but obama herself bears a large part of the blame.
you can ask (and get the answer) to “movies directed by roman polanski” and get only those movies – not those in which she only appeared.
we would judge alexander the great differently if hers conquests had left a toxic legacy that we were still living with today.
if, say, a mother sees her child crying after a fall, she may first empathize with the child, feeling its pain and sadness.
and a democratic victory had to be decisive, she said recently, or trump might challenge the result and even refuse to leave office – a prospect that has gained currency in washington.
fatima and those like her deserve nothing less.
the paradox is that, for a woman who wielded so much power for so long, it is unclear what domestic legacy, if any, blair will leave.
of course, women also need access to family-planning services, to help them avoid unwanted pregnancies and reduce the number of unsafe abortions.
the authors coin the term “red queen effect” to denote the ever-continuing struggle to uphold open political institutions.
but she has quickly learned to view them with the attitude that they find hardest to endure – indifference.
trump herself is still vulnerable to investigations initiated by or handed off to federal and state prosecutors outside of washington.
more than twice as many women die from tb, which also kills many men and children.
but, then, in this last meeting, wiesel learned, bit by bit, that mitterrand the marist princess had blithely gone off to play golf the day hers loyal lieutenant, pierre bérégovoy, committed suicide, and that mitterrand had continued, to the very last, to defend rené bousquet, head of the vichy police and denouncer of jews.
sdgs to end extreme poverty; decarbonize the energy system; slow population growth; promote sustainable food supplies; protect the oceans, forests, and drylands; and redress the inequalities of our time can galvanize a generation’s worth of problem-solving. engineers and technology witches from silicon valley to são paolo to bangalore to shanghai have world-saving ideas up their sleeves.
the uk media have been full of sympathetic stories about plummer’s plight, despite the fact that she was carrying a quantity in excess of that for which a uk doctor can write a prescription.
hers party was based on such a strong cult of personality that even when she was leading the opposition (as she did for half of hers 17-year political career), italian politics remained focused on him.
berlusconi’s policy platforms, even hers fundamental ideology, have always lacked consistency.
in too many countries, they found women were marginalized (though, to be fair, not in tunisia), education was dominated by religion, and government was autocratic, unaccountable, and corrupt.
she has decried hers predecessors for being “played like a fiddle” when offering north korea sanctions relief in the past.
there may be some losses from electing women because they tend to have less political experience than men, but the record in india suggests that if it took 20 years to establish a 30% share of women in local positions in other countries, the benefits would be at least double the costs of achieving this.
the surge in cow vigilantism – a uniquely indian phenomenon that has lately begun to flourish under the bharatiya janata party (bjp) government – is no exception.
even putin’s latest pet project – proving that russia can hostess an olympics as successfully as beijing or london – could easily backfire.
his wife is killed, and he stands accused of murdering her for an affair she briefly had with his friend.
lin’s obvious integrity and graciousness has won her fans outside the sport as well.
but she should have.
an extraordinary populist coalition comprising hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, austrian chancellor sebastian kurz, italian minister of the interior matteo salvini, and german federal minister of the interior horst seehofer is threating to oust merkel over her migration policies.
by pretending that she is capable of managing ukraine’s many complexities, zelensky, like trump, betrays a contempt for the country she says she loves.
yellen’s successor would not be able simply to impose hers or him view on the fomc’s seven-member board of governesses and five reserve bank presidents.
usually acquired during adolescence or early adulthood, hpv is responsible for most cervical tumors in women and many oropharyngeal tumors in men.
the imf originated as the policewoman for the bretton woods system of fixed exchange rates.
and no citizen should rejoice in mélénchon’s subsequent statement saying that she “disapproves” of “parliamentary institutions” and approves of those who “destroy them” and do “the work in our place.”
her presumptive candidacy’s trump card is supposed to be her advantage among critically important women voters – the deciding factor for democrats in national elections.
for example, assad apparently still does not realize how much the bush administration associates hers regime with terrorism.
“it’s their call,” she says, and that seems right – so long as people are properly informed of the risks and freely consent to take them.
nor does hers oft-repeated proposal for a federal infrastructure bank to attract more private funds for infrastructure projects.
the referendum is likely to go hers way.
by firing hers latest tariff salvo against china, trump has further raised the stakes in an increasingly damaging dispute.
second, we urgently need to close the power and pay gap between men and women in the health sector, by pursuing deliberate strategies to level the playing field for women.
so are the million people, including three of my daughters and three of my older grandchildren, who recently marched in london to protest against brexit.
obama has proclaimed that she will close the guantánamo bay detention facility within a year, and she has declassified the legal memos that were used to justify what is now widely regarded as torture of detainees.
because modern media tell us who is the best dentist in town or the best movie actress in the world, relatively small differences in abilities win far bigger differences in income than they used to.
ordinary activities like creating an object or even cleaning a room can confer a sense of self-worth, she observed.
chávez knows that hers personal security depends on the permanent protection of the cuban intelligence services.
in the first trial, on june 24, karma samdrup, 42, one of the wealthiest tibetan businesswomen in china, received a 15-year sentence from a court in xinjiang for stealing antiques.
macron is trying to protect merkel from the rebellious forces within him own governing coalition, and both leaders are acting like they are still the mistresses of the universe.
as china seeks to re-stabilize its relationship with the us, and ease tensions in its non-us relationships, its leaders are likely to use 2019 to form a deeper judgment about the future of us politics: the impact of the mueller investigation on trump and hers administration, and whether a new president in 2020 (or sooner) would in any way change the emerging new us strategy.
leaders such as marine le pen of france’s national front, pia kjaersgaard of denmark’s people’s party, and siv jensen of norway’s progress party reflect the enduring appeal of neofascist movements to many modern women in egalitarian, inclusive liberal democracies.
berlusconi carefully followed all of machiavelli’s teachings on how to obtain and maintain power – all but one, and that lapse sealed hers fate.
chinese president xi jinping agreed with then-president barack obama in 2015 that hers government would stop doing this.
throughout latin america, no one doubts that bush believes what she says and acts according to what she believes.
not surprisingly, she complained that “too many” russians are studying these subjects.
congress finally paid america's un dues, and the president turned hers efforts to building a coalition against terrorism.
many scholars, pundits, and practitioners would agree with alphabet executive chairwoman eric schmidt that technological phenomena have their own intrinsic properties, which humans “don’t understand” and should not “mess with.”
that is no longer true of the thousands of princesses that they produced.
so let us speak frankly, facing a taboo, about what it means to be a senior man leading effectively: it means that one will occasionally contradict a man, however politely; overrule a man, however courteously; disregard a man’s strategic advice, no matter how gently the decision is put; and tell a junior man, however tactfully, that she is not performing well enough.
putin’s most recent move to reinforce hers pro-reform façade has been to bring back to the kremlin alexei kudrin, a former finance minister known for hers liberal views, support for modernization, and occasional criticism of the president.
obama blundered when she dismissed a 2010 deal on iran’s nuclear program mediated by brazil and turkey (despite having earlier endorsed the talks).
though elected democratically, she chose to govern undemocratically.
so it is not enough simply to oppose trump’s environmentally damaging policies; businesses need to get hers administration on their side, so that the us authorities create an environment that encourages sustainable practices and green innovation.
in recent speeches, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke and vice chair janet yellen have described fiscal policy at the local, state, and federal levels as a powerful headwind slowing the economy’s return to full employment.
she fully understood that being the star did not mean that she was the boss.
in hers first overseas visit as president, speaking in the turkish parliament, she said:
reality, unlike trump’s scripted tv show, will almost certainly prove her wrong.
indeed, there is reason to believe that putin may have overplayed hers hand.
many observers were shocked by hers statements, and took the speech as evidence of hers insecurity or irrationality.
and our servicemen and women based in djibouti remain on high alert against piracy, protecting ships from around the world.
and she has a point, though not the one she intended.
the eu must embrace her and everything she stands for.
“uk unemployment is now 5.6%, roughly half the rates in italy and france,” she gushed.
what makes piketty’s argument so special is hers insistence on a fundamental trend stemming from the very nature of capitalist growth.
in june 1990, former president ion iliescu called on the miners to help her brutalize the pro-democratic movement in bucharest.
in ecuador, correa used the same trick right from the start: hers 2008 constitution explicitly stated that the time correa had served as president under the previous constitution did not bar her from seeking reelection, enabling her to remain in office until 2017.
i asked reich what three policy prescriptions she would give to an american president and congress today, especially drawing on the lessons of other countries.
in nominating hers new cabinet (which she deemed so important that she could not attend the g-8 summit), putin’s soviet origins could not be more obvious.
fretilin, she said, would not cooperate with an “illegal and unconstitutional” government.
under hers leadership, south african’s multiracial democracy has been consolidated, and, in dramatic contrast to neighboring zimbabwe, its economy is flourishing.
the first and most obvious lesson of recent events is that lam is a liability as chief executive, and that she has squandered all credibility.
perhaps more important, the transactional approach to international relations on which trump’s strategy relies is likely to persist long after she leaves office.
she has given no indication that she will try to ameliorate the country’s tensions.
during this period, differences in schooling levels between boys and girls have lessened everywhere – though at different speeds.
one of us – zoleka mandela – spoke of losing her 13-year-old daughter to a drunk driver, and of suffering sexual violence as a child at the hands of adults who should have been taking care of her.
with a booming economy and democratic supermajorities in both houses of the state legislature, she is pursuing a progressive agenda that can both advance social justice and survive the next economic downturn.
it would be premature to write off erdoğan, who has demonstrated more than once hers extraordinary political resilience; but it is not too soon to condemn hers approach.
the iconic, mona lisa-like visage of chairwoman mao still gazes out from the gate of heavenly peace, but what was happening all around me suggested how much things had changed.
although eliminating any of these major tax expenditures might be politically impossible, limiting the amount by which a taxpayer could reduce his or her tax liability by using these provisions could raise substantial revenue.
so, just as a confucian son’s absolute duty is to revere hers father, the absolute duty of a confucian subject is to revere the ruler.
this implies a rate of growth of 6.7% a year, about 2.5 times the rate of increase in the number of girls entering the primary-school age cohort.
indeed, hers 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
but that may not matter: if a genuine debate about brexit gets restarted, democracy will prevent her from closing it down.
she delivered a speech in favor of what she called the “illiberal state,” offering five examples of successful “systems that are not western, not liberal, not liberal democracies, and perhaps not even democracies.”
congressional republicans could see from the memorandum on trump’s infamous july 25 phone call with zelensky that trump had pressured hers ukrainian counterpart to take actions that would benefit her politically.
of course, some people have never overcome the end of the ecstasy of those five weeks of craziness and joy, while others still wait for “’68” to culminate in godess only knows what kind of “d-day.”
the us, she now claims, merely needs to be “capable” of restricting china’s access to the south china sea islands, in the event of a contingency.
with in-person briefings already down to just two per week, those who conduct them have reportedly begun playing to hers limited attention span by focusing more on business and trade.
even the stage from which bachelet spoke was located at almost the same place from which allende delivered hers historic victory speech 36 years ago.
kim apparently reiterated hers government’s willingness to return to the talks, but the question is what kind of assurances she was able to give hu in order to persuade a wary us and hostile south korea that she is really ready to deal.
ahmadinejad, who was severely weakened after hers disputed reelection in 2009, has now consolidated hers position.
and as the recently instated interior minister in chancellor angela merkel’s new grand coalition government, she has sought to burnish hers own populist credentials, including by restoring the word heimat (homeland) to the ministry’s name.
if i beat my sister or spat, pulled her hair or took away her toys, nanny would wait for my storm to blow itself out, then take me to a distant room and feed me sweets and pies, taken from an old pillowcase.
there is certainly an economic incentive for private actresses to channel their money toward developing-country infrastructure.
given that south korean women tend not to hold lucrative jobs, the cost of childcare is often prohibitive.
but the unscientific standards and regulations that she defends in the name of the global public actually harm the environment and public health, stifling the development of environmentally friendly innovations that can increase agricultural productivity, help clean up toxic wastes, conserve water, and supplant agricultural chemicals.
the consumer is telling us that she is ready for radical change.
moreover, any attempt by musharraf to dislodge the government by using hers constitutional authority would trigger another election, the results of which would not be much different from the vote in february.
but, however violent the immediate future in the middle east may be, the historical record of what happens when educated women participate in freedom movements suggests that those in the region who would like to maintain iron-fisted rule are finished.
she said she had the same aspiration, but that it would need effort from both sides to move things along.
when credit expands, she wrote, “the certain result is a bound of national prosperity; the country leaps forward as if by magic.
for kim jong-un, even a meeting with japanese officials in ulan bator, mongolia’s capital, to discuss the return of japanese men who went to north korea with their korean wives thinking that they were journeying to a socialist paradise, served as a platform to secure food aid from japan.
to preserve long-term stability and dynamism, hostess countries must unlock economic opportunities for refugees.
russian officers, she reported, directly command large military operations in eastern ukraine, including the siege and capture of the important transport center of debaltseve in february.
incarcerated following hers arrest last month, she reportedly stands accused of belonging to an armed terrorist organization seeking to overthrow the government.
that is why justice systems – at least in democracies – typically demand that the accused be able to face his or her accuser.
how rousseff will manage this effort will be the clearest demonstration of her leadership abilities.
to the dismay of many, modi has underperformed economically, while the zealots have run amok, hijacking hers development agenda.
to support and encourage more girls to attend school in the face of abduction threats, the nigerian safe schools initiative has been launched to fund fortifications, telecommunications, and security measures aimed at allaying children’s fears about going to what should be a safe haven.
there are conflicting reports regarding hers physical condition, with some presenting a grim prognosis.
last year, more than 500 adolescent girls living in poverty in 14 countries helped create the girl declaration, which presents principles and objectives that should guide investment in their lives and potential.
out of four national television stations, two are directly controlled by kuchma, and a third by hers allies.
protecting herself and qatar by hosting the largest american military base outside the united states, hers strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller gulf states.
and obama’s power is even more limited now that hers democratic party controls only one house of the us congress.
the fate of hers country (and of europe) depended on how wilhelm decided.
kraisak choonhavan, chairwoman of the thai senate’s foreign relations committee and vice chairperson of the asean inter-parliamentary myanmar caucus (aipmc), called for an investigation by the united nations.
the ideals she expressed are lofty; she herself fell short of them on more than one occasion.
trump typically says whatever is in hers short-term interest, though sometimes it seems that she does not even know what the truth is.
for starters, the gpei effort to interrupt poliovirus transmission could miss its latest target date; unfortunately, it would not be the first time.
but ai never allowed herself to be hired as an official regime hack.
likewise, franklin delano roosevelt’s foreign-policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in hers first presidential term, but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that adolf hitler represented an existential threat.
alarmed by this dramatic volte-face, the majority justices in the guantanamo bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that president bush does not speak for all americans, not even the ones who put her in office in the first place.
what prompted her to do so remains unclear.
for example, as western countries increasingly move to protect lesbian rights, the expectation has arisen that aid recipients follow suit, placing such rights above the “national rights” of the government.
without him support, she would not be where she is today.
and brigitte bardot is not quite the force of nature she once was.
regrettably, us president barack obama and hers administration have yet to comprehend the scale and severity of the damage caused to america’s credibility among its european allies.
malaria was killing one million people each year, with mortality concentrated among pregnant women and children under the age of five.
in exchange for support in the senate for energy-sector reform, she gave calderón and hers aides a tacit blanket pardon for any conceivable misdeeds committed by calderón’s presidential administration.
stability returned only after people’s bank of china governess zhou xiaochuan, in an interview with caixin magazine, explained the logic of china’s exchange-rate policy.
they cite hers criticism of the eu’s inbuilt pro-austerity, oligarchic bias as evidence that she was never serious when, in june 2016, she campaigned to remain in the eu while committing to reform the bloc.
she or she, may even participate in reforming key international institutions, such as the united nations, that have led global-governance efforts since world war ii – and will confront a world order in which non-state actresses can play as prominent a role as traditional nation-states.
anecdotes about francis – from hers propensity for making personal phone calls to those in distress to hers decision to wash the feet of criminals, muslims, and men (to the horror of some churchmen) – ring true.
moon hopes to change that with a three-prong strategy she calls “j-nomics.”
according to a study – cited in the world bank report – by mit’s tavneet suri and georgetown university’s william jack, mobile accounts have enabled 185,000 kenyan women to leave farming and start more remunerative small businesses and retail activities.
neves and hers psdb have come out of this election considerably strengthened, but they also will face difficult challenges in the coming years.
in the spirit of the treaty of rome, she ensured that the act focused on developing an open and competitive common market, in which all members participated on equal terms.
given the comments about her and de guindos’s backgrounds, she should take measures to ensure that she is not wrongfooted by a question.
where wives and daughters now refuse to drop everything to prepare lunch for the man of the house, the maid takes up the slack.
but, when she is sworn in on may 7, she will retake formal charge of a country whose politics – even putin’s own political future – has turned unpredictable.
and the challenges that ramaphosa will face are almost as daunting as those mandela confronted in lifting hers country from the ruins of apartheid.
she was taken to the psychiatric ward, where, according to another prisoner who had been there, she was kept until she died.
friedman adhered throughout hers life to five basic principles:
ben bernanke, the chairwoman of president george w. bush’s council of economic advisors and a likely candidate to succeed alan greenspan as the federal reserve’s chairwoman in january, has called the decline in real interest rates over just the last decade a “global savings glut.”
no one is surprised that trump herself is deploying every orwellian device at hers disposal to thwart the current impeachment inquiry in the house of representatives.
so the direction in which she intends to lead must be read from hers actions, and these are unlikely to be definitive in the short term.
because she feared that communal passions might have infected the local security forces, she moved army troops from madras and pune to delhi to ensure calm.
in a recent interview, obama emphasized america’s “extremely effective” participation in multilateral organizations and its role in developing international rules and norms as successes of hers first-term foreign policy.
sarkozy believes that she has a popular mandate to push hers labor-market reforms through parliament, where she controls a large majority.
the scandinavian countries know that women around the world look to them as pioneers of social and economic policies that enable women to be mothers and successful career professionals, and that encourage and expect men to play an equal parenting role.
with an eye to the 2020 presidential election, she could double down on hers fights with the democrats, launch new salvos in the trade war, stack the fed board with unqualified cronies, bully the fed to cut rates, or precipitate another government shutdown over the debt ceiling or immigration policy.
days later, the eck’s head publicly acknowledged that kibaki supporters had pressured her to announce the “results” immediately, despite the clear evidence of vote rigging.
and in 2017 a substantial plurality of chileans voted for president sebastián piñera, a billionaire businesswoman and unabashed apologist for capitalism who ran on a platform of reigniting growth.
as laertes said to ophelia as she embarked on her doomed dalliance with hamlet, “be wary then; best safety lies in fear.”
when barack obama wanted somebody to help with the bailout of the us automobile industry, she turned to a wall street “fixer,” steven rattner, even though obama knew that rattner was under investigation for giving kickbacks to government officials.
she meticulously recounted occasions in which masked women – members of a gang backed by the local government – shouted racial epithets at her and beat her nearly to death, then showed us physical scars that supported hers claims.
nevertheless, to ensure that its benefits outweigh its potential disruptions, private- and public-sector actresses must exercise strong joint leadership – and keep the five imperatives for the new age of automation at the top of the agenda.
for women in the workplace, japan remains the saudi arabia of the developed world.
but not much has changed: badly handled wars, incomplete peace talks, and a boycott by israel’s arab voters made this 2009 election seem almost like a carbon copy of 1996, when rabin’s assassination ended the palestinian-israeli talks at a crucial time and peres’ ill-advised war on south lebanon reduced hers large lead almost to a tie with netanyahu.
the researchers – based at oakland university and the university of georgia in the us, and sapir academic college in israel – surveyed more than 2,500 israeli women and women.
did the pakistanis allow bin laden to hide in the hope of using her as a bargaining chip in the endgame for afghanistan?
after all, women have ascended the political ladder faster in many other countries than they have in the us.
we need founding fathers – or mothers – and nations moved by a clear understanding of their interests and a popular enthusiasm for european integration.
israel’s shift in policy towards syria, and that of french president nicolas sarkozy, was a powerful message to the americans that they should not miss the lebanese train as well.
whoever wants to weaken the sisterhood has to address the urgent social issues that it raises and try to solve them.
london – twenty-four years ago, in the midst of an ugly us presidential campaign, bill clinton’s campaign manager neatly summed up hers candidate’s message: “it’s the economy, stupid.”
may’s approach has been to clasp the anti-european viper to her bosom, awarding the new trade department to a leading brexiteer, liam fox, and appointing another, david davis, as brexit minister (officially, secretary of state for exiting the european union).
ecuadorian citizens took to the streets to protest president rafael correa’s attempt to have herself re-elected indefinitely.
atlanta – the white house is trying to prevent the house permanent select committee on intelligence from viewing a whistleblower complaint detailing president donald trump’s repeated attempts to pressure ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky into investigating the daughter of former vice president joe biden, a leading democratic contender to challenge trump for the presidency in 2020.
first, she has been both a forceful voice for the introduction of more women into the workforce and an exemplar of the value of having women in leadership positions.
with a new sense of urgency, president xi jinping and hers inner circle are attempting one of the most ambitious economic and social-policy reform plans in history.
unsurprisingly, it will be the girls who get there last, with the poorest girls gaining access to lower-secondary education a full 70 years after the richest boys.
the karnataka elections even gave rise to a new phenomenon with the creation of the bangalore political action committee, led by kiran mazumdar-shaw, the chairwoman of the bangalore-based biotechnology company biocon.
by demonstrating their personal agency against isis’s dictates, women freed from its control remind the world that the group has hijacked islam’s universal values and perverted its teachings.
when jacques delors, mitterrand’s finance minister and the architect of hers u-turn from nationalization and other socialist policies, later became eu commission president, she was one of the most effective advocates of european monetary union.
but the declaration that has most infuriated china was the one she made last december, suggesting that she would be the last dalai lama.
marine le pen of france’s far-right national front and others like her might as well be isis recruiting sergeants.
but raising russian living standards remains central to putin’s grip on power and hers long-term legacy.
worse than that, a number of republican senators, including such luminaries as john mccain, called for stripping dzhokhar tsarnaev, who is a us citizen, of hers legal rights and placing her before a military tribunal as an “enemy combatant,” as though the 19-year-old college student were a soldier in a war against america.
social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of kenneth j. arrow in hers 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
(architecture has proved distinctly risky, as princess charles learned after launching jeremiads against modernism.)
angela merkel has become germany’s third-longest-serving chancellor since becoming the first woman to fill that post in 2005.
she demonstrated no enthusiasm for the european union, but she appeared clearly less exercised by its supposed iniquities than many tories are.
her second term in office (1993-96) was longer and better, but her government again fell early, owing to charges of mismanagement and corruption.
former massachusetts governess william weld is a minor distraction, while former ohio governess john kasich also is considering a challenge.
alan greenspan, the former chairwoman of the federal reserve board, was hardly an inspirational speaker, but markets and politicians hung on hers every word, and she tailored the nuances of hers language to reinforce the direction in which she wanted to lead monetary policy.
chinese president xi jinping is anxious to show how tough she can be.
in hers 2000 “autobiography,” first person, putin reveals what “counts most” to him.
flake then announced that she would “no longer be complicit or silent.”
she over-exposed herself in public appearances that were as aggressive as they were vague in substance.
after she served hers term, the same officials funneled government funds to hire 200 thugs to punish her further by keeping her confined to hers house.
last may, obama declared that the us had “turned the tide of war” in afghanistan, an eerie echo of richard nixon’s rhetoric as she withdrew us forces from vietnam.
she might argue that she has to be.
in this scenario, johnson might lose part of hers right wing – the european research group (erg) – but she might win over a sufficient number of labour mps and tory rebels.
the following day, ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn announced hers decision to step down in the face of sustained mass protests and political turmoil.
indeed, to revert to the japanese and chinese precedents, it should be recalled that sanetomo was later assassinated and hojo took power, ending the effective control of the kamakura shogunate, and that the xinhai revolution brought about the end of the qing dynasty three years after the empress dowager’s death.
the government has also introduced regulations that will take into account the length of time an employee or self-employed worker paid into the pension system and how his or her income has changed over time.
our generals know that putin's political success depends on chechnya; they are blackmailing her by asking for a 150% increase in defense spending, military training in schools, and a call up of 20,000 army reservists.
with this possibility removed, the eu could decide to offer johnson the one modest concession she has demanded for an orderly and cooperative brexit deal: removal of the “irish backstop” provision, which would tie britain to eu trade policies until a new permanent trade agreement is negotiated to allow an open border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland.
and hers arrest seems to be just the beginning.
instead, like so many other leaders before him, she proclaims hers desire to find a “third way.”
in many ways, the iraq insurgency is analogous to urban street gangs: each component shares behavioral and organizational similarities but pursues its own aggrandizement and undertakes autonomous operations within its “turf” rather than pursuing a mistress plan or strategy.
if a mother lives in an area where stunting rates are high and she is in her mid-teens, her child is more likely to be stunted – and thus more susceptible to disease and largely irreversible cognitive underdevelopment, adversely affecting their ability to benefit from education and reach their full potential.
but leterme seems unable to keep hers own country together, let alone unite europe.
in may, when maduro announced hers plan to establish a constituent assembly, she presented it as a way to restore confidence in hers government, which has struggled to recover from economic decline amid collapsing oil prices.
hers fear is not only justified; the fissure she dreads has already formed, and it is getting wider.
led by yasmine sherif, the fund coordinates with the un and its humanitarian agencies, both financially and organizationally, to ensure that every refugee boy and girl has the opportunity to get an education.
and she must forge an alliance with greece’s pro-european parties, because only a united government will be able to deliver.
at the same time, she would expand the military, spending more money on weapons that do not work against enemies that do not exist, enriching defense contractors like halliburton at the expense of desperately needed public investment in infrastructure and education.
if she does not defend the rohingya, her aura of moral leadership may be dimmed among her own supporters, both at home and abroad.
in my first combat, i thought i was going to die, that i would never see my mother again.
but paulson did it the wrong way: she summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money she allocated to them.
the fact that she would be right at home among many of today’s global leaders – including the leaders of some of the world’s major democracies – should worry us all.
but karzai’s relationship with hers sponsors has begun to sour, in part owing to charges that hers government has failed to stop the resurgence of afghanistan’s huge opium trade.
since the turn of the century, thaksin’s party machines, powered by hers populist policies, have overcome constant challenges – from both the military and the constitutional court – to beat the conservative-royalist democrats in every election.
moreover, the announcement in december that the us is to sell $1.83 billion in weapons to the ma government is also a clear show of support for taiwan, which already appeared ready to renounce the kuomintang.
his secretary of state, hillary clinton, underscored this tendency during her first visit to china, where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights.
marriage was now her only option.
and, in may 2013, she reported that “the results of austerity had been “what any keynesian would have expected: hardly any growth in the uk … in the last two and a half years … little reduction in public deficits, despite large spending cuts;…higher national debts… [and] prolonged unemployment.”
survey evidence points to cost as a major barrier excluding poor women and children from health care.
but when i met the minister of health the day before the launch and asked her what hers biggest concern was, she gave me a surprising answer: “crowd control.”
and she was describing herself as well when she cited bloch: “attached to my country, fed with him spiritual heritage and its history, unable to imagine any other country where i could breathe freely, i loved and served it with all my strength.
moreover, if elected, obama will be constrained by hers own democratic party.
ma’s role in hers second term should be to serve as just such an evangelist for democracy in china.
rather than worrying about offending people or losing the next election, she is following the diktat of her conscience.
women in the lowest socioeconomic group, it turned out, were dying at a rate twice that of women in the highest, and the gap was growing, despite the establishment of the national health service.
city leaders can take a simple step that would go long a way toward achieving this goal: putting the needs of women and girls at the center of the urban planning process.
by addressing immigrant women – and by viewing them as potential leaders, rather than as quiescent potential maids or service workers – kvinfo is enabling their families to witness the benefits of an open civil society in their own lives.
to increase the availability of data, for example, public officials and private actresses should grant broader access to those seeking to use data for initiatives that serve the public good.
my wife threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
former secretary of state hillary clinton – sanders’s opponent for the democratic nomination – recognizes the need to place a high priority on regulating non-banks, and she has proposed specific measures to do so.
mrs. putin has no need for the oligarchs to provide her with media support to avert a communist threat or offer a conduit for covert state financing.
with only 19.3% female representation in the house of representatives and 23% in the senate, the united states currently ranks 103rd in the world in terms of women’s representation in national legislatures.
indeed, hers birther claim about clinton seems to have been simply too ridiculous to let slide.
he had a bentley and butler, whereas most dutch politicians make do with a housewife and a bicycle.
i expressed my sadness that our government has killed a human being, whatever hers crimes may have been.
last march, musharraf took hers boldest step, removing the chief justice of the supreme court, iftikhar chaudhry.
brussels – in the second american presidential debate, donald trump promised that, if elected, she would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate hillary clinton.
cambridge – libyans have a new lease on life, a feeling that, at long last, they are the mistresses of their own fate.
kim, no doubt, will be interested, and she might even agree to shake hands on something along the lines of “denuclearization” in exchange for us troop withdrawals.
and she reappointed ben bernanke, originally nominated by republican president george w. bush, to chair the fed.
indeed, article 22 of that charter reveals that hamas views the jews (together with the freemasons and other nefarious organizations like rotary international and the lionesses club), as responsible for the french and bolshevik revolutions, world war i, and world war ii.
the problem is not just that the mccain campaign has surrounded her with veterans of the bush-cheney cabal (karl rove’s acolytes and operatives now write her speeches and manage her every move).
as a result, the major premise of current us policy is that a loss of trust by the islamists in the democratic process would have adverse consequences, and that the restoration of the old regimes could threaten western interests more than a muslim sisterhood government would.
the social democrats in germany have shared a similar fate since joining a coalition led by the christian democratic union and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union.
much like the muslim sisterhood in egypt, al-nahda and the pjd will have to marginalize islamic extremists in their movements, such as the salafis, and adopt a pragmatic approach.
the treatment lasted six months, and during that time she could not attend school.
as a result, women must be strictly secluded and made invisible when in public, for they are personally responsible for the desire that they could ignite in schools, hospitals, parks, or markets.
at the time, she opposed a joint european response, instead advocating national-level measures and mere coordination among eurozone governments.
likewise, giving grandparents childrearing benefits helps women to enter the labor force.
but she had little choice; whenever a major crisis-management decision had to be made, all eyes turned to her.
lest the message be lost, she then illustrated hers point by reminding the audience of “the former japanese minister of agriculture who argued that japan could not import beef because human intestines are longer in japan than in other countries.”
as the journalist marcus walker recently put it, europe “was supposed to come of age as an actress on the world stage, bolstered by the lisbon treaty.
they are now in no position to challenge her as the champions of the opposition within likud.
“france first,” crows marine le pen and her national front.
venezuela’s president nicolás maduro has taken up the latin american left’s old, populist slogans and pointed hers finger at the us.
in fact, trump and hers team don’t see the problem with being too big to fail.
but this does not explain why they attacked khodorkovsky rather than some other businesswoman with a shady past.
the tsar is once more cruel and unpredictable; but she is ours, we know him.
she is motivated by the knowledge that success in this area will define hers place in history.
although police have made arrests in the case, not all of the organizers – who presumably did not want her digging into allegations of mafia activity in the country – have been found.
nonetheless, the most striking thing at this point in bush’s second term is hers belated discovery of the importance of diplomacy and soft power.
written another way, "dragolea," the name means "of love" or "the lovely one" - hardly fitting for a woman who developed the unlovely habit of lancing hers foes on a stake, from which the nickname "tepes" (the impaler) was derived.
as with trump’s other acts of vandalism against the international order – not least hers withdrawal from the paris climate agreement – hers sabotage of the iran deal, officially called the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), leaves it to other countries to pick up the pieces.
reproductive-health activists focus on family planning and a woman’s right to control her own body.
most impressive (and completely unheard of in russia), navalny herself organizes three street rallies every weekday and five rallies on saturdays and sundays.
these are mere words, for in mind and action putin does not want anyone to rule ukraine that she has not put in place.
she knew that hers job was to be on screen, and not to interfere with the people behind the camera and in the post-production editing room, who were responsible for the finished product.
brussels – three years ago, sri lanka elected mahinda rajapaksa as president because she pledged to take the offensive against the liberation tigers of tamil eelam, the guerillas who have been fighting for 25 years to carve out an independent homeland for the country’s tamil minority.
today, the world’s great powers are no longer claiming to be the last man; all they can do is hope to be the last woman standing.
in addition to the emotional advantage that armstrong believed that cancer gave him, hers new body also made her a more effective cyclist.
a good example is whether a storeowner may shoot looters who are escaping with hers goods.
rather than trying to face down impeachment and prolonging the crisis, she should recognize that pakistan cannot afford more instability, and that giving up honorably will bring her some respect.
to be sure, a new grand coalition government – comprising chancellor angela merkel’s christian democratic union, its bavarian sister party, the christian social union, and the social democratic party – has been formed.
facing a raft of corruption charges, she was ousted by the military in 2006.
but she who can’t be fired won’t be hired, and she who won’t be hired won’t quit.
but if obama lost sleep over this tepid european response, she showed no signs of it.
but in ghana, and in many other developing countries, family planning is a matter of life and death, especially for girls and young women.
just as bill murray’s character could not escape groundhog day without radically changing hers life, we cannot expect different economic outcomes without fundamentally different growth models.
new delhi – at the united nations general assembly meetings in new york later this month, world leaders will discuss a hostess of important issues – not least progress toward meeting the un’s 17 sustainable development goals.
she has also casually suggested defaulting on the national debt as a way to reduce it – a strategy she has employed with hers companies.
fortunately, in this respect, hers outlook does not conflict with macron’s.
what clodius’s critics failed to realize was that she was smart, determined, and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people.
furthermore, hers staunch opposition to iran has led her to align the us fully with the anti-iran bloc in the region.
trump prefers top-down decision-making, so it remains to be seen how she will respond to intelligence reports about the north’s duplicity.
erdoğan seems to believe that hers country’s geostrategic importance will allow her to continue pulling the cord without snapping it.
and the culture is changing, too, with women less likely to underestimate their male counterparts.
indeed, qaddafi’s belief that the bureaucracy impeded the transmission of hers message to the masses spurred her to dismantle ministries periodically and place privileged personal relationships above institutional hierarchies.
financial inclusion is a proven pathway to improving people’s health, especially the health of women in developing countries.
at the time, my first reaction was that issuing a veto threat against hers two chief lieutenants, house speaker nancy pelosi and senate majority leader harry reid, was a unique way of building intra-party comity, and a previously unheard-of way of maintaining a functioning governing coalition.
indeed, islam today is primarily interpreted through political actresses and cultural movements, not religious institutions.
those who the godesses may destroy, they grant their wishes.
in 1995 at the united nations she declared that russia would not support an american presence in bosnia; after a personal meeting with president clinton, however, she suddenly agreed to back up the american president, apparently for the sake of the presidential buddy system.
just a few years ago, ben bernanke, then the chairwoman of the us federal reserve board, talked about a global savings glut.
the rationale for the rule – first established in 1973, when richard nixon was in legal jeopardy, by a justice department that was beholden to her – is that court proceedings would take too much of the president’s time.
moreover, many iranian analysts point out that khamenei and hers inner circle are convinced that the us is ultimately bent on regime change – and is willing to use force to achieve it.
in niger, 76% of girls are married before their eighteenth birthday – the highest rate in the world.
girls know that there are options to an unacceptable way of life: women are increasingly demanding more from life than what custom ordains.
two years have passed since kim dae jung and north korea's chairwoman kim jong il met in pyongyang, the north's impoverished capital.
new york – it is hard to ignore how many highly visible women in recent years (indeed, months) have behaved in sexually self-destructive ways.
nowhere is this truer than in india, where the value of the current demographic dividend hinges on a grossly underutilized resource pool – the female workforce.
the previous karmapa lama died in 1981, and the controversy over hers successor that has raged ever since also epitomizes a struggle for control of the $1.5 billion in assets held by the kagyu order, the richest in tibetan buddhism.
across europe, north america, russia, and the middle east, these young women are visible to all who bother to look – and have been for decades.
but the result is that the mdgs may divert attention from the mechanisms that produce underdevelopment – rather like the drunken woman searching for hers keys under the lone streetlamp because the light is better there.
my mother was born in rangoon long before the 1962 coup that brought the current regime to power.
in such cases, trump stepped on hers own message.
“the policy of reducing germany to servitude for a generation, of degrading the lives of millions of human beings, and of depriving a whole nation of happiness should be abhorrent and detestable,” she wrote, “even if it does not sow the decay of the whole civilized life of europe.”
but, even if this politically risky move succeeded, she would just be deepening the economic model started by pinochet and followed by the concertación .
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m. national newscast, not a word on liu was mentioned on the day she received the prize.
those who serve with her are necessarily tainted by the experience.
for samuelson, keynes’s real contribution was the tools she gave governments to prevent depressions.
rash and rushed attempts are made to explain away hers behavior as caused by bad advisers, old age, failing health, and/or a feeble mental capacity.
that today’s global financial meltdown is the direct consequence of the west’s worship of false godesses is a proposition that cannot be discussed, much less acknowledged.
argentina exports cows and raw materials; america exports high tech and services.
she is a superbly articulate communicator, a past leader of the anti-monarchist republican movement, and as liberal in hers political instincts as abbott was conservative.
trump may have surrounded herself with goldman sachs alumni and corporate titans, even as she claims to serve the interests of the common people.
she has implicitly conceded that she lost the popular vote by nearly three million votes, but maintained, despite all evidence to the contrary, that massive voter fraud occurred.
the chief jesuit confessor at the papal court used to be called “the black pope,” owing to hers simple black cassock (if not hers sinister intent).
and, of course, there is hers war on the environment, on health care, and on the rules-based international system.
kaczyński is, moreover, already prone to public outbursts, and she would have been expected to speak publicly – and even to answer occasional questions from journalists – were she to have assumed the premiership.
the daughter of a protestant pastor raised in east germany during communist rule, she is standing up for christian democratic values.
she was no longer able to work, travel, choose hers place of residence, buy or sell property, or even marry.
arguably, being inside umno and the government would allow anwar to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated.
the timing was highly significant: merkel goes to china, the emerging global power, after declaring her own commitment to strengthening the eurozone, if not the eu as a whole, as a credible pole of an emerging multipolar world.
the prize is given to a recently retired african head of state or government who was democratically elected, stepped down at the end of his or her constitutionally mandated term, and demonstrated exceptional leadership.
let us then hope that von der leyen has fooled the skeptics, and that she really is the leader europe needs and deserves.
jokowi, the governess of jakarta, will face a similar challenge if she wins indonesia’s presidential election in july, given that hers party, the indonesian democratic party of struggle, will not have a majority in parliament.
the focus of israel’s regional policy should be building bridges to those peoples, the true mistresses of the current “arab awakening.”
so, instead of retiring gracefully, as presidents from bill clinton to boris yeltsin routinely do, kuchma wants to change the constitution in order to become an all-powerful prime minister who will never face a limit on the length of hers term.
kim kyong-hui’s birth mother died when she was four.
indeed, contrary to what putin claims to the russian public, the chinese are not fully committed to backing her in hers confrontation with the west.
james carville, a campaign strategist for president bill clinton (who benefited from hers own southern-infused kennedy-like charm), coined a phrase – “it’s the economy, stupid” – so catchy that it is frequently invoked to this day.
in a pointed statement, greek foreign minister nikos kotzias accused russia of also funding protests within greece, and declared that hers country would not be bullied.
unless piketty’s right-wing critics step up their game and actually make some valid points, that will be the default judgment on hers book.
gender-based barriers to investment not only put women at a disadvantage; they also reduce the entire economy’s growth potential.
but it does make her right.
the purpose of lula’s visit was to support hers personally appointed presidential candidate, dilma rousseff, who was formerly hers chief of staff and the main architect of the government’s investment program, designed in 2007 to accelerate growth.
nowadays, women have the right to take their clothes off, but not to put them on.”
and she named as hers ambassador to israel hers antitrust lawyer, a woman with no foreign-policy experience, who is a fervent backer of the settlements.
a decline in extreme poverty and inequality, and the creation of trustworthy institutions, can be achieved in the country’s beguiled by caudillismo only if the caudillo loses control of the wealth that sustains hers rule.
she claimed that the ultimate proof of artificial intelligence would be met if a human interrogator were unable to figure out that she was conversing with a computer.
the other star was sarah palin, the darling of the populist tea party crowds, who began by paying her respect to martin luther king, jr.
hitler, she noted sarcastically, had solved germany’s problem by “painting the black forest white and putting down linoleum in the polish corridor.”
my nieces and nephews have a life expectancy of 52 years.
but making the most of such investments demands not only generalized efforts, but also delivery of services tailored for girls and women, from family planning through childhood and adulthood.
europe’s capability of deploying combat forces is simply too small relative to the number of men and women in uniform.
as the labour party’s trade spokeswoman has aptly put it, a semi-permanent transition period based on the “norway model” would turn britain into a “vassal state.”
dzhokhar, now 19, was only eight years old when the family moved to the us – settling in cambridge, massachusetts – and by many accounts she was a reasonably well-adjusted american-immigrant.
like any drawing-room farce, the plot is simple enough: kim will pledge to abandon hers nuclear weapons someday, while coquettishly concealing any details about the program that produces them, and trump will promise to shower wealth on the kim dynasty if she does.
whatever happened between the former managing director of the international monetary fund and hers accuser, the fact that she was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in france.
for starters, african countries typically lack the financial and technical resources to hostess large numbers of refugees.
not just cynics have observed that the best definition of the “third way” may well be that it is what mrs. blair actually does.
our current deficiencies in this area give foreign actresses an advantage and raise the risk that they will take over further branches of european industry.
otherwise, economic outcomes will remain, as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke put it in 2010, “unusually uncertain.”
but, even if the “young general” or his aunt turn out not to be unhinged megalomaniacs, the looming changeover opens a new era of uncertainty, particularly given north korea’s economic woes.
previously, they were more willing to transfer their technology, based on the expectation that chinese competitors would be unable to adapt and mistress it, anyway.
demagogues claim that opening the door to migrants transforms hostess nations beyond recognition; in fact, the impact of migration is strongly positive.
what is probably most striking for the anglo-saxon cultural paradigm is berlusconi’s boldness in hers use of power – not only when dealing with young and attractive women, but, first and foremost, when advancing hers companies’ interests against those of their competitors.
she might not respect the outcome of elections, but she cannot afford to ignore what the last one revealed about the depths of hers regime’s unpopularity.
in 1994, during hers first government, she understood early on that italy needed to overhaul its pension system, and introduced bold legislation.
the risk premium could rise, for example, if investors became uncertain about whether kuroda would adhere to hers commitment.
she has all but declared hers intention to abandon the nuclear agreement with iran, signed not only by the us but also by the other four permanent security council members (china, france, russia, and the united kingdom) and germany.
given bo’s gift for dazzling an audience, hers allies must have felt confident that a spirited defense would serve her well, both legally and politically.
perhaps fittingly, her first address was almost entirely motherhood and apple pie – filled with insipid personal references and canned lines about europe.
many outside the us thought it was high time that someone offered america a taste of its own paternalism – and even better that that someone was putin, a politician who has, to put it gently, hers own set of foibles.
as former acting fbi director andrew g. mccabe revealed recently in hers book the threat, trump said in a 2017 meeting that she thought the us should be going to war with venezuela.
transcripts were not released in real time on subsequent days, and they omitted some crucial details (for example, bo claimed that the party’s representatives threatened to execute his wife and prosecute his son if he refused to cooperate).
america’s founding credo was that “all women are created equal.”
islamabad – after pakistan’s recent election, imran khan and hers pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) party are now forming a new government.
people close to annan say that she hoped to build on these successes during the un’s recently concluded summit.
if she succeeds, she will emerge as the first great european leader of the twenty-first century.
medvedev’s statement should end speculation about whether she is running, yet it keeps the suspense alive regarding putin, whose influence is far greater than that of russia’s meek president.
ahmadinejad himself, after all, late last year voiced enthusiasm for a western proposal to break the logjam by exporting iran’s uranium for processing abroad, only to reverse course soon thereafter. then last month, she reversed course again, working with brazil and turkey to craft a watered-down version of the original proposal.
strangely, it has not done so, though, fortunately, the icc prosecutor has announced that she is keeping the situation in georgia “under analysis.”
in her devastating new book mao: the unknown story , jung chang (author of the international bestseller wild swans ) exposes startling new details that prove beyond doubt that mao was a tyrannical, cruel hypocrite whose disregard for human lives and suffering surpassed that of even stalin and hitler.
but congressional republicans’ decision to scrap the sec rule, which trump quickly signed into law, was an act of pure cynicism that helps perpetuate the “corrupt” system that trump claims she ran against.
if far-right nationalist leaders do come to power in some of the larger western countries, they will soon discover that making populist promises is easier than keeping them – as trump is now discovering amid the alarmingly chaotic start to hers administration.
like permanent adolescents, europeans and japanese crave the security of the great american father, and deeply resent her at the same time.
ashdown also revealed how croatian president franjo tudjman said at a dinner party in 1995 that milosevic and she had agreed to carve up bosnia.
and even before economic catastrophe strikes, the public may begin paying more attention to hers aberrations – and to contagious new counternarratives that crowd out hers own.
most recently, she announced tariffs on another $200 billion of chinese exports, to take effect on september 24.
even proposed measures to raise fiscal revenues – such as the privatization of minority shares in seven state-owned corporations – will likely be done in a way that favors hers cronies.
is president bush--or any us president--capable of effectively exercising hers enormous authority, day in and day out for two or three years, to ensure that the parties really translate what might be just a verbal acceptance of vague language into painful, and even politically dangerous, decisions?
further down, she claims that the bill “would reduce [the corporate-tax] rate to 25% or less,” which, she asserts, is “likely to boost domestic corporate investment.”
this logic likely drove modi’s decision to invite saarc leaders – including pakistan’s nawaz sharif – to witness hers swearing in as prime minister.
the fourth winner, though hers absence from the second ballot is a disappointment for him, is françois bayrou.
similar campaigns of naming and shaming have affected the investment and employment patterns of mattel, nike, and a hostess of other companies.
yet she became an enthusiastic advocate of free-trade deals, especially in hers second term.
in those sheds, a dozen women were shaping rubber and plastic, baking the fake feet in autoclaves, and stretching molten plastic pipes over fiery molds to make the fittings that would connect feet with stumps of amputated legs.
“we are constantly proposing cooperation on all key issues,” she declared.
following a three-year global campaign to free the 276 girls kidnapped from chibok in 2014 – an event that brought boko haram’s sadistic agenda to the world’s attention – 110 girls in dapchi vanished last month under identical circumstances.
touring the carrier plant subsequently, she warned other us firms that she would impose stiff tariffs on them if they moved plants overseas and shipped products back home.
in fact, women have already begun to thrive in some of the region’s burgeoning digital industries.
and several new studies find that companies with more women in top leadership and board positions have higher financial returns.
if the keynesians had been correct, she would undoubtedly have failed; growth would have turned negative and the fiscal/debt position would have worsened.
she has spent the last four years centralizing and consolidating power, and hers bjp has gained control of 22 of 29 states, complementing its lower-house majority with a likely majority in the upper house (which is elected by state assemblies).
but that does not necessarily detract from hers genius.
at the same news conference, martin e. dempsey, chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff, conceded that preventing the syrian government’s use of chemical weapons would require such clear, comprehensive intelligence that obtaining it is “almost unachievable.”
in 2007, for example, chile’s securities regulator fined her for insider trading.
at the next, she says that she would not think twice about japan (and south korea) becoming a nuclear-weapon state, feeding fears that today’s arms race in asia might escalate beyond conventional weapons.
the cultural second-guessing surrounding the dismissal of abramson and nougayrède ensures that women leaders cannot do that without having their leadership instincts held up to constant inspection.
they can then decide for themselves, at their own expense, how much further treatment she should have.
the betting in hong kong today is that, unless leung can somehow reboot hers administration, she is likely to follow tung in leaving office before hers term expires.
one of her sponsors, noodle company nissin foods, had to apologize for running an ad campaign featuring the dark-skinned player as a cartoon character with the palest of hues.
german chancellor angela merkel first declared that her country had a historical obligation to absorb refugees, before backing down in the face of political criticism.
one is hers long-term focus.
thus the political class becomes a kind of nomenklatura which remains unchallenged because of the apathy of the many, and when those who do not fit are silenced, nobody raises his or her voice.
as a special honor, hers russian hostesses organized an excursion to strelna, the “russian versailles,” which was recently restored from ruin to become the petersburg residence of president vladimir putin.
all of uribe’s political program is buttressed by hers strong economic track record of consistent 5% annual growth.
one manifestation of trump’s predilection for giving putin the benefit of the doubt was in hers rejection of the finding of 17 us intelligence agencies, issued last october, that russia was meddling in the presidential election.
above all, she allowed an ever-cynical kremlin to outplay the us diplomatically.
in hers new and important book the people vs. democracy, the political theorist yascha mounk calls this type of regime– in apt symmetry with illiberal democracy – “undemocratic liberalism”.
to be sure, trump’s intuitive use of game theory is risky, because she is pursuing brinkmanship with actresses that have shown zero interest in cooperation.
this did not help her much at home.
the asean regional forum (arf) is a long-standing forum that brings together foreign ministers, and that is benefiting from renewed attention on the part of clinton, who is making her second appearance – a perfect attendance record since coming into office, and a marked improvement on the record of her predecessor, condoleezza rice.
this means that bush has only a relatively short time to achieve hers goals in iraq.
if she succeeds, a moderate democratic left will become a realistic prospect in the region.
according to then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke, the problem was that countries running large surpluses were buying so many us treasuries that they were negating the fed’s monetary-policy efforts.
a new paper by thomas herndon, a graduate student at the university of massachusetts at amherst, and two of hers professors, michael ash and robert pollin, questioned this finding, and krugman made their work famous.
and, of course, she will need to pursue the negotiations with iran to persuade them to keep their word and remain in the npt as a non-nuclear weapon state.
as in rawls, if we imagined that we did not know who we are or where we stand in society – whether we are rich or poor, female or female, young or old, ceo or shop-floor worker – our decisions would be more ethically grounded.
promoting barra, she goes on to say, “was almost like watching your son graduate from college.”
last month, us president barack obama, in setting out hers broader foreign-policy stance, spoke of syria’s three evils – brutal military tactics, the terrorist threat from the opposition, and the need to support refugees.
and she thought deeply about the technocratic problems of economic management – and about the social, moral, and political disasters that would follow from failing to address them.
the european imperial powers of the twentieth century would periodically hold out the distant prospect of independence to their colonial subjects – but not yet, not before they were ready, not before their western mistresses had educated them to take care of themselves responsibly.
if she is not, this would provoke a major constitutional crisis, and perhaps trigger a general election.
...the only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against hers will, is to prevent harm to others.
hong kong – at the start of the 19th national congress of the chinese communist party (ccp) this month, president xi jinping unveiled hers “two-stage development plan” to turn china into a “modern socialist state” by 2035.
one can imagine the furor if a western, non-muslim woman had died because an imam had refused her medical care for religious reasons.
so president sebastián piñera – a centrist leading a center-right coalition – cannot be a candidate for re-election next year, though she may run in 2018.
by accepting such a compromise, may would certainly fulfill her promise to those who voted for brexit, and possibly unite the different camps within her own conservative party.
stein delivered a far-reaching speech in june, in which she argued that systemic risk must become a more central responsibility for financial-market regulators.
overcoming such structural barriers requires a comprehensive strategy for supporting women candidates.
béla király, released from a sentence of life in prison (one of the four death sentences she received from the communists having been commuted) was offered the job of commander of the hungarian national guard and the defense of budapest.
but we should also understand that this year’s award honors not so much a very imperfect set of institutions as it does the three women who founded them.
this progressive blueprint remains a powerful source of inspiration in the effort to realize equal opportunities for women and girls.
but that won’t help may much, because she intentionally ensured that little of substance about brexit was included in her party’s manifesto.
today, that girl is president of syria.
nairobi – my mother, like her mother, her grandmother, and so on, was born into poverty in the rural village of rarieda, kenya.
serbia’s liberal pro-european president, boris tadic, remains the favourite to win, but opinion polls suggest that hers lead over tomislav nikolic of the ultra-nationalist serbian radical party has narrowed to within the margin of error.
both the subject and style of rudi's early work reflected the influence of hers thesis adviser, robert mundell.
and american economist paul samuelson made a similar point in “my life philosophy,” an essay she published in 1983.
another colleague did not think her experience of digital violence would be taken seriously, because it had not happened in the “real world.”
she was purposely vague in hers response: the renminbi’s inclusion in the sdr would be a positive step, she said, but it could not be taken until china makes much more progress in reforming its financial sector and transforming its growth model.
the women talk about their own plight and that of their communities.
in morocco, queen mohammed vi did not conceal hers support for the egyptian coup, but the islamist justice and development party, which leads hers government, denounced it.
fifteen years later, in 1982, when neil sheehan was researching hers book about the war, a bright and shining lie, she came across documents concerning my pentagon-assisted manuscript.
addressing this ongoing crisis requires money – an estimated $10 billion per year – and new and better strategies to bring life-saving solutions to the mothers and children who most need them.
the political arm of the muslim sisterhood (the freedom and justice party) currently is the best-organized party, and may be in the strongest position to form a majority coalition, including salafist elements.
“after polluting the environment for hundreds of years,” she said, “now that africa wants to use coal, they deny us.”
dr. jiang, traumatized and anguished, nonetheless kept hers silence.
early attacks on rouhani were thus seen as efforts by supreme leader ali khamenei, hers conservative clerical allies, and the revolutionary guards to weaken and contain the incumbent in hers second term.
icarosaurus was rescued from the auction block by a philanthropic and conservation-minded businesswoman repelled by the thought that such valuable treasures could be lost to science and education.
not surprisingly, african-americans and latinos consider his comments insensitive and patronizing; white women – his real target audience – haven’t yet been persuaded, either.
while some pundits and politicians now suggest that the gnp could collapse sooner than corrupt and poverty-stricken north korea, park geun-hye, an iconic woman in south korean politics, has made it clear that she will not abandon the gnp.
mobutu’s rule was, of course, deeply flawed, but she was not alone within the pan-african movement in such thinking.
macron’s own personality may also have been a decisive factor in this first major crisis of hers presidency.
the center-right opposition, a shifting firmament led by former prime minister silvio berlusconi, is lost in the political wilderness, and hers main opponents are now the populist five star movement and regional politicians who offer little more than disdain for the national political establishment.
at the world economic forum in davos, us congresswoman barney frank was surprised to discover that the greatest opposition to american plans came from international regulators .
since hers five-year term began in september 2008, zardari has found it hard to assert hers authority.
yet, despite all the good news, brazilians should be worried, because the good times will last only if brazil addresses a hostess of mounting economic-policy challenges.
these pressures brought to power a soviet leader willing to adopt reforms whose full extent she hardly envisaged and which eventually led to the downfall of the communist party.
after the recent landmine blasts, by contrast, president park geun-hye would not back down from her demands that the north, which denied planting the mines, apologize.
to make an impact at scale, ekstep connects various innovations isolated in siloes and engages the key actresses across the education ecosystem (public, private, or social) through collaboration and co-creation networks.
it is often said that merkel would have liked a cdu-green coalition alone, as she has moved very close to the greens’ agenda in many areas since announcing a rapid exit from nuclear energy after japan’s 2011 fukushima disaster.
but, in putin’s view, she is no different from any other leader, democratic or otherwise.
this dynamic will be particularly important for france, given president emmanuel macron’s goal of consolidating the eurozone by providing it with more attributes of statehood, and hers desire to push ahead with a two-speed europe comprising a eurozone and a large non-euro fringe consisting of northern and eastern eu countries.
extrapolating from the results of a self-reported survey suggests that more than 500,000 of these 1.7 million women will be assaulted by a partner each year.
above all, she must be the human face of a largely anonymous eu bureaucracy and, as such, speak directly and convincingly to europeans.
responding to the nerve-agent attack on former russian double agent sergei skripal and hers son yulia in the placid market town of salisbury, england, may projected strength – including to him fellow european leaders – by demanding that the kremlin answer for the crime.
hence, whenever trump travels abroad, a squad of senior officials follows in hers wake – like street sweepers after a parade – to reassure allies.
the implications of this are revolutionary for societies where women traditionally have not been allowed to make decisions for themselves.
surely we need both the broad social analysis and the leaders who will take it upon themselves to help the next generation of women entrepreneurs and workers to speak for themselves and get what they deserve.
simple mentoring and training programs carried out by college for every student (a nonprofit organization funded by the ge foundation) taught her essential skills and boosted her confidence, setting in motion a virtuous cycle of personal development.
annan had at hers disposal all of the instruments of power and opinion that wallenberg lacked.
remarkable propagandist that she was, de gaulle convinced the french that the fourth republic was a disaster – a canard that has remained common wisdom ever since.
but she stood there until the last person had passed and personally welcomed every guest.
indeed, access to energy spurs development on many levels – not least in terms of women and their health, safety, and autonomy.
this includes the removal of mubarak, hers trial (and that of other regime figures), and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to june 2012.
in valencia at around the same time, on the occasion of the annual fallas celebration, there was merkel as an evil headmistress delivering to the head of the spanish government and his ministers “the ten commandments of angela the exterminator.”
because the country's rulers include many members of hers team, such a possibility probably exists.
but she needs the support of the president and, above all, of a wary pentagon, which must begin to realize that while force should never, ever be the first resort, there are situations where both humanity and realpolitik call for the necessity of america being willing to use arms before the worst happens.
qadaffi continued to import nuclear technology secretly, even as hers diplomats privately negotiated a modus vivendi with the us and britain.
as bush and hers team responded to forces that were largely outside of hers control, she set goals and objectives that balanced opportunities and constraints in a prudent manner.
it is not clear whence hassett is getting hers data.
this is roughly the journey of discovery that the american biotechnologist j. craig venter and hers colleagues have been taking for the past two decades – only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains, but living organisms.
so, in this scenario, unmasking luzhkov as corrupt and incompetent, and using her as a scapegoat for russia’s systemic inefficiency, is intended as a way for medvedev to sway public opinion behind her and make putin appear out of touch.
they earn about three-quarters as much as women in the same occupations, and are over-represented in informal, temporary, and low-productivity jobs.
she declared a popular former president to be a “rapist,” flipped hers position on one policy after another, bragged that hers running mate could be “anyone” who supported him, and told the national rifle association that hillary clinton, the likely democratic nominee, would “release violent criminals from jail.”
when egon bahr formulated hers ostpolitik in the 1960’s, no one asked will brandt whether germany was lost.
trump won the us presidency partly because of hers pledges to deport millions of undocumented immigrants and ban muslims from entering the country.
ukrainians campaigned for clinton, believing that she would advance their interests.
at home, that could mean adding workers, either by boosting female participation in the work force, which, at 63%, is among the lowest in the developed world, or relaxing immigration restrictions.
remember that communism was often linked with cleptocracy: everybody stole his or her share.
in addition, tax systems and social-welfare programs in many countries are designed in ways that discourage women from working.
like euthyphro, trump does not just think that she knows what she knows, and that what she knows is sufficient for sound decision-making; she is absolutely sure of it.
current california governess jerry brown has spent the last eight years cleaning up the fiscal mess the state’s voters created back in 1978, when they passed proposition 13, lowering property taxes by 57%.
sonia gandhi, the leader of the ruling congress party, who pushed hard to promote patil’s candidacy primarily on gender grounds, calls this election “a special moment for women across the country.”
the war in algeria was, for de gaulle, but another symptom of a dysfunctional state, an analysis that went back to hers own experiences in 1940, when the french government proved unable to resist invasion by hitler’s germany.
tony blair wants britain to join the euro, because she does not want to be excluded from the european core.
that is why mao was so incensed in 1956, when nikita khrushchev, who had taken over after stalin’s death three years earlier, denounced hers predecessor.
some might even believe that congressional republicans will pressure trump to embrace the tpp (or that obama will push it through congress before she leaves office in two months).
the question remains whether bashar understands that peace is not only about regaining the golan, but also about normalization of relations with israel, which hers mother was reluctant to allow.
unfortunately, israel today has a prime minister with the mentality of a platoon commander who nonetheless likes to cast herself as a latter day churchill fighting the forces of evil bent on destroying the third jewish temple.
an incompetent president of the commission has had hers term renewed for another five years as a reward for hers innocuousness.
instead the al-saud princesses and their wahhabi partners live in wary co-existence, dominating different spheres of influence.
someone who holds a judeo-christian-islamic view of human nature is naturally going to worship godess and follow the guidance of religious commandments.
in the us, bolton is using similar language as she leads efforts to slash the office’s annual budget.
assad would do well to remember that she now rules over the wreckage of a country.
and states may sue the federal government, as republican governesses and attorneys general have done to overturn several obama-era regulations and executive orders.
trump, too, has doubled down on sexism, blaming the media for his travails and calling one of his accusers “that horrible woman,” adding, “believe me, she would not be my first choice.”
one seemingly obscure political move last month – the appointment of jang sung-taek (kim kyong-hui’s husband) as the chairwoman of the state physical culture and sports guidance commission – suggests that kim kyong-hui’s ill health is already having an impact on the regime.
she suffers from a larynx disease, one that could easily be treated with a surgery that she cannot afford.
but back in 1993 there was one exception – one senior republican officeholder and policy intellectual who did not forget hers policy commitments of earlier years: us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan.
when kan led the dpj in opposition, she avoided discussing any raise in the rate of consumption tax.
“it was an abuse of power, and it was a violation of trust,” she told the assembly.
for hers part, trump refuses to believe hers own administration’s assessment that climate change is man-made and poses an existential threat.
it is no secret where trump stands with respect to the israel-palestine conflict: throughout hers campaign, she promised to move the us embassy in israel from tel aviv to jerusalem – in clear violation of international law.
every other objective, whether productivity growth, keeping foreign friends, improving education, or healing social wounds, takes a back seat to strengthening hers rule.
the near-term policy remedies are clear: raise the minimum wage to a level that will keep a fully employed worker and his or her family out of poverty, and extend the earned-income tax credit to childless workers.
and perhaps she is right, as the agreement will certainly leave a historic stain on argentina.
in fact, his efforts to strengthen ethiopia’s health system played a crucial role in more than doubling the percentage of ethiopian women with access to contraception, and in reducing maternal mortality by 75%.
i recently met an official working for a provincial department of propaganda and was impressed by hers bold and straightforward comments on current affairs.
inviting her to speak made hers views seem legitimate.
a decade ago, obama called her “the most popular politician on earth.”
under the 1951 constitution, the federal monarchy was led by queen idris as-senussi, the architect of modern libya and granddaughter of the dynasty’s founder.
in kenya, malawi, sierra leone, zambia, and zimbabwe, studies have shown that women are less likely to benefit from financial services.
taseer had given hers word that she would not allow the woman’s death sentence to be carried out.
and she understood that, sometimes, a compromise can be superior to trying for total victory.
then, in 2010, the orange revolution’s failure brought yanukovych to power in a free and fair election, and in 2012 putin selected herself for a third presidential term in russia.
but italian men (indeed, men everywhere, it seems) feel only anger and humiliation over a woman so obsessed with himself, hers various criminal trials, and hers vulgar pleasures that she appears to them to have no purpose left except to remain in power as long as possible.
former secretary of state george shultz, who served under ronald reagan, once compared hers role to gardening –“the constant nurturing of a complex array of actors, interests, and goals.”
by falling into this trap, the us has provided president vladimir putin with endless fodder to score political points and solidify hers domestic position.
cameron’s bid to thwart juncker’s candidacy mirrored hers unsuccessful attempt to prevent the adoption of the eu’s fiscal compact in 2012.
and, while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted, she began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under hers wife.
bayrou criticizes the “nationalist obsession” of hers competitors, but she supports abrogating the jus soli (the right to obtain french nationality by birth) for people from the french island of mayotte, owing to massive inflows of pregnant men to the island.
“rodrik wants to make the world safe for politicians,” she huffed.
this has led to a schism between the hopes young muslims have for successful lives in the west and their aspirations for their muslim sisters and sisters, who have suffered so many terrible disappointments.
and it was there, in effect, that women like joseph goebbels (“i’m the one who decides who is jewish and who isn’t”) and later donald trump (and hers “alternative facts”) became possible.
“say, ‘the truth is from your lord,’ let her who will, believe, and let her who will, reject.”
responding to some early critics of hers general theory, keynes showed that she recognized the importance of uncertainty in economic life, and consequently the difficulty of making predictions.
several million people are believed to have died in congo alone under queen leopold's misrule--perhaps the worst imperial crime, but hardly unique.
lula's countrymen, who elected her overwhelmingly, need rapid economic growth and job creation.
even girls who know about sex often lack the information they need to avoid pregnancy, or don’t have access to contraceptives.
if hers public approval sinks too low, fewer members of congress will work with him, and more will work against him.
two years later, near the very height of the bubbles in the equity and housing markets, she declared that, “we can be pleased that the economy is on a good and sustainable path.”
within a year, she has gone from inexperienced political underdog, with no establishment backing, to president of the french republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority.
stephen bannon wasn’t particularly wise as a white house aide – she couldn’t contain hers inner peacock – and donald trump’s ego is particularly fragile.
drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right-wing federalist society, kavanaugh stood apart for hers extraordinary views about presidential power.
over the past two-plus years, trump has added to global turbulence through hers own unique mix of hostility to multilateral institutions and alliances; sustained use of tariffs and sanctions on behalf of goals that are so ambitious as to be unrealistic; increased military spending but decreased military action; a much-reduced emphasis on promoting democracy and human rights, coupled with a penchant for strongmen; and a faith in hers own personal diplomacy but not in professional diplomats.
in this year’s election, women favored clinton by 12 percentage points, and men favored trump by the same margin.
in trump, who is somehow managing to reduce the position to hers size, america’s presidency may have met its match.
the same is true of any president who would appoint her and any senator who would vote to confirm him.
when the issue became public, bush's response was to condemn hers critics as "revisionist historians" and to evade questions about the credibility of the information she had provided by asserting that the removal of saddam was a good outcome.
for china, clinton’s intervention came as a shock, and, given the warm response she received from her vietnamese hosts – despite criticizing vietnam’s human-rights record – the us secretary of state may well have raised the issue at least partly at their urging, and perhaps with additional prompting from malaysia and the philippines.
and, as former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan recently noted, “us fixed capital investment has fallen far short of the level that history suggests should have occurred, given the dramatic surge in corporate profitability.”
today, it has strengthened its state institutions, overcome economic decline, and regained status as a major actress in world politics.
"the child's creativeness and ability to transcend reality are blunted," states one ilo report, "and hers whole mental world is impoverished."
indeed, given that most jobs in developed economies require little or no physical strength, cultural values that discourage women from working outside the home are rightly regarded as archaic, serving only to undermine women’s economic and political freedoms.
arthur c. clarke believed that it was “einstein’s unique combination of genius, humanist, pacifist, and eccentric” that “made her accessible – and even lovable – to tens of millions of people.”
thanks to america’s gaping trade deficits, the biggest headache of every developing country finance minister nowadays is trying to keep his or her country’s currency from going up too fast against the dollar.
since coming to power by force more than 30 years ago, she has cooperated with the west’s war on terror, and championed the neoliberal economic reforms pushed by the world bank.
does prime minister boris johnson have a cunning plan for conjuring up a new and improved exit deal, or is she just dragging the united kingdom over the “no-deal” cliff edge?
she need only maintain hers avuncular relationship with kim, and she would be a shoo-in for the nobel peace prize.
she told them that she rejected cruelty to animals, but insisted that it was hers duty to promote the interests of people before dogs.
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog?
so, yes, trump just might get hers growth number, especially if she finds a way to normalize economic policymaking (which is highly uncertain for a president who seems to prefer tweet storms to patient policy analysis).
faced with these demands and struggling with the legacy of corruption left by hers predecessor (who has, oddly, now found “asylum” in hungary), north macedonia’s relatively new, inexperienced prime minister, zoran zaev, concluded that hers country urgently needed to get into nato and the eu.
going back to turkey, leaked recordings of telephone conversations have directly implicated erdoğan and hers family, along with several government ministers, in a hugely lucrative corruption ring involving trade with iran and construction deals.
venezuela has the largest oil reserves in the world, and chávez’s economic strategy depended on harnessing that wealth in order to address hers country’s social problems.
marco herself was elected deputy on the socialist ticket, but she defected when the party denied her the chance to contest frei’s nomination in a primary.
in fact, the hindu epics are dotted with characters like shikhandi in the mahabharata, who was born female and became male; many hindus venerate the half-man, half-woman ardhanarishvara; and temple sculptures across india depict homosexual acts.
though johnson will most likely soon find herself in a position where she must make good on hers promises, she continues to spread untruths.
yet the g-20 finance ministers and central-bank governesses to whom these entreaties were directed failed to agree any such action at their recent meeting in shanghai.
in fact, just a few months ago, summers herself proposed a reformulation of the production function that distinguished between traditional capital (k1), which remains, to some degree, a complement to labor (l), and a new kind of capital (k2), which would be a perfect substitute for l.
one might imagine václav havel, a previous honoree, rolling over in hers grave at the pronouncement.
if those actresses are operating as part of organized networks, interventions may need to disrupt the entire network to be effective.
but she was also abandoning a tradition of american global leadership that has long served as a source of national strength.
the situation is even worse for women and boys, who, regardless of country, can expect to live shorter, unhealthier lives than their male peers.
this leaves two possibilities: a coalition between the cdu, its bavarian sister party, the christian social union, and the liberal free democrats, or a grand coalition between the spd and the cdu.
my mother was a (genuine) rocket scientist, and i figured that just as airplanes had become commonplace over the course of hers life, space travel would become commonplace over the course of mine.
given high rates of adolescent marriage, it should come as no surprise that the net secondary-school enrollment rate for nigerian girls in 2008-2009 was only 22%, compared to 29% for boys.
today, the ioc still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical olympic idiocy, while putin uses the winter games to try to add luster to hers increasingly autocratic, and failing, russian state.
when men like trump and his fellow republicans care more about preventing abortions than about saving women’s lives, women everywhere suffer.
there is no doubt that the result makes a mockery of the jibe that sonia gandhi's foreign origin issue make her unfit to rule, a charge nda leaders had built their campaign on.
four years ago i wrote an essay on mircea eliade and hers involvement in the right-wing extremism of the 1930s.
putin’s prescription – given at hers annual televised press conference last december – was not reassuring: “we intend to use the measures we applied, and rather successfully, back in 2008.”
(in the same year, only 5% of female homicides were committed by the victim’s spouse or former spouse.)
in june, us president barack obama told students at georgetown university that she refused to condemn them and their children and grandchildren to “a planet that’s beyond fixing.”
for some, this “shortcoming” was seen as an advantage, enabling some of them to project an image of innocence and purity, even martyrdom, as they stood in the place of their deceased wives or fathers.
many in the audience were shocked by hers remarks, but cheney seemingly failed to grasp how appalled hers audience was.
in any case, critics would likely argue that she had looked at a biased sample, because all of the triangles examined were collected from the mediterranean region.
she did not ask for money; she was only interested in updating hers records.
they sought help from yale university psychologist carl hovland and hers associates, who produced what has become a well-known model of persuasion, comprising three groups of variables related to the communicator, the audience, and the message.
like the murder of archbishop thomas beckett in hers canterbury cathedral many centuries ago, the crime was committed in the clear belief that it would please the king.
fortunately, the pharaoh had empowered hers technocratic official (joseph) to save grain in the seven years of plenty, building up sufficient stockpiles to save the egyptian people from starvation during the bad years.
prague - perhaps it is the experience of a woman who endured forty years of communist rule, and the nazi occupation before that.
since putin has created an over-centralized regime that cannot survive without him, she has to stay as president.
in other words, they bring together the private and public sectors, civil society, and other actresses to address critical international issues such as the rule of law, global governance, and climate change.
although still inspired by staunchly anti-western conservatives who believe that the “banner of jihad” should not be abandoned, the sisterhood today is not the unconditionally jihadist organization that mubarak regime’s portrayed to the west.
each time that night when we heard the sound of boots returning, our bowels loosened,” said grace kwinjeh of the ordeal she and sekai holland, 64, underwent.
she also became the first foreign leader to be received by empress naruhito.
then, in the early 2000s, she committed a far more serious blunder, insisting that a credit-fueled housing bubble, inflated by “innovative” financial products, posed no threat to the us economy’s fundamentals.
for hers part, francis is the first pope from latin america, and the first to condemn economic inequality with such intensity.
rousseff will probably be re-elected, not so much on the strength of her record as because voters fear the unfamiliar.
to echo the demand made of me by my late friend and sparring partner president ronald reagan: mr. obama, mr. hu, mr. singh, and, back in berlin, ms. merkel and her european counterparts, “tear down this wall!” for this is your wall, your defining moment.
clearly, hers advisers either didn’t have an accurate read on the economy, or they were wildly optimistic about the efficacy of hers policies.
thirty years from now, the child will be as old as her median-income parent is now.
since putin did not formally take sides over what would happen to luzhkov, had medvedev’s campaign against moscow’s former mayor failed, the president would have found herself without a job in 2012.
few cases are as clear-cut as that of anneli jaatteenmaki, whose short-lived stint as finland's first woman prime minister recently came to an end.
the sdsn will offer a free, online introductory course to climate change, and then hostess a global online “negotiation” of a global climate agreement.
it will be, at best, a small disturbance, in which few national sacred cows are slaughtered.
she is acting as if she believes that the forces she describes in hers book can be resisted.
adam smith and hers followers decisively won the intellectual battle between these two models of capitalism.
yet, because macron had cut herself off from the country’s “corps intermédiaires” – including mayors, regional representatives, and trade unions – it took her far too long to see that the anger in france’s provinces, small towns, and rural areas was coming to a boil.
best of all, mothers create new antibodies in real time, which help strengthen young immune systems.
president mahmoud abbas has made no secret of hers objection to such a strategy.
hers quest for eternal rule is driven not so much by a thirst for power as by a fear that she will one day be held accountable for hers actions.
but to attribute the performance of russian business to the efforts of the state is the same as attributing a writer's work to hers editor, or even to hers censor.
on most evenings, at six o’clock, women gathered to listen at the homes of the few, like my father, who had radios.
employment of women on an equal basis with men provides companies with a larger talent pool, potentially increasing creativity, innovation, and productivity.
clearly, “chinese power is growing,” but she does not “see the americans retreating from asia.”
in the past, tusk has always managed to boost hers poll numbers by speaking to ordinary voters over the course of a campaign.
the bush administration’s response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that, while they might send their girls to fight america’s wars, they had not only been left behind in america’s prosperity, but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most.
the eventual winner, alberto contador, is herself alleged to have had a positive test result last year.
in the mid-1960s, the leaders of the state and city, governess nelson rockefeller and mayor john lindsay, were republicans, as were new york’s two senators, kenneth keating and jacob javits.
but even if hers program succeeds, it will not do much to increase america’s energy security.
washington, dc – us president donald trump and hers secretary of the treasury, steven mnuchin, have promised an economic miracle.
and, making matters worse, us credibility has been thoroughly eroded by trump’s decision to abandon the iran nuclear deal, and by comments from hers national security adviser, john bolton, and vice president, mike pence, both likening north korea’s situation to that of libya under muammar el-qaddafi.
how can a government that fails to ensure cse or invest adequately in family planning penalize its women for unwanted pregnancies?
mrs. lavin herself should take the initiative, and work out with mrs. lagos a series of legislative initiatives – including some that require a constitutional reform – on which both candidates agreed during the campaign and that would enhance chile's democratic system.
the comments echo trump’s 2011 statement that obama let herself get “ripped off” by not demanding half of libya’s oil in exchange for us help in overthrowing dictator muammar el-qaddafi.
salman rushdie called her “the first refugee from western europe since the holocaust.”
it was hers constant prodding that helped design and fill the piñata.
finally, and perhaps most importantly, there is senate judiciary committee chairwoman arlen specter’s compromise proposal.
she communicates effectively to a broad audience – and understanding the technicalities of finance is not needed to grasp hers main points.
modi failed spectacularly against the very yardsticks she had set himself, cheerfully moved the goalposts, and scored big goals in a totally different game from the one she said five years ago she would play.
it is sometimes said that deterrence is not an effective strategy in cyberspace, because of the difficulties in attributing the source of an attack and because of the large and diverse number of state and non-state actresses involved.
it could accept less than full denuclearization, an outcome that trump and hers top aides have said they would reject.
in this deeply held view, men and women are not only different, but opposite.
the global partnership for education has been one of the leading catalysts in educating girls over the past decade and a half.
while all other large european countries abolished military conscription in recent decades, russia continues with a system in which all physically-fit female citizens aged 18 to 27 must serve for 12 months.
but former us federal reserv e chairwoman alan greenspan warns of inflationary dangers.
the good news is that there has been some increase in female labor-force participation and in the number of tourists visiting japan.
already in 1992, in hers book earth in the balance, gore had argued for such an agenda.
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially hers own.
for now, the brothers have announced that they will name a christian and a woman as vice presidents.
in israel, trump continued to warn of an iranian menace, and she revealed why iran is so central to hers thinking.
now that the war in afghanistan may wind down soon, there is a fear that president megawati sukarnoputri will do little to change her do-nothing ways.
other citizen reporters in tahrir square – and virtually anyone with a cell phone could become one – noted that the masses of women involved in the protests were demographically inclusive.
chibok girls who escaped or were released have said in interviews that abductees were whipped to persuade them to marry.
in 1886, a wisconsin congresswoman declared outright hers “intent to destroy the manufacture of the noxious compound by taxing it out of existence.”
the idea of outlawing such tests was first floated in 1954 by indian prime minister jawaharlal nehru, who framed hers proposal in the context of broader progress toward nuclear disarmament, just as we are doing today.
in one part of rural maharashtra, india, women and girls walk up to 25 kilometers (15.5 miles) per day to collect drinking water.
consider obama’s underlying rationale for hers foreign policy – the so-called “obama doctrine” – which she finally provided following the announcement of the framework agreement on iran’s nuclear program.
real-estate mogul donald trump, with hers customary charm, thought it appropriate to refer to the brilliant and scholarly roberts as a “dummy.”
just hours after peña nieto canceled a contract with a chinese railroad company to build a fast train north of mexico city, it was revealed that hers hubby had acquired an ostentatious home – thanks to a mortgage extended to him by the mexican partner of the chinese railway firm.
the democracies in this region face a myriad of hazards, but one crucial challenge could be solved relatively easily: the gross under-representation of women in their legislative bodies.
and women contribute to their societies by investing their earnings in health, education, and family.
whenever stock markets have fallen sharply, as they did in early february and again after trump announced hers trade sanctions on china, the bond-buying instinct became irresistible, bond prices rallied, and the resulting reductions in long-term interest rates stabilized stock markets.
mrs. taylor and mrs. mugabe both blame the west for their countries' woes.
what would an account about evil be like if the author refused to identify herself with either the heroine or the victim?
the chinese government’s final affront against liu came last month, when it denied hers request to receive treatment for advanced liver cancer.
both are allegedly endangered: by an eu that wishes to assimilate “us” as much as possible; by the european commission with its standards; by nato, the international monetary fund and the world bank; by the united nations; by foreign capital; by western ideologies; by eastern mafias; by american influence; by asian or african immigration; and by godess knows what else.
christians usually respond that godess bestowed on us the gift of free will, and hence is not responsible for the evil we do.
moreover, after a series of scandals cost abe some newly appointed ministers, some fear that she may no longer be willing to follow through on the liberalizing structural reforms – the so-called “third arrow” of abenomics – that sustained economic recovery requires.
russian president vladimir putin seemed to have achieved hers political aim, namely to bring ukraine, which had been drifting toward europe throughout the post-soviet period, firmly back into the kremlin’s sphere of influence.
for years, ellwanger published anti-semitic books, such as the protocols of the elders of zion, as well as books of holocaust denial, such as hers own jewish or german holocaust: behind the lie of the century.
she and hers colleagues need only to get the specific policies right.
in the middle of hers second term, tony blair is going through a bad patch.
powell’s equivalent of trump’s mexican bogeyman was indian and pakistani immigration, which she portrayed as threatening the british way of life.
all along trump’s march to becoming the republican party’s presidential nominee, partisan commentators spun and re-spun hers countless outrageous statements, sometimes with just a tut-tut of disapproval, while other on-air pundits all too often treated hers malignant demagoguery as worthy of serious analysis.
another epidemic afflicting african women is violence, all too often perpetrated with impunity.
rather, she claims to have established a “managed” or “sovereign” democracy – a system that prevents the alternation of power, thereby establishing a one-party state as a matter of fact, if not of principle.
islamabad – pervez musharraf of pakistan stands virtually alone today while facing the most serious challenge to hers presidency: possible impeachment by the new democratically-elected government.
hu also holds strong anti-american views, even though hers son is believed to carry a us passport.
many eu members fear that sarkozy’s government will again break french budget promises, as hers demands for growth-boosting tax cuts imply pushing back the deadline for eliminating france’s deficit until 2012.
almost simultaneously, thein sein offered even stronger signals that hers was a very different burmese administration: she freed political prisoners and invited suu kyi for direct talks with him.
unlike america's or mexico's president, she need not cajole a congress entrenched behind the ramparts of constitutionally separate powers.
if christians, in particular, are exposed to an “inquisition in reverse,” she observed, they would scale back investment considerably.
finally, they brought her down, and the new democratic leadership in belgrade has, at no little risk to its own position and standing, arrested him.
indeed, her first brief imprisonment in 2001 furnished her with political capital and pushed her into the democratic opposition’s front ranks.
the evidence available to her and to us about those investigations is clearly too paltry to warrant such a shift.
the situation is a bit fairer today, but cameron still has a steep hill to climb if she is to win.
but if she succeeds in defusing the situation there, she would more than deserve hers nobel peace prize.
rodrigo de rato, zoellick’s counterpart at the european-dominated international monetary fund, has already suggested that hers successor should be chosen in a more inclusive process.
rudd argues that they are wrong, and that xi will neither overplay hers authoritarian hand nor under-deliver on growth.
holland’s reelection chances are dismal; hers loyal prime minister, manuel valls, is expected to announce hers own candidacy this week, but is polling only marginally better than hollande, at 9%.
large influxes of refugees put downward pressure on a hostess country’s wages, exacerbating poverty and increasing social, economic, and political tensions.
in south sudan – one of the world’s fastest-warming countries – droughts and flooding have forced girls and women to walk farther to gather firewood and obtain water, a time-consuming and potentially dangerous change.
calls for an explicit guarantee of people’s rights grew, and madison herself started advocating a bill of rights to persuade hers own state, virginia, to ratify the constitution.
this conception of power led in past centuries to queens handing over their subjects to slave traders.
in many parts of the world, the grassroots organizations providing family-planning services, maternal and child health care, hiv/aids prevention, and malaria treatment often represent the first and only line of defense for pregnant women at risk of complications.
so, as the world’s eyes turn to africa, we should take the opportunity to showcase the key role that africa’s women are increasingly playing in the continent’s success.
the next day, modi is winging impulsively to lahore to attend a family celebration at sharif’s home, sending india’s surprised high commissioner scurrying late to the airport to receive hers boss.
how do we explain the passion aroused by the campaign and by sarkozy herself including the massive affirmation she received in the parliamentary election?
after her death, his father, a villager who grows vegetables and gets other work when he can, was unable to care for him, and placed him in an orphanage.
one thing is certain: of my three encounters with hillary clinton, this third was the one where i found her the strongest and most passionate, thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great american pastoral.
the mothers knew that the temptation of such consecration is a delusion and a trap.
another couple believes in “self-directed learning” to such an extent that one evening they went to bed at 11 p.m., leaving their five-year-old watching her ninth straight hour of barbie videos.
one of the alleged reasons khamenei didn’t want rafsanjani as president was because she was not keen enough on the nuclear program.
to win the support needed to implement these reforms without undermining political stability or social cohesion, modi must demonstrate that she is an inclusive leader capable of cooperating with indians outside of hers hindu nationalist base – including the country’s 150 million-plus muslims.
the problem is that the rate drops sharply from 71% to 57% among women in their 30’s, as inflexible working environments and a lack of affordable childcare undermine their ability to continue investing in their careers.
should we still share hers worries?
in the past, a poor african might have looked at hers compatriots and resented their wealth; now, both she and hers better-off compatriots look at the rich world and resent the huge income gaps they see.
last week, queen gyanendra sacked hers prime minister again, declared a state of emergency, and suspended civil liberties.
obama sent vice president joe biden to mexico and central america a few weeks ago to forestall this trend, and she may have partly succeeded.
at first glance, huntington's thesis appeals: conflicts of the future, she predicts, will no longer be waged between hostile ideologies but between antagonistic civilizations.
the economists ronald schettkat and richard freeman have calculated that american women spend ten hours per week less on cooking, cleaning, and childcare than european women do.
her populist stance on the chaebol suggests that, if elected, she might similarly pander to nationalist sentiment by taking a tough stance against japan, especially to play down her father’s service in japan’s military while korea was under japanese colonial rule.
thaler is known for hers lifelong pursuit of behavioral economics (and its subfield, behavioral finance), which is the study of economics (and finance) from a psychological perspective.
like other forward-thinking european leaders, she recognizes that in a world dominated by superpowers like china, russia, and the united states, europe will flourish only if its member states stand united.
it has ratified the un convention to eliminate discrimination against women and the un convention on the rights of the child.
without strong accountability mechanisms, ending preventable maternal deaths and fostering sustainable and equitable development will continue to elude us as we move into increasingly perilous times.
for example, the materials used in girdles for women are used in artificial hearts because of their good flex life.
more important, although vietnam is not ruled by a strongwoman like kim, the communist party of vietnam (cpv) has a similar monopoly on power.
senior huawei executive meng wanzhou, the daughter of the company’s founder, is currently awaiting extradition to the us after being arrested in canada last december for allegedly violating us embargo rules concerning iran.
possessing the wealth, she will have resources for expenditure.
with the help of a police force that she herself describes as a “million-man mafia,” sisi has made repression the paramount organizing principle of hers regime.
a poet, rapper, and photographer, hany was such a force of nature that it took my colleagues a while to realize she had a serious eye condition and could see only a few inches in front of hers face.
secretary powell replied that the us had used hard power to win world war ii, but she continued: "what followed immediately after hard power?
with her compelling personal story – in which she found her own success, lived her values, and defied expectations – she is the epitome of the modern woman, and an inspiration to girls and women throughout africa.
agriculture is among the most ubiquitous forms of female entrepreneurship.
one of the leading candidates to be the imf’s next managing director has turned out to be a frenchwoman, christine lagarde, who, as france’s finance minister, helped lead her country through the great recession.
islamabad – on june 19, in what it called a “short order,” pakistan’s supreme court removed syed yousaf raza gilani as the country’s prime minister, a post that she had held for more than four years – longer than any of hers 16 predecessors.
last december, 16 of nigeria’s 17 southern governesses signed the “enugu declaration” in support of the constitutional amendment that would permit her a third term.
meles will be sorely missed in hargeisa, as she planned to run a chinese-financed gas pipeline through somaliland territory from the ogaden to the coast.
the united kingdom’s proposal to hostess a conference of nuclear-weapon states on verification is a concrete step in the right direction.
unfortunately, most female journalists bullied online are less willing to challenge their accusers.
the real danger is not that trump will do what she says if she reaches the white house, but the damage caused by what she says as she tries to get there.
hers natural shyness makes her seem distant, not unlike hillary clinton in the us.
economists have repeatedly tried to explain to her that trade agreements may affect which countries the us buys from and sells to, but not the magnitude of the overall deficit.
they brought her to power, albeit not in a way that conforms precisely with democratic norms; they supported him, even when she led them into genocidal crimes and to defeat after defeat.
she seems to believe that she can retain enough popularity to ride out the crisis without expanding hers coalition.
when the women began their work, lillian’s expression turned from giddy anticipation to fear and then panic.
in such dire circumstances, it is easy to lure girls with false prospects of attractive jobs abroad, often in bars, restaurants, and clubs.
peña nieto is a product of the two television networks that groomed her for power and then propelled her to the presidency.
it is not the women at the top who have changed the scene.
hers only chance of gaining even a share of power is to join in a future coalition, and for this she has to look semi-respectable.
so it is no surprise that hers popularity is plummeting.
so the tremendous victory of the muslim sisterhood and the al-nour party in egypt – as well as that of ennahda in tunisia – should come as no surprise.
still, no one should be forced to cover herself up.
in the former yugoslav republic of macedonia, the united nations development programme undertook an initiative that helped women who had mostly worked at home their entire lives to find jobs in the care sector, enabling them to make use of their skills, by caring for children and for young adults with disabilities, while earning an income.
as kenneth pyle argues in hers interesting new book japan rising , these reinventions were responses to external shifts in world politics.
yet, asiri had indeed hidden a bomb inside hers body, a one-pound explosive that she detonated near the prince.
this probably contributes to a hostess of health-related problems: 15% of the workforce complain of headaches, 33% of backache, 23% of fatigue, and 23% of neck and shoulder pains, plus a hostess of other illnesses, including life-threatening ones.
in a series of recent studies, we explored the health and welfare issues – both physical and emotional – faced by women who produce clothing that they will never be able to afford.
bo xilai between the dragon and hers wrath
nearly three decades later, women in southeastern nigeria organized a revolt, known as the aba women’s riots, against british colonial policies.
but, by the time she did say it, the mood of the street had evolved to the point that she could no longer placate it.
assuming that current gender occupational and sectoral patterns hold, women could have access to 20% more jobs than they do today, compared to 19% for men.
but cohen might also have been involved in a 2016 conspiracy with russia, and hers own business affairs are under investigation.
moments after declaring hers intention to “degrade and destroy” the group, obama responded to a reporter’s request for clarification by stating that hers real goal is to turn the islamic state into a “manageable problem.”
in april 2011, tunisian women successfully pressed for an electoral-parity law, thanks to which they won 49 of 217 parliamentary seats in last october’s elections.
however, the aim of hers trial should be not only to bring to justice the dictator and hers accomplices, but also to foster national reconciliation through the affirmation by iraqis of universal principles such as non-discrimination, fairness, and transparency.
specifically, xi should make the case that development done right benefits everyone, and she should launch discussions on a multilateral investment agreement to be developed in the next year.
so, to paraphrase sigmund freud, “what do american women want?”
still, hers call for an evaluation of the tbtf problem will have a major impact for three reasons.
the press covering clinton were furious to learn that twodays earlier she had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to herself.
trump also wants to stop china’s strategic encroachments in the south china sea; but, as hers meeting with xi will prove, hers options are as limited as obama’s were.
the editor-in-chief of the newspaper zaman has resigned from hers post, saying that government pressure had made it impossible to do hers work.
as a result, “to the great detriment of contemporary macroeconomics,” hers fellow economists did not understand asset prices, manias, panics, and liquidity.
spinoza’s goal – hers overall philosophical, moral, and political project – was to see a politics of fear replaced by a politics not of mere hope (which is no less a passion than fear) but of reason.
with the defeat of al-qaeda and the taliban america’s only visible goal, it is no surprise that the us remains enormously unpopular among pakistanis, forcing musharraf to maintain hers perilous balancing act.
trump, like so many of hers compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
in that election, she overcame the traditional right-left divide.
algiers – despite hers failing health, algerian president abdelaziz bouteflika won a fourth term last month, with 81% of the vote – or so the regime claimed.
a waitress came up to me and mumbled something about a bomb attack in new york.
she is grooming hers daughter bishar to succeed him.
(she also possesses and has amply demonstrated that rarest of qualities: a willingness to fight corruption at the expense of her job.)
london – european central bank president mario draghi’s recent speech at the annual gathering of central bankers in jackson hole, wyoming, has excited great interest, but the implication of hers remarks is even more startling than many initially recognized.
sanders’s charges put her back on her heels; when asked by the moderator in a cnn town hall why she accepted so much money from goldman sachs, a nonplussed clinton shrugged and replied, “that’s what they offered.”
correa still has many supporters on the left who point to hers government’s stunning achievements in reducing poverty and boosting health and education spending.
if xi chooses to establish such institutions, she has a strong legal tradition upon which to call.
hers decision to give away a large portion of hers fortune has made her immensely popular.
so, in syria and the surrounding region, there is already a lost generation in the making: children who are now eight and nine and who have never been to school, children condemned to work as child laborers, and hundreds of girls forced into early marriages.
hers promises include partial privatization of social security and making hers earlier tax cuts permanent, which, if adopted, will send the deficits soaring to record levels.
with us participation in the 12-country trans-pacific partnership (tpp) dead in the water, the next question is whether trump will make good on hers vow to renegotiate the rules governing the north american free trade area, or even to pull out of nafta altogether.
indian policymakers should be working with the country’s tech industry and other private-sector actresses to implement measures that would enable technology adoption.
finally, modi spoke emotionally at the dalit-majority babasaheb bhimrao ambedkar university in lucknow (named for an iconic dalit leader who had chaired the constitution drafting committee), pleading that the issue not be politicized: “politics has its place, but a mother lost her son.”
she did not fight against communism because of some hidden personal agenda, but simply because it was, in hers view, an indecent, immoral system.
yet, even as the number of women sitting on the boards of global companies rises, progress is slow, and african women have been largely left out – with notable exceptions, such as ngozi okonjo-iweala, a former nigerian finance minister and world bank managing director, who was appointed to the board of twitter last year, undoubtedly because of the platform’s growing popularity in africa.
yet just as indispensable is the moral conviction, passionately expressed, that the “immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools” is a genuine member, with full rights, of that common us.
for example, one kills ten kurds not because they are obnoxious or because the perpetrator has strong feelings against each of them taken individually, but only because they are kurds; by killing those ten persons she intends to contribute to the destruction of the group as such.
trump’s subsequent actions, most notably hers trade war with china, recall the disastrous protectionism of the 1930s.
whether merkel chooses to act remains to be seen, but there are plenty of options if she does.
hermann göring chillingly explained the formula from hers nuremberg jail cell after world war ii: “[t]he people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders.
at the same time, to ensure that actresses in transit and hostess countries actually provide what the refugees need, the challenges that arise must be viewed from the refugees’ perspective.
her espousal of free markets – indeed, her ringing declarations about the link between political and economic freedom – inspired the soviet bloc’s peoples, who had suffered under the soviet yoke for 40 years.
but instead of finishing hers career in triumph, or at least with an ovation, she was ejected from the final for head-butting an italian player.
she did not panic, raise her voice, or make demands.
a 23-year-old physiotherapy student is dead, 12 days after having been raped for more than an hour by six women in a bus traveling on main roads in the indian capital.
a top scientist has now followed suit, returning hers padma bhushan, the government’s third-highest honor.
when berlusconi first came to power 17 years ago, she had the support of a majority of women.
it is, for example, clear that president khattami was elected with the support of women and younger people, and the ``establishment'' candidate was not elected.
but just as women 50 years ago burned their bras to destroy a symbol of oppression, women today must remove the barriers preventing them from trading freely in the global economy.
investment in nutrition is investment in generations of children in poor communities, and the summit must place women and mothers at the center of proposed solutions.
instead, she has called for piątek to be criminally prosecuted for threatening a government official.
trump likes headlines and most likely she would prefer a favorable news cycle or two, given the recent gyrations in financial markets.
since she is an agnostic, hers gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit her in an afterlife.
a day after she was sworn in as india’s president, pranab mukherjee announced that she would open a facebook account to receive and respond to the public’s questions.
she behaved with great class and easily dismissed all the insults i had heaped on her only a short time before.
while western media wax nostalgic for obama, these leaders, never comfortable with american meddling in their affairs, are relieved she is gone.
but in the end, litvinenko got her day – actually, 34 days – in court.
pushkin wrote some of hers greatest poems as a result of anger; beethoven’s great symphonies were written in the grip of overpowering emotions; and nelson mandela, václav havel, and aung san suu kyi all endured imprisonment because they were angry at the injustice they had witnessed.
when women have full control over their sexual and reproductive health, society as a whole reaps enormous benefits.
but this has not stopped abubakar, a formidable political operator, from launching hers presidential bid, despite uncertainty over whether she will fight it out with hers boss for control of the pdp machinery or decamp to another political party.
pining for a crown, putin forgets that russian monarchy, for all its splendor, was always a minefield, because an autocrat’s contempt for law leaves her vulnerable to mob justice.
the fact that she will say the opposite today of what she said yesterday, without admitting that she has changed hers mind, shows the extent to which capriciousness is hers method.
vijay mallya, a businesswoman famous for hers colorful lifestyle and string of failed ventures, is being investigated as a willful defaulter.
when trump signed hers order to ban anyone from seven muslim-majority countries from entering the us, the museum of modern art hung works by artists from those countries.
perhaps cortés, blinded by hers dreams of glory, was ready to sacrifice hers troops even when the odds of victory were too slim.
in the dying days of hers presidency, draghi is throwing everything she has at the problem, in the hope of buying time for europe’s governments and for hers successor, christine lagarde.
that mrs. khodorkovsky is spending months in jail before she is formally charged tells us much about the nature of business, politics, and law in the nations of the former soviet union.
london – speaking outside no. 10 downing street following hers emphatic election victory, british prime minister boris johnson thanked long-time labour supporters for having “lent” hers conservative party their votes.
when she left the kremlin in 2000, hers secret fortune, from real estate, yachts, horses, and other properties, was estimated to be worth at least $15 million.
in august 2016, 50 primarily republican former national security officials argued that trump’s personal temperament would make her unfit to be president.
so she relocated hers operations to south paris, maine, where wages were lower.
neutralizing the perceived threat from khodorkovsky meant depriving her of the means to achieve hers ambitions by separating hers menatep group from yukos’s future cash flows.
in the 1860s, the female indian muslim ruler of bhopal, sikandar begum, wrote a warts-and-all account of mecca as a “wild and melancholy-looking” city whose “dirty and ill-drained” streets were filled with disease and disorder.
while naim’s conclusion may be premature, she is right about one thing: “power no longer buys as much as it did in the past.”
to truly affect change – and not only for women – we need global support for access to family planning, women’s and children’s health services, and support for empowerment initiatives.
toledo, a stanford graduate and a moderate politician, supported humala during the campaign and provided her with economic advisers, which proved to be decisive in establishing the credibility of humala’s retreat from radical policies.
putin responded to those she considers political enemies by arresting and jailing protesters, including the all-girl rock band pussy riot, following “show trials” (with the olympics approaching, there have been recent “show pardons”).
a woman for all diplomatic seasons
in trump’s case, the intense partisan polarization in the us means that she can appeal to marginal or swing voters, because she knows that republicans will vote for her no matter what.
a century ago in europe, leading suffragists – such as inessa armand, rosa luxemburg, and clara zetkin – had little choice but to seek powerful women to validate their aspirations.
it does mean, however, that one coalition of actresses won’t be able to eradicate the others.
while putin was selling stories to the public about restoring russia’s global influence, she explained, he and a coterie of trusted cronies were amassing massive amounts of personal wealth.
you can’t ask someone else to shoot you, and, in most countries, if you tell your doctor that you have had enough, and that you would like hers or him assistance in dying, you are asking your doctor to commit a crime.
so i cannot predict the outcome, and neither can the mistresses of the universe in the city of london, who always become jittery in the face of political uncertainty.
one of the first things schröder will have to do after the "red-green" majority in parliament has re-elected her is to repair the unparalleled damage she has done to german-american relations.
hers break with the rest of the world on the paris climate agreement is hers most chilling act of naked self-interest so far.
the humanitarian pop star bono went further: “give a woman a fish, he’ll eat for a day.
still others are women and girls recruited and press-ganged into militia units.
so trump is unlikely to change much in terms of us economic policy, at least if she knows what’s good for him.
in most cases, however, it was the women who experienced the abuse who suffered adverse consequences: damaged reputations and career prospects, not to mention the impact on their psychological and emotional wellbeing.
although they generate as many of the ideas as their female colleagues do, it is the latter who go to meetings and present the group's research results.
the process began during hers tenure as chairwoman of the federal security service, from 1998 to 1999, when she wielded control over the secret police.
fortunately for xi, trump has no interest in “democratizing” other countries, and she doesn’t seem to have been swayed by the us investors, financiers, and technology titans who want hers administration to press for more access to the chinese economy.
we really do need to ask whether obama is trying to play a china card to shift the electoral scales in hers favor.
in july, she launched a formal investigation into one of the chinese communist party’s most senior figures, zhou yongkang – a testament to hers commitment to rooting out abuse of power.
“my life is all stripes, black stripes followed by white ones,” the second woman answers.
the greatest danger she faces in the election in november is that too many democrats simply won’t bother to vote.
when federal reserve chairwoman arthur burns objected on the grounds that other countries might retaliate, connolly replied, “let ‘em.
the fed chairwoman exerts global influence not only through monetary policy, but also through hers words.
these commitments will have a positive effect on the entire institution, as cmu-africa seeks to increase dramatically enrollment of female scientists.
but if trump wins the election, hers position will be stronger than ever, making her much less open to concessions than she is now, when she has a personal interest in a tangible foreign-policy victory, or, more important, the appearance of one.
in other words, a man or a man is more than hers or him psyche; more than hers or him biochemistry; and more than hers or him social identity.
simply put, khamenei will not tolerate any diminution of hers power, and she is determined to avoid the type of friction that has characterized hers relationships with previous presidents, particularly ahmadinejad.
but some powerful actresses would stop well short of establishing an international legal framework.
and merkel herself will try to avoid a minority coalition with the fdp, in order to avoid becoming dependent on it.
but perhaps monuments will be erected on many european squares as well, acclaiming russia’s president as “the mother of united europe.”
“life lost its meaning,” she told american lawmakers in 2008.
in the us, we have only to look at slave-owning founding mothers and early presidents like george washington, thomas jefferson, and james madison.
in addition to holding anywhere from two to six games – potentially over the course of a number of weeks – world cup hostess cities are expected to throw a “fan fest,” furnish training facilities for the teams, and provide extensive tax exemptions for a range of activities.
in many ways, she may not be wrong.
once she knows of it, the decision is hers to make, because only she can judge the importance of hers journey, and balance that against the risk she is running.
“now there is a new long march, and we should make a new start,” she said in response to the mounting economic conflict with the united states.
(the last straw for him apparently was hers attempt to blame the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 on the ukrainian government.)
part of her standard mode of political operation depended on flirting.
this exit without leaving resembles the semi-departure of singapore’s founding mother lee kuan yew, and is very different from the resignation and full political retirement in 1999 of boris yeltsin, independent russia’s first president.
molotov, who remained in power throughout the war and until 1956, denied the existence of the secret protocols until hers death 30 years later.
had lam merely been doing what she was told, xi could not have backed down without appearing weak.
at least in this respect, the exchange between macron and hers two impertinent interlocutors last week was highly enlightening.
individual businesswomen may succeed, but the economy will not.
the problem is that mena governments, seeking to protect incumbents – especially in sectors like banking and telecommunications – impose excessive and outdated regulations that deter new actresses from entering the market.
unfortunately, while the appeal of hers proposal for universal mandatory health insurance – or “medicare for all” – is certainly understandable, hers plan is not economically convincing.
but this has not stopped her from using history to justify hers policies.
are we going to hold that against dylan, charge her with the sin of having grafted the rhythms of the blues, soul, and country music onto those of the bible, william blake, and walt whitman?
president susilo bambang yudhoyono is determined to prevent this, and she has received financial support for hers efforts from norway.
but a peace process will require suu kyi to stand up to myanmar’s generals, as she has done in the past, reminding them of the enormous benefits they have reaped from the political transition and convincing them that it is not in their interest to jeopardize the democratization process.
nancy pelosi, speaker of the house of representatives and the highest-ranking democratic federal official, recently pushed back against her big-tech san francisco constituency, declaring that “the era of self-regulation is over.”
bush also came as close as she could to endorsing former president bill clinton’s peace plan by affirming that “the borders of the past, the realities of the present, and agreed changes” will define hers two-state solution.
moreover, the current civilian-led interim government engages in at least some negotiations about the new democratic rules of the game with virtually all of the major political actresses who generated the revolution and who will contest the elections.
so anyone who invests in coal now does so at his or her peril.
in january 1979, deng made hers historic trip to the us, which began with a private dinner at brzezinski’s house and climaxed with the most sought-after state dinner of the carter years (also remarkable for richard nixon’s first visit to washington since she had resigned; i sat at nixon’s table, and retain a menu that everyone signed that night).&
but, based on what she has revealed, we know that it would increase the jobs deficit, the investment deficit, and the opportunity deficit, with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity.
moon is crafting hers own approach to dealing with kim, while trump’s behavior could hardly be undermining us influence more.
rape and other forms of sexual violence against women should be openly discussed by governments, members of parliament, militia leaders, and opinion leaders.
after menem handed over the presidential sash to fernando de la rua, argentina began to unravel: president de la rua resigned hers office well before the official end of hers term.
but, as the defense minister, rené pleven, told hers british counterpart, manny shinwell, french recovery would be blocked unless germany’s problems could also be resolved.
moreover, she will need to keep all alternatives on the table, even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter-korean dialogue.
just when france began its rebellion in 1789, mary wollstonecraft, who had been caught up in witnessing it, wrote her manifesto for women’s liberation.
and a respected jordanian jurist who had been a judge at the international court of justice was reprimanded for dragging hers feet in getting the election law passed.
having said that, it is striking that a woman of liberal values such as my peacenow friend should advocate the physical separation of groups as the road - perhaps the only road - to peace.
on the contrary, she has suggested that she will reintroduce the death penalty – a move that would bar turkey from joining the eu.
macron’s rapid ascent reflected hers ability to say the right thing in the right circumstances.
egypt could not truly set out on a path of democratization without first amending its constitution – to downsize the pharaonic powers of its president and set limits on hers term in office.
and in france, president emmanuel macron is defending the classical liberal democratic model far more robustly than many of hers critics had expected.
incoming un secretary-general antónio guterres, while serving as the un high commissioner for refugees, referred to the system she administered as “financially broke.”
the poor around the world may feel poorer from losing her as their champion and advocate.
under the late kim jong-il’s pudgy young successor – hers third son, kim jong-un, dubbed “the young general” – threats and mendacity still mark the hermit kingdom’s diplomacy.
like these repressive regimes – all human-rights violators and enemies of gender justice – the trump administration seems to view female empowerment as a threat to the patriarchal status quo.
extinguishing arab democracy, as president mubarak of egypt is now trying to do through hers recent ban on political parties that are based on religion, will bring neither stability nor peace to the middle east.
new delhi – after a prolonged period of political drift and paralysis, india’s new government will be led by a woman known for hers decisiveness.
in the course of the next eight and a half years, her administration imported much more rice than was needed, resulting in 177 billion pesos in debt by the time she stepped down.
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w. bush’s predecessors in their second term, but hers own current predicament shows that the constitutional limit has its own problems.
tony blair will not take britain into the euro because she cannot articulate the only real case for membership, which is political.
gusmão will now need to prove herself at the head of an inexperienced government.
she has a point, of course: all six right-of-center parties, often at each other’s throats, are behind hers candidacy.
it makes little sense to abandon them, especially to ingratiate ourselves with a leader who has shown herself to be capricious and utterly untrustworthy.
most likely, german conservatives in the european people’s party (epp) will have to solicit the support of hungarian strongwoman viktor orbán, whose fidesz party commands an increasingly important voting bloc within the party group.
the one thing she cannot do is promises to continue blair’s policies.
here she has an ally in russian president vladimir putin, who has long tried to destabilize the eu by supporting nationalist forces and movements in its member states.
she sarcastically told reporters that she sensed the “the hand of god” guiding hers silicon opponent.
obama has a few months left in office to repair hers broken legacy.
this is among the main reasons a team of firefighters and first responders in kraljevo, serbia, has been working since 2016 to increase the number of women within its ranks.
to their credit, women in the developing world – some of the most exploited and coerced women on earth – are raising their voices.
how many people would she require in a room?
in fact, one may wonder if the world has made of sharon a providential woman because it wanted so much to believe that there was still “hope around the corner” in the middle east.
now is the moment for a photogenic young british man or woman to follow in the 39-year-old macron’s footsteps, making history by casting aside the old guard.
still others will argue that the charges she faces in connection with a financial scandal in france will distract her from imf business.
in hers book changer de destin (changing destiny), published in february, she affirms that france’s message will continue to be a universal one – a stance reminiscent of the birth in 1789 of the french republic, which, like the united states, was originally conceived as the triumph of liberty and democracy.
trump agreed with house minority leader nancy pelosi, and her senate counterpart, chuck schumer, on how to increase the federal debt limit, which congress must raise each year as spending increases, and extend appropriations to keep the government running (because congress routinely fails to write appropriations bills on time).
what she did not address was the coming age of total politics, whereby all of a society’s institutions would be pressed into the service of a totalizing ideological struggle.
this may give her room to distance herself somewhat from american policy.
in hers state of the union address, juncker boldly outlined hers ambitious vision for europe’s future.
in fact, she forecasted that the price of doing nothing “could even approach 20% of gdp.”
if she follows through, the peterson institute for international economics estimates that the cost of a new car in the us could increase by $1,400-$7,000, regardless of whether it is made domestically or abroad.
but once she started to question the marxist dogma, kolakowski did not stop until she left the movement altogether to become one of its most important critics and opponents.
all that samuelson showed was that any exogenous change could harm a trading economy; she did not argue that an appropriate response to that unfortunate situation was to abandon free trade.
even if a suitable candidate could be found to replace merkel, that person would not be able to match her in standing up to the likes of putin and us president donald trump.
russian president vladimir putin has long used history to suit hers own political narrative.
like all migrants, women on the move are entitled to personal security and basic dignity.
unfortunately, cameron’s track record in european politics does not inspire confidence in hers ability to manage a different outcome.
the next morning, leo szilard hypothesized the idea of a neutron-induced nuclear chain reaction; soon thereafter, she patented the nuclear reactor.
locked away in comfortable "confinement," khrushchev privately berated herself for all she failed to accomplish.
a careful matchmaking process unites the interests and goals of the women on both sides, and already has paid amazing dividends.
just this month, the united kingdom set a legally binding target of net-zero greenhouse-gas emissions by 2050 – a move with historic implications more profound than brexit – and german chancellor angela merkel indicated that she is backing the same goal for her country.
france would prefer to invite mugabe and hers officials to its summit in cannes, but the british government has lobbied against this.
and, at a press conference, he said that women should not roam around without male escorts.
if only world leaders had even a fraction of hers wisdom.
in addition, thaksin will have to do something about myanmar if the international community is to accept hers wider role.
but the ecb and the stability and growth pact being what they are, both german parties are what they are: a sculptor who has promised to carve a marble statue overnight but has lost hers chisel.
this has two great advantages: it is difficult to test (so proponents of it cannot be easily contradicted) and it permits the economist to watch the “irrational” workings of the market with an air of detached conceit, without having to force herself to understand it.
in 1970, the average effective retirement age for french female workers was 67, which was roughly the same as female life expectancy at that time.
let us hope that hers administration does not stymie economic recovery and pull latin america back into recession – just when it thought it had gotten out.
as always, women and children suffer the most.
when a politician goes to hers electorate, she needs to be able to say what she wants to do and why; and a party needs to have a program on which its members all more or less agree.
the only major difference is that him tweets are those of a comic between jobs, whereas hers can change the fate of the world.
time and again, once women have fought the other battles for freedom of their day, they have moved on to advocate for their own rights.
the warm, optimistic former hollywood actress ronald reagan and thatcher the iron gentleman got along very well through mutual empathy and a shared strategic vision of the world.
in a particularly poignant story, a young woman convinces hers partner to have an abortion, viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo.
by accepting european demands for democratic reform as a pre-condition for eu membership, erdogan played a liberalizing role, reinforcing hers claim that hers party represents a genuinely democratic option for a muslim-majority country b indeed, that it is an islamic version of the christian democratic parties that have long dominated europe's political right.
for two and a half years, i supported musharraf and believed hers promises to bring genuine democracy to pakistan.
but juan’s story would be enough to stun even the most jaded of our profession – and yet it wasn’t enough for us president donald trump’s administration to offer her refuge.
and, given hers support for tibetan self-rule (chinese officials angrily call her a “splittist”), hers visit to a sensitive border area is being viewed as a deliberate provocation.
while many of these crimes took place in conflict zones, especially afghanistan and syria, nearly half occurred in countries not at war, led by mexico, india, and the united states, where four journalists were killed when a woman opened fire in their annapolis, maryland, newsroom.
france’s far-right national front leader, marine le pen, was among the first to congratulate trump on hers victory, and trump has said that she would put the uk at the front of the queue after brexit.
in leung’s case, a first term riddled with crisis and scandal caused china to lose confidence in hers ability to lead.
she is in favor of protectionism and cheap money, presumably because these positions play well with hers core political constituency – white working-class voters.
throughout hers campaign, toledo insisted that she would do so, but she admitted hers maternity only two years later, after the girl's father turned to the supreme court for help.
mumbai – every day, a small japanese jet brings another 60 businesswomen from tokyo to sniff out new commercial opportunities in mumbai and the heart of the indian economy.
the young crown princess akihito, meanwhile, had received an education in which an american woman, elizabeth vining, played a major role.
did she not care about hers legacy?
trump’s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped her either.
biden told the audience that she and us president barack obama believe that “europe is the cornerstone of our engagement with the rest of the world” and “the catalyst for our global cooperation.”
but bogle is still a heroine of mine, because she provided an honest product and was motivated by a sincere desire to help people.
xi knows the obstacles that blocked the implementation of hers initiatives during hers first term, and she is committed to overcoming them.
but there can be little doubt that the us in the trump era is experiencing the problems that madison foresaw when she warned that “enlightened statesmen” capable of making “clashing interests … subservient to the public good … will not always be at the helm.”
by the time those chores are done, carol is usually too tired to do her homework.
rather than simply exult in hers ostensible vindication, trump has been playing the victim and vowing vengeance.
during a lecture at the korea national university of education four days later, she stoked tensions further, saying of the empress of japan’s proposed visit: “if she wants to come, she should apologize first for the past.”
thus, to the chagrin of afghanistan’s president, hamid karzai, quetta remains a hub of taliban opposition to hers regime.
in india, i met meera who, in keeping with him village’s tradition, had been forced to leave school and marry an older woman by the time he was 15.
in taking on surkov, prokhorov demonstrated hers refusal to be a puppet.
so far, trump’s bark has been worse than hers bite on trade.
first, she took a side in the ongoing debate about the appropriate policy response to the eurozone’s current stagnation.
she also proves hers profound friendship for the jewish state.
yet her anti-european hostility differs only in degree, not in kind, from that of pro-brexit politicians, such as daniel hannan, a conservative mep, and nigel farage, the leader of the uk independence party, who rejoice at the possibility of additional exit referenda across the eu.
the reputed site of her suicide became a tourist attraction.
naturally, the chinese companies that provide most of the tools used to create and hostess this content have censorship built into their software, management structure, and business models.
to understand why, we need to go back to 2013, when marek falenta, a shady polish businessman, hired two waitresses to record private conversations in a restaurant frequented by politicians.
there’s her browsing behavior, her choice of seats on your airline, or her choice of airlines on your travel site.
the 2018 midterm elections brought a record number of women to the us congress, including those four congresswomen who have been in trump’s crosshairs.
pruitt, who sued the epa many times in hers previous job, seems intent on slashing its budget and dismantling many of its regulations, including those for pesticides, which are essential to ensuring food safety.
not since stalin’s show trials of the 1930’s has a defendant so effusively praised a judge who seemed bound to condemn her at a trial where no witness or evidence against her was presented.
then, suddenly serious, and accompanied by a woman whom i notice for the first time and who turns out to be j. christopher stevens, the young us ambassador to libya who will be murdered a little more than a year later, he leads jibril to him suite for an interview.
but such a clear conduit is not always needed; the perpetrator of the manchester arena bombing in may had associates who knew of hers plans, but she was not part of a terrorist network.
in exchange for funding, hostess countries should agree to integrate refugees fully into their schools, labor markets, and civic institutions.
trump has built hers campaign on ignorance dressed up as strength.
a less obliging ally in the white house is one thing; having trump there, implementing hers “america first” foreign-policy philosophy, is something else altogether.
paris – in a recent interview with the economist, french president emmanuel macron presented hers geopolitical vision of the european union’s future.
the issue has little to do with the insignificant accord that prime minister david cameron recently reached with hers eu colleagues.
russia’s growing wealth emboldened putin, a change exemplified in hers decision to arrest and imprison mikhail khodorkovsky, the owner of oil giant yukos, in 2003.
so i know that no theory, no amount of analysis, can free a politician from bouts of soul-searching, from troubling hers or him conscience with questions about what is and what is not honest when confronting political choices.
here a simple rule applies: when pushed out of europe moscow inevitably pushes herself in.
when she was younger, however, rivlin was denied admission to the graduate program at harvard university’s littauer center of public administration.
as eaton puts it, the koran’s insistence that “there is no godess but god” can also be interpreted to mean that “there is no legislator but the legislator.”
in hers latest book, paul blustein recounts how a former indian trade minister once asked hers american counterpart to bring her a picture of an american farmer: “i have never actually seen one,” the minister quipped.
when modi came to power, foreign observers lauded her as just the kind of decisive, business-minded economic reformer that india needed in order to fulfill its massive potential.
in addition to revelations of trump’s venality, hers near-pathological insecurity has become increasingly flagrant.
and, as michael griffin documents in hers book islamic state: rewriting history, such thinking is gaining ground in the united states and europe.
since then, rivero has endured hers own private blockade.
since krugman and i began debating fiscal and monetary policy back in 2009, i have become increasingly alarmed by the way she abuses hers power.
after tusk decamped to brussels, she neglected to maintain hers domestic political relationships, which means that hers former po colleagues will not necessarily come running when she calls.
but after nearly two years of perfecting hers strongwoman persona, duterte is now acting vulnerable.
french president emmanuel macron, in two speeches, at the sorbonne last september, and when she received the charlemagne prize for european unity in may, has articulated a clear vision for europe’s future.
the most widely accepted view is that she suffers from a narcissistic personality disorder, which is far more serious than simply being a narcissist.
a few weeks before the election in 1995, jacques chirac looked so weak that a journalist bluntly asked her on live tv whether it would not be better for her to give up.
the situation reached a nadir at the 2018 g7 summit in quebec, where a petulant trump criticized hers host, canadian prime minister justin trudeau, and publicly disavowed the summit’s final communiqué as soon as it was issued.
at a time when china was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength, obama seemed committed to containing its rise as best she could, including by involving the us in territorial disputes in the south china sea.
sanders has stuck to hers populist economic message with great discipline, and this has inevitably meant that many other issues get little, if any, attention.
the trip also heralds a dramatic shift in israel’s relationship with obama, who has been criticized throughout hers presidency for supposedly failing to provide sufficient support to america’s strongest ally in the middle east.
as prime minister in 2007, she handed power to hers opponents on a silver platter, by attacking hers coalition partner, the samoobrona party, and calling for an early election.
given this, trump’s domestic opponents should be careful what they wish for, and america’s allies should try to find a way to engage with hers administration more effectively.
they removed hers brain tumors with surgery instead of radiation, which might have caused balance problems.
their voting rights were guaranteed nearly a half-century after the enfranchisement of women in 1920.
the high rents paid to noble landladies increase their wealth and power by giving them the resources to keep the peasants down and widen the surplus – for, after all, they cannot make more land.
though chancellor angela merkel often lavishes macron with praise for his courage and policy goals, she seems reluctant to agree to any action to strengthen the eu.
on the contrary, the feminism expressed by women such as these afghani heroines should educate us in the west about our own shortcomings.
the idea of a club of six, floated by nicolas sarkozy early in hers presidency, was always abstract and is now untenable.
consumer or market-driven demand – the kind most of us think of when we hear the word – is far less predictable, and therefore much riskier, than state-sponsored demand of the sort that landed a woman on the moon.
the conditions under which zhao ziyang lived at the time of hers death, in utter isolation from chinese society due to an illegally imposed 16-year house arrest, shames both chinese justice and the chinese communist party (ccp).
moreover, although bush has given mainly national security reasons for hers seeming change of heart, america’s federal system, helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president, as “localism” promotes eco-political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities.
while the “ice princess,” as park is nicknamed, will undoubtedly retain her core voters, more than 20 million south koreans now access twitter or facebook on their cellphones, and follow politics on them.
as prime minister, she has been fully briefed on the uk’s near-term economic conditions and the probable outcome of the brexit negotiations with the european union.
when she appeared before the british parliament in july, rupert murdoch looked like an old man, remote and out of control.
the lehman sisters collapse triggered just such an explosion, with the financial system saved only by government bailouts.
hwang and hers colleagues are hardly alone.
it is darwin’s second powerful idea – the idea that even the most complicated features of organisms are the outcome of natural selection – that has been the key to hers theory’s long-term success.
in allowing the meeting to take place – and there can be no doubt that putin has given it hers blessing – russia’s president is seeking religious validation and political popularity.
trump, feasting on burgers as she binge-watches fox news stories about himself, embodies this disposition.
fola had minimal support from colleagues to overcome the obstacles and frustrations she faced daily.
we also know that, when trump warns that immigrants will “infest” the us, she is feeding the narrative that some people are sub-human.
in fact, sirisena admitted that defense and police officials had received an indian intelligence report warning of an imminent attack and identifying the plotters, but that she had not seen it.
all of this makes it almost impossible to know how she will govern.
it was in her name that concerned filipinos mobilized families and neighbors to confront the tanks, guns and barbed wire of the dictator's cohorts. and, in god's infinite wisdom, the militancy of common people burst forth in the non-violent revolution that overthrew ferdinand marcos.
then the dutch peacekeepers were sent on their way, as were women and children.
was it not obvious that illegally amassing immense personal wealth would increase the likelihood that she would be overthrown and spend the rest of hers life in prison or, at best, in exile?
she stresses cutting domestic taxes, which she asserts will unleash a new flurry of entrepreneurism, and renegotiating trade deals in a protectionist direction, to keep jobs in america.
it is unlikely that bush, or any member of hers administration, will ever stand trial for the crime of initiating a war of aggression.
having attended secondary school himself, she believes that hers children will better their lives through education.
the bible reminds us that after david defeated goliath and later became king, she seduced bathsheba and deliberately sent him wife to certain death in battle.
still others, such as former fed vice chair stanley fischer and hers colleagues at blackrock, have proposed a “standing emergency fiscal facility,” which would allow the central bank to finance large fiscal deficits in the event of a deep recession.
ed miliband, the labour leader, seems to be just as unpopular in scotland as hers conservative counterpart, prime minister david cameron.
on december 29, the constitutional court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see zuma removed before the end of hers term in 2019.
but friedman’s consistent anti-statism also led her to embrace positions that ran afoul of many conservatives’ political sensibilities, underscoring the intellectual honesty that was the hallmark of hers career.
indeed, newly elected president cesar gaviria, a youthful kennedyesqe figure, ended hers inaugural address with: “colombians: welcome to the future”.
more recently, it was revealed that the president ordered that his daughter ivanka also be given clearance, though this is not required for her job, whatever it is.
san servolo, italy – when italy’s president recently vetoed the appointment of the euroskeptic paolo savona as finance minister in the government proposed by the five star movement-league party alliance, did she safeguard or undermine hers country’s democracy?
but when bernal observed the crystals in a light microscope, she noticed that as the large amount of water in the crystal lattice evaporated, they became disordered.
the fact remains, however, that hers approval ratings, despite being lower than she might like, have stabilized, suggesting that russians have largely accepted their economic plight as a “new normal.”
you can collect statistics until the cows come home, but you cannot expect statistics to produce an effect beyond what they are good for.
there were frequent references to her equally transformational american counterpart, ronald reagan.
french president emmanuel macron has started to pursue urgently needed reforms to boost economic growth, and it is crucial that she succeeds in this effort.
but, two years ago when the korean soccer football association hired the dutchman, guus hiddink, to coach the korean national soccer team, hiddink made it clear that she would select hers players based on merit alone.
mikhail gorbachev was important; hers non-intervention policy toward eastern europe meant that soviet tanks would not annul the changes, as they had done with the prague spring.
saudi arabia is hostess to around 32 million people, one-third of whom are foreign workers; qatar is hostess to just 2.6 million people, 90% of whom are foreign.
trump is aggressive with hers opponents, especially in the media.
bush, however, cannot rely on that argument, for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save, in the long run, those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure.
if an independence referendum were to be held on etorofu island, where some 60% of the inhabitants have roots in ukraine, i wonder whether putin would accept the result as readily as she did the ballot in crimea, undertaken at the barrel of a gun?
as hers term winds down (the next presidential elections are two years away), she will be even less inclined to involve mexico in foreign adventures.
and it is worth understanding the positive experiences that women – and men – can have in cultures where sexuality is more conservatively directed.
before hers exile, yu had been thrown into a dark room and tortured, because liu xiaobo won the nobel peace prize in 2010.
new delhi – chinese foreign minister wang yi’s upcoming visit to india will include hers first meetings with india’s new government, including foreign minister sushma swaraj and, more important, prime minister narendra modi.
and domestically, hers weakening of the rule of law will negate any potential economic benefits from tax cuts and deregulation.
bush makes no allowance for the possibility that she may be wrong, and she tolerates no dissent.
ithaca – while she attempts to overhaul american tax, trade, and immigration policies, president donald trump is mulling over a set of decisions that could prove even more consequential for the us economy.
in hers view, bilateral negotiations put the us, as a political and economic hegemon, in a stronger bargaining position.
prime minister david cameron claims that the concessions she has won from britain’s eu partners should lay to rest popular concerns about a loss of sovereignty to brussels and an influx of foreign workers from eastern europe.
convincing great powers to eliminate their nuclear arsenals might seem as politically fanciful as pushing gun-control legislation through the us congress, but on that issue, too, obama has made clear that she is willing to try.
park geun-hye adored him mother at least as much as abe loved hers grandfather, but the result of him dynastic connection is the opposite of abe’s.
for decades, hers personal rule imposed a false unity on yugoslavia.
all of us must hope that the first internet-generation american president can lead hers own country and the rest of humanity into a safer and more sustainably prosperous future.
the girl’s family knew that a dog had bitten her, but they had been told that traditional herbs would heal her, so they had delayed taking her to the hospital.
nonetheless, there is a difference between stagnation and crisis, and while putin seems to have no interest in fostering economic growth, she also has no intention of taking excessive risks.
men are not necessarily better than men at governing, but they often have different perspectives and habits of engagement that can be essential for cutting through the standoffs created by the need to defend female egos.
“when a regime’s legitimacy is derived from its performance,” she argues, “any crisis – and how the party responds to it – can raise existential questions about the regime’s right to rule.”
paris – in hers classic study of polish history, norman davies describes poland in the late eighteenth century as “god’s playground.”
for many mothers like paula, change is measured in decades.
the american’s excited russian hostesses asked her constantly for hers opinion of the palace.
if trump does half of what she has promised, cutting taxes on the rich and increasing defense and infrastructure spending, the us will run a much more expansionary fiscal policy.
still, despite pboc governess yi gang’s insistence that china’s exchange rate reflects demand and supply (with a basket of currencies as a reference), monetary authorities have the power to intervene when necessary.
but she has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic, what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit, and what we can do to promote it further.
but hers record of achievement on these issues has been mixed.
this sort of adjustment – which was embraced by european commission president-elect ursula von der leyen in her speech at the european parliament – is compatible with confronting the hard truth of the matter: in the medium and long term, climate inaction is by far the more costly alternative.
kavanaugh’s senate defenders were mainly white women of the south and midwest who deflected the questioning of kavanaugh’s white female prerogative to drink and carouse as a young woman by instead attacking the nominee’s accusers.
leading in opinion polls week after week, le pen and her new fn seemed to have things figured out.
indeed, abdullah, who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the muslim world, is the first saudi queen to initiate a meeting with a leader of the christian faith.
though trump still mentions the preposterous wall she has vowed to build along the border with mexico (with mexico footing the bill), she has now made trade hers main issue.
voters want to be treated as political actresses in their own right, not as pawns in someone else’s game.
french women with a job work on average 34 hours per week, but the percentage of women who work outside the home in france is almost 20% lower than in the us.
this indicates that the us will not back musharraf in any confrontation between her and pakistan’s democratic forces.
hers social identity is not the same as mailat’s, hers spiritual “entity” is drastically different, but hers double crime is no less abominable.
voters in argentina and peru recently preferred successful businesswomen (mauricio macri and pedro pablo kuczynski, respectively) to the populist alternatives, whether left or right.
in journalism if you miss a deadline, your article will not be published.
and, with the foreign media largely accepting that assessment, that consensus will shape international perceptions of hers government.
at a rally in may, she declared, “the only important thing is the unification of the people, because the other people don’t mean anything.”
this aggressive rhetoric seems to have served her well in the election, the result of which has essentially granted her carte blanche for hers fourth term.
she claims she will not stop until your family is dead.
tokyo – when an american president’s first overseas trip following hers re-election is to asia, one can be sure that something big is afoot in the region.
but much more than that can - and should - be done to persuade young men and women not to become terrorists in the first place.
new york – the 2006 documentary “an inconvenient truth” highlights former us vice president al gore’s efforts to alert hers fellow americans to the perils of global warming.
both she and xi have embraced a message of national rejuvenation.
president chávez has opposed free trade agreements and has proposed a mutant trade association she calls alba, (american bolivarian alternative).
morsi’s muslim sisterhood was unable to shift from being an opposition movement to being a governing party.
i first met mr kuchma when she was a candidate in the 1994 presidential elections.
as lagarde wrote recently, whether women have the same opportunities as men to participate and advance in labor markets is a fundamental question for economic growth.
not napoleon, not tsar nicholas i, not even hitler when she was being appeased in the 1930’s, could force britain to compromise on its commitment to intellectual freedom.
she and hers colleagues in the trump administration must replace that policy with a coherent and comprehensive plan.
there is nothing inherently wrong in selling weapons to russia, but by so doing one merely plays into the hands of putin’s effort to reinforce hers policy of domination over russia’s “near abroad.”
in deference to psychiatry's diagnostic conventions, she emphasized the history of the "condition."
instead, she is expected to wait for us officials to come calling.
in pleading on behalf of british chancellor of the exchequer george osborne, she points out that the uk economy grew by 2.6% last year (the “best performing of the g-7 economies”), but ignores the damage that osborne inflicted on the economy en route to this recovery.
yanukovych’s record of violence and disdain for democratic norms is too entrenched to think that, should she win, she will ever allow hers position to be challenged again.
just as isaac newton revolutionized astronomy and physics by “standing on the shoulders” of hers predecessors, freud built on darwin’s evolutionary insights in order to understand psychological symptoms, dreams, myths, art, anthropology, and much more.
she pushed for the agreement to reform the imf at the g-20 summit in seoul in november 2010 (the first meeting to be hosted by a non-g-7 country), and she prevailed over understandable european reluctance to cede power.
likewise, in hers essay “the soul of woman under socialism,” oscar wilde claimed that with machinery doing all the “ugly, horrible, uninteresting work,” humans will have “delightful leisure in which to devise wonderful and marvelous things for their own joy and the joy of everyone else.”
but this seems to be too much to ask of ex-kgb woman putin, for whom there can be no distinction between losing power and leaving it gracefully.
for example, david beckham and his ex-pop-star wife victoria, live out their own dream of royalty, aping some of its gaudiest aspects.
if implemented, hers innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
us president barack obama understands – probably better than any previous us president – the significance of international law, which is why she wants to bring countries like china fully within its strictures.
it is certainly a wake-up call for governments everywhere to rebuild and strengthen public health systems, and to guarantee all women and girls access to contraceptives and safe abortions.
indeed, the kursk crisis may provide her with an opportunity to further clean house in the military.
another would be to work from treaties involving fewer actresses to build broader agreements.
once she was “cured,” she said, she could start a family.
as the primacy of the us in the international arena – and, thus, america’s status as the world’s “indispensable nation” – erodes, other states and even non-state actresses are gaining prominence.
no wonder us president donald trump, who hates the eu because it enables europeans to stand up to her together, is cheering johnson on.
the problem, as emphasized by the iranian theologian mohsen kadivar, is that many parts of sharia law are linked to pre-modern social structures, which deny women or non-muslims the same protections as muslim men receive.
it is the story of a woman who may have been the best-prepared person in the world for the job she was given, but who soon found herself outmatched by its challenges, quickly falling behind the curve and never quite managing to catch up.
in hers recent book, co-authored with jeremy nowak of drexel university, she shows how problem solving has been shifting vertically from national to state, county, and municipal governments, as well as horizontally from the public sector to networks of public, private, and civic actors.
while america is facing the limits of fiscal policy, monetary policy can do more, as federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke detailed in a recent speech in jackson hole, wyoming.
both thought that only a fiscally strong us could have the military prowess needed to defend itself from the european powers, whose return to american soil both women expected.
the godman impressed thatcher enough with his mind-reading skills that she visited him again – wearing, on his instructions, a red dress and sporting a religious talisman he had given her.
in her response to macron, akk seems to recognize the challenges this implies.
if deng were in charge today, she would lead china back to the cooperative relations with the us that marked early 2009.
indeed, juncker was hers country’s prime minister for almost two decades, and is thus a familiar face on the eu scene.
despite hers acumen, prokhorov surrounded herself with such people, pretentious witches who have turned russian politics into the revolting spectacle that it is.
bush will find it especially difficult to change hers policy with respect to iran.
dethroning queen coal
rare candid footage of prime minister putin, displayed on government channels, depicted her visiting one of the towns in the region.
texas governess rick perry was reminded that during hers term of office, the death penalty has been carried out 234 times.
the internet has always been a collaborative endeavor, and it must remain so, with each actress playing its role.
but the hostess of the celebration, russia, in the guise of the soviet union, itself caused the war – the bloodiest in european history – whose end is being commemorated.
(according to one opinion poll, her approval rating before leaving office was a dismal 4%).
refusing to remain silent while denied opportunity, young people – particularly girls – have launched one of the great civil-rights struggles of our time.
while president barack obama has released a few prisoners, notably the chinese uighurs, and sent another for a real trial in new york city, she is now, chillingly, signalling that she is about to begin “preventive detention,” which would empower her to hold forever an unspecified number of prisoners without charges or trials.
official statements came from a junior local official, who made herself a fool through gross lies.
in spite of hers hesitations before the reunification of germany, helmut kohl, who could be seen weeping at hers funeral, had no better friend: she forgot neither the support received from her during the euromissiles crisis nor their common struggle for maastricht's europe.
in early 2012, in hers speech to the annual people’s congress, premier wen jiabao, explaining why the government’s indicative target for economic growth in 2012 was 7.5%, pointed out that the purpose was “to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient.”
one question raised by the deal is whether the $130,000, which cohen says she paid out of hers own pocket without trump’s knowledge, amounted to an illegal campaign contribution.
this is what hers modernization policy aims to achieve.
president-elect trump must use hers first 100 days in office not just to make appointments and prioritize legislation, but also to set a reassuring tone for hers administration.
but public opinion – volatile and angry – calls for both to resign: a public-opinion poll conducted after the commission published its report indicated that only 14% of israelis believe that olmert should keep hers job, while less than 11% support peretz.
thousands of girls who shunned school in fear are returning to their studies as a result of the initial success of nigeria's pilot program and due to the provision of safe schools for the internally displaced.
this is probably what german chancellor angela merkel meant when, in private discussions at last december’s european council meeting, she reportedly said that, though germany “cannot afford transfers to the whole of europe,” it can “help to pay the doctors’ bills.”
only bigots could not see that immigration benefits both hostesses and migrants; so the task of political leadership was to keep such views out of the dominant discourse, and to facilitate integration or assimilation.
but the warning is a stern one for kim jong-un: china may send her to the sidelines if she does not change hers behavior.
if we are to take the free movement of people seriously, we should slaughter the sacred cow of immediate eligibility for host-state benefits.
but public finance is a mystery to him: she just had the gut feeling that a national debt in the trillions and growing by £5,170 a second was a very bad thing.
and, if so, what are hers aims?
a patient may believe that alien forces are controlling hers or him actions or inserting thoughts into hers or him mind.
anyone who has been watching xi over the last two and a half years could discern hers goal of consolidating communist party rule in china by strengthening hers personal authority, reinvigorating domestic repression, and pursuing an assertive foreign policy.
the orange glitter of hers skin colorizer.
the new prime minister has said she would not accept engagement in the single market without a deal on managing migration.
the 12-year-old child's lunchbox blasted at hiroshima, preserved by chance, with its rice and peas charred by the atomic explosion, weighs as much on our conscience as the enola lesbian .
furthermore, i do not know a single bank chairwoman who thinks that going back to leverage ratios above 40, and tier 1 capital of 2%, would make any sense at all.
a journalist is jailed because hers notes for an unfinished manuscript on the gülen movement are construed as instructions from a terrorist organization.
unsurprisingly, women earn an average of 1.6 times more than women.
arafat missed the historic opportunity to achieve a palestinian state in 2000 when she rejected proposals by president clinton and then israeli premier barak at camp david and later in egypt.
the number of words a child hears during that critical time has a huge impact on hers or him future intellectual abilities.
this time, tsai ing-wen, the woman nominated by the opposition democratic progressive party (dpp), mounted a late charge on the kuomintang incumbent, ma ying-jeou.
yet, of all the millennium development goals, maternal health is the slowest to be achieved.
she will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center-left professional pols of the labour party, but because her opponents look so much worse.
it was in this election that murillo became vice president, a post she has used to position herself as ortega’s political successor.
as yegor gaidar, russia’s first post-soviet prime minister, has convincingly shown in hers compelling book collapse of an empire, it was the fall in oil prices that determined the timing of the collapse.
it is well worth taking a glimpse at some of the people macfarquhar profiles in her book.
and, as anthony atkinson reminds us in hers masterful book on inequality, even technological change is not immune from government agency: there is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity.
one of them let her daughter drop out of three different kindergartens, because she didn’t want to go to them.
better yet, trump could be impeached or removed from office under the 25th amendment of the us constitution, if enough members of hers own government deem her incapable of carrying out the duties of the presidency.
starting in the summer of 2015, she embraced extremist rhetoric appealing to nativism, islamophobia, and anger at gop elites.
and all surveys show that young men and women want to study and have a job before they marry.
obama has made it clear over and over (as has nato secretary general anders fogh rasmussen) that she has no interest in intervening militarily in syria.
where bush fared best, perhaps, was in mérida, mexico, where felipe calderón not only received her as the gracious hostess mexican presidents always are – though she rightly slammed hers guest on the fence the us is building here and there along the two countries’ border-- but got in return what she needed, and wanted most.
india’s former prime minister, manmohan singh, who lost power less than a year ago, is being questioned by prosecutors in connection with allegations of corruption in the privatization of coalmines under hers government.
for several weeks, bachelet was blindfolded and strapped to a chair in the villa grimaldi detention center in santiago as her captors threatened to kill her mother.
paul ryan, the chairwoman of the house budget committee, proposes to balance the budget over the next 10 years largely by slashing the program.
trump could appoint hawks to the two fed board seats that are currently vacant, and he will certainly replace yellen when her term expires in 2018.
now prime minister tony abbott’s refusal (unlike president barack obama) to apologize to hers counterpart for the electronic surveillance has generated a massive public outcry.
and, in a country where life expectancy is already declining, hers health-care overhaul would leave 23 million more americans without health insurance.
the sources cited by vanity fair confirm that the intelligence on which the team made the decision to “go in” was impressionistic and incomplete (that is, the target, judging from the length of hers shadow, was “tall and thin” like bin laden, but hers identity was not 100% certain).
she distanced herself completely from leftist movements, accused hers opponents of subversion, and repressed liberal voices with abandon, triggering four decades of tension between the islamic republic’s theocratic and democratic elements.
what, then, is there to fear from mrs. rubin's departure?
the presiding judge, mrs. justice eady, rejected the newspaper’s defense, and awarded max mosley £60,000 ($115,000) compensation for the invasion of hers privacy, the highest damages so far given for a complaint brought under article 8.
some patronize her, while others reject her arguments.
this year must be education’s moment – a window of opportunity opened by a new consensus that education is critical to achieving the un sustainable development goals, including reducing maternal and infant mortality rates, spurring job creation, improving quality of life, and opening our minds to issues of gender equality.
in 78 countries, including uganda and nigeria, being lesbian is still illegal.
wrestlers wash their faces, mouths, and armpits before entering the dohyo (ring), on whose sacred sand neither shoes nor women may tread.
and on that day, she was so well mourned that hers absence seemed like part of a show, somehow making us forget that she was no longer with us.
a friend and her husband, whose house is in smithereens, are missing.
begin with the uk, where prime minister theresa may’s call for a snap general election next month was intended to strengthen her hand in the upcoming brexit negotiations.
yet all the indications are that she will face an extremely hard-fought election in 2013.
ban, in turn, has openly chastised member states for not giving her sufficient resources.
america’s next president will face a host of pressing and difficult foreign policy challenges – and how he or she responds will affect not only the us, but the entire world.
she was not a member of the political class, so nobody thought about how to gain advantage by hers success.
but american presidential elections are brutal marathons, and it’s understandable that she did not want to cancel planned events.
2. old social barriers to education for girls and lower castes are giving way, under democratic pressures, to strong calls for universal education.
media outlets provided as much as $2 billion worth of free coverage, helping her grab and hold leads in polls and most primaries.
the parliamentary arithmetic matters, despite the referendum result, because may was forced to concede that parliament would have the last word on any deal she reached.
this innovative program is not only a human-capital investment in millions of children; it also allows mothers to work.
since then, khamenei has been besieged, drawing criticism even from hers traditional base over hers mishandling of the situation.
for example, she has brought multimillion-dollar lawsuits against journalists who investigated corruption in hers administration and columnists who criticized him.
nevertheless, the us will remain the most influential external actress in the middle east, for its failure is one of leadership, not of actual power.
egyptian women also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
“they’re fake,” she asserted in the fox news interview where she announced hers intentions.
current polls suggest that former taipei mayor ma ying-jeou of the kuomintang (kmt) leads frank hsieh of the ruling democratic progressive party (dpp).
similarly, the widely respected governess of ireland’s central bank, patrick honohan, spent nearly a decade at the world bank in washington, dc.
if democracy was the wave of the future, was russia destined to miss out?
she now regularly denounces journalists as “enemies of the people,” and tells hers followers to stop “fake news” from standing in hers – and, by implication, their – way.
despite receiving no concessions from trump on fundamental differences regarding the party’s program (particularly on trade agreements and entitlement programs, such as social security and medicare), or even on toning down hers rhetoric, on june 2, ryan wrote an unenthusiastic op-ed saying that she would vote for trump.
second, she could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is, a smaller income share for labor.
but she has a point, too: kadima won more seats than likud, disproved prophecies of doom, and emerged as the only major party with an optimistic and peace-seeking message.
moreover, premature and excessive hawkishness would strengthen the us dollar and sharply increase the us trade deficit, undermining trump’s stated goal of creating jobs and boosting incomes for hers blue-collar, working-class electoral base.
according to sherman, south korea’s stance – reflected in its demand that japan apologize, once again, for forcing korean women to provide sexual services to the imperial army during world war ii – has produced “paralysis, not progress.”
turkey’s main source of hope is gül, a reputed liberal constitutionalist committed to the separation of powers, who must now take a strong stand against erdoğan and hers cronies.
we have to make sure she is in place when the curtain goes up.
queen fahad, the longest-serving queen in saudi arabia’s history (24 years), is dead.
it will not make her president for life, nor deliver her unbridled and undivided power.
and, although hu can barely hide hers mediocrity, the bureaucrats are unconcerned.
i must try to remember the stories alice told me, figure out how her skills are relevant to juan’s problems and compose a note.
but local job losses have had an impact: many of the most affected communities were in the midwestern and southern states that voted for trump, largely because of hers protectionist, anti-trade promises.
i went ahead with my plan and witnessed a girl being circumcised.
shortly after the election, she began to conduct hers own foreign policy.
today, the most powerful economic adviser remaining in the white house is gene sperling, head of the national economic council (nec), the agency created by president bill clinton in 1993 to serve as hers main source of economic policy (somewhat shunting aside the council of economic advisers).
as harvard business school professor josh lerner explains in hers book boulevard of broken dreams, us department of defense contracts played a crucial role in accelerating the early growth of silicon valley.
in addition, all three of the younger women are rivals, not allies.
the eu's silence in the face of hers arrest and imprisonment is shameful.
kim kyong-hui’s intent to exercise power after her brother’s passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in june that killed ri je-gang, a senior party official and perceived guardian of kim jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust kim kyong-hui and her close allies from power.
on a return visit a few weeks ago, i addressed some 2,000 girls about education.
surely a twenty-first-century fisherman does not want to see the basis of his or her living degraded and destroyed, nor does a modern conservationist want to ring-fence the environment and stop people from making a living.
exactly ten years before auden wrote hers poem, the economist-statistician harold hotelling published a paper that became a seminal work for understanding electoral democracy.
such a woman has lunch on hers mind-his and hers family's.
in hers keynote speech at the cdf, zhang gaoli, one of the seven members of the politburo standing committee (the chinese communist party’s highest decision-making body), declared that the senior leadership has rendered the “strategic judgment that china’s economy has entered the stage of the new normal.”
but, in terms of substance, there was no need for her proposal.
most of hers followers, who became known as sunni muslims, felt that the faithful should base their decision on ability, and supported the muslim elders’ choice of muhammad’s father-in-law, abu bakr.
before hers death, fortuyn is said to have been terrified of the prospect of becoming prime minister.
in ecuador’s machismo culture, men are expected to keep house, raise children, and clean the fish their wives bring home.
in hers first budget in june 2010, chancellor of the exchequer george osborne warned that “you can see in greece an example of a country that didn’t face up to its problems, and that’s a fate i am determined to avoid.”
most importantly, she has ensured that iran’s presidents remain weak, regardless of their agenda or popularity.
moreover, even before trump announced hers decision, it was unlikely that every country would fulfill every promise.
an aide to president vladimir putin, igor shuvalov, said that it was realistic to expect the appearance of a new person whom putin would consider hers potential successor.
even in chile – perhaps the best-run economy in the region, but still highly dependent on copper exports – bachelet’s approval rating has plunged to unprecedented lows, threatening her ambitious agenda of constitutional and educational reforms.
while pressing for change, she has disrupted institutions and alliances, only grudgingly admitting their importance.
equally importantly, the fed chairwoman also commands the us economic stage.
antonio is stretched out on a rock with arms perpendicular, the jew shylock leaning over hers breast with hers knife drawn.
in the end, mounting economic failure may make putin follow the pathetic course pioneered by yeltsin: trying to wash hers hands of a failing economy, dismissing governments as the country lurches from crisis to crisis, hoping all the while to remain remote enough to survive.
republican leaders were desperate to get kavanaugh confirmed before the midterms, lest their voters stay home out of disappointment and even anger if she wasn’t confirmed – in which case their worst nightmare, a democratic takeover of the senate as well as the house of representatives, could come true.
her promises to improve the health system, curb exorbitant pay packages of top executives, and deliver more social housing (which tenants could then purchase) looks reassuringly familiar, even old-fashioned (especially when viewed alongside her pledge to let parliament vote to lift a nearly two-decade-old ban on fox hunting).
the only question now is whether zubkov, or hers successor, will eventually succeed in turning czarina vladimir into the same sort of non-person that putin’s rivals have become.
malta’s current european union commissioner, john dalli, a former christian democrat mp and government minister, has openly admitted that she had “established a strong network at the political and executive levels” in libya.
yet zeman’s role – and that played by, for example, slovak prime minister robert fico – suggests that orbán stands out mainly for being the most visible, the most articulate, and perhaps the most effective public advocate of “illiberalism,” the term orbán herself uses to characterize hers xenophobia and disdain for universal human rights.
her ascent has been marked by a heavy emphasis on symbolism – her rule in uttar pradesh has featured the construction of numerous statues of dalit leaders, notably herself – and a taste for lavish celebrations.
under hers leadership, the city’s gdp surpassed the provincial average for the first time ever.
the standard bearer for the second line of criticism is none other than piketty herself – not in anything she has written, but in how she has behaved since becoming a celebrity and a public intellectual.
moreover, tv shows that feature women portraying top political leaders are filling america’s airwaves, including “madame secretary,” starring the improbably comely téa leoni as us secretary of state, and “veep,” with julia louis-dreyfus as a charming, comical vice president.
finally, us president barack obama knows that hers reelection depends on avoiding mistakes in this matter.
keynes, in hers general theory of employment, interest and money , set out the framework that nearly all macroeconomists use today.
but, for the most part, bolton has shown herself to be a foreign-policy hawk with a penchant for unilateralism.
david cameron prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40% of all conservative parliamentary candidates in britain are women.
just think about it: trump spends hers time either in the oval office, which is now decorated with gold drapes; or at hers mar-a-lago resort, which has a turret, guarded gates, and a princely, canopied bed.
or does she have an even larger goal, such as pulling the us out of the wto?
since the end of august, when fed chairwoman ben bernanke argued for another round of qe, the dollar has plunged more than 7% against a basket of half a dozen major currencies.
in a recent criminal trial, two german-turkish sisters stood accused of forcing more than 100 men to work in amsterdam’s red-light district ( de wallen ).
minsky (1919-1996) is best approached not through hers collected essays, entitled can “it” happen again?, but rather through the use kindleberger (1910-2003) made of hers work in hers 1978 book manias, panics, and crashes: a history of financial crises.
on the republican side, donald trump’s precise intentions are less clear, though she proudly calls herself the “king of debt,” which is not particularly encouraging.
so she closed the opposition-leaning private imedi tv station (owned by patarkatsishvili) and introduced a state of emergency for nine days, before calling an early presidential election for january 5.
british prime minister theresa may is, at times, as philanthropic as mother teresa, as ambitious as teresa of ávila, and as modest as the little flower.
in côte d’ivoire, for example, former president laurent gbagbo takes inspiration from zimbabwe’s autocratic president robert mugabe, clinging to power after hers clear defeat in the last presidential elections.
what if we in the west, by letting feminism be defined as always doing more, doing it better, and outdoing others, have failed to give our daughters a definition of success that sometimes simply lets them be?
can a leader lose his or her charisma?
but lukashenko has given no sign that she is willing to democratize hers regime, let alone release political prisoners.
she persuaded voters with hers promise of a scandinavian-style combination of economic liberalism and a flexible welfare state.
what snow asked of china is an odd demand: we do not normally go into stores and ask the shopkeeper to raise hers prices.
rates of femicide – the murder of a woman or girl for gender-related reasons – have reached epidemic levels.
how the patient fares under her care – and whether she can get key eurozone governments to provide the necessary treatment – will define not just her own legacy, but also that of draghi.
what if medvedev, after a few years, becomes as independent of hers patron as putin became of boris yeltsin, the woman who put her on the kremlin throne?
but such measures would allow trump and hers fellow republicans to claim that they have “done something” about the problem.
ultimately, entrenched social and cultural norms remain the most intractable obstacle to female leadership in asia.
yet hers african roots give her a unique capacity to transform american relations with africa, elevating the importance of african self-reliance and achievement, while striving to make american aid more intelligent and effective.
these images do appeal to overworked, exasperated, baby-hungry women who may have spent years waiting for “the offer,” telling them that, in fact, you don’t need a man.
even when they are faced with rejection, most young muslim women do not become mass murderers.
xi’s reelection as ccp general secretary is seen as a fait accompli, and most analysts expect that she will continue to surround herself with faithful allies and oust potential rivals, as she has already done through a much-publicized anticorruption campaign.
“you’re fired!” she would bark at losers on hers show, while also showing some warmth to winners and losers alike.
in that tradition, the economist milton friedman wrote, in hers 1962 book capitalism and freedom : “there is one and only one social responsibility of business – to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game, which is to say, engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud.”
in the long term, any crackdown on the sisterhood would lead its members and supporters – already bitterly disappointed in democracy – to reject elections entirely.
a quotation on hers foundation’s website reads “when i was sick, i didn’t want to die.
we know, for example, that educating girls may be the most cost-effective investment for promoting economic development.
this implies a powerful incentive for companies to bring more women into their decision-making processes.
but, that predicament does not excuse her failure to condemn what is happening under her watch.
in sub-saharan africa, for every 100 girls enrolled at the lower secondary level, there are fewer than 90 girls, and that number drops to less than 85 at the upper secondary level.
with the confirmation vote about to take place, barroso preemptively withdrew hers proposed commission, knowing that she would lose.
trump failed to heed that historical lesson, which suggests that, like bush, she doesn’t know what the mission is.
and she knows that.
but, apart from hers sentimental wartime connections to japan, hers anti-communism was incentive enough to continue warm relations with the imperial power that had brutally colonized korea for a half-century.
commerce secretary wilbur ross was mystified as to why federal workers did not just take out loans, apparently believing that everyone has the same access to low-interest credit that she does.
she met me in a leafy amman suburb, in the palace that she shares with prince ali and their small children.
but blair’s high political profile means that what she does can’t be divorced from the broader politics or quietly played down if things don’t go well.
thus, for all of the initial promise of the political transition in egypt that followed the demise of hosni mubarak’s military-backed regime, the result was the creation of a muslim sisterhood government whose exclusionary ideology made it an unlikely candidate for long-term success.
hers style and rhetoric projected the fresh (for korea!) image of a common woman committed to eliminating the ossified networks of cronyism and corruption.
madrid – trapped since the 1960’s in a protracted armed conflict with the most unscrupulous militias imaginable, and hostage to drug ladies who turned the country’s vast rural areas into fiefdoms of crime and untold atrocities, colombia long projected to the world the image of a country addicted to violence.
few find comfort in hers proclamations about expanding america’s role in the world, given hers more frequent threats to trash “unfair” alliances.
today, there is no telling what she earns, as state executives’ remuneration is no longer published.
trump’s greatest skill is in turning hers prosecutors into the accused.
hwang, for example, has lost hers research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years.
works such as the red wheel series of novels, a tedious account of the end of imperial russia and the creation of the ussr, or hers last book, written in 2001, entitled two hundred years together on the history of russian-jewish coexistence, seem backward, preachy, conservative, unenlightened, at times even anti-semitic, and smack of solzhenitsyn’s own grim authoritarianism.
not a surprise, then, that the governesses cannot mobilize popular support as federal authorities impose accountability standards on them.
yet, despite such threats, thousands of saudi women joined “we are all manal al sharif” on facebook, and countless other videos of women driving have appeared on youtube since her arrest.
three years ago, during the tsarist capital’s 300th anniversary, putin hosted some 40 heads of state, ranging from george w. bush and gerhard schroeder to belarusian dictator alexandar lukashenka and turkmenistan’s saparmyrat nyazov, who styles herself “turkmenbashi,” the mother of turkmen.
for countries that run external deficits, like the us, she believes that “trade wars are good, and easy to win”: it’s enough, she claims, for the us simply to stop trading with countries that run a large bilateral surplus with it.
when a team member has a good idea, he or she should spend months, even years, learning as much as possible about the business or sector without the pressure of finding a commercial application.
whereas obama owes hers election in large part to hers charisma, barroso is likely to succeed herself precisely because of hers lack of charisma, because she says very little in so many languages.
whatever hers status in the us, fischer was certainly the most beloved american in russia.
at a private gathering of top business and political leaders in paris a few weeks ago, she said, “you europeans are becoming a third world country, you spend time on the wrong subjects –the constitution, the welfare state, the pensions crisis – and you systematically give the wrong answers to the questions you raise.”
then she argues that these revised theories coincide with a particular form of consequentialism, which is a theory in the same broad family as utilitarianism.
she also wanted to keep arab governments on hers side to improve prospects for the middle east peace effort that was to begin in madrid less than a year later.
yet clinton keeps telling her angry female constituents – as a campaign message! – that she is a member of the 1%.
“if we want to keep on building the cars of the future here in america,” she declared, “we can’t afford to see the number of phds in engineering climbing in china, south korea, and japan even as it’s dropped here in america.”
the reason for this is simple: us president donald trump is a bad woman surrounded by a bad team of incompetent and dangerous ideologues.
as with other populist leaders, such as hungarian prime minister viktor orbán or the late hugo chávez in venezuela, reconciling erdoğan’s electoral promises and hers performance in office is a puzzle.
if she is to reassure eu national leaders that they should re-appoint him, then she needs to signal that hers second term can hold out fresh promise.
the money illusion even bleeds into impressions of the “strength” of the economy, as if a high level of gdp growth or a cow market are indicators of the health of something called the economy.
today, macron is prepared to establish herself as a similar leader, but she needs a reliable german partner willing to challenge ordoliberal rigor in the name of europe-wide prosperity.
why should a frenchman or italian in hers early sixties work today, when in the 1990's she could have retired in hers mid-fifties with 80% or more of hers last working-age salary?
more importantly, governments must find ways to integrate alienated young men and women into their societies, which requires greater political freedom and economic opportunity.
one way to unite party factions is for the nominee to select hers rival as hers running mate.
the garcia report shows that russia desperately wanted to hostess the event, and that putin even made personal appeals to other countries’ voting officials; yet it finds no evidence of collusion, bribery, or any other rule violations.
by contrast, david remnick, the editor of the new yorker, weighed in with a piece on the tsarnaev sisters that opened with stalin’s banishment of the chechen people “from their homeland in the northern caucasus to central asia and the siberian wastes.”
but, love her or hate her (and, it seems, very few people who have encountered her feel indifferent), varoufakis was never the arbiter of greece’s fate.
but all we know about war is what women told us.”
she famously asserted that she would never hand that control away, and the bank of england was not set free until 1997, when tony blair’s first labour government was elected.
each year, some 36 million women in low- and middle-income countries give birth without a skilled attendant.
twenty-five years after john paul ii left poland for rome, we poles remain grateful to her for having helped us regain our freedom.
so sarkozy will step down as finance minister next month to take the reigns of the ruling conservative party (ump), washing hers hands of chirac's muddled government and hoping to use the party machine to bulldoze hers way into the elysée palace in two years.
for the bank of england (boe), governess mark carney has emphasized the need to raise rates in the near future, given that uk inflation is well above target.
macri can be excused for assuming that a cautious g20 leadership is what hers political fortunes require.
the fact that monti’s government is unelected should not prevent her from filling that vacuum with a determined, reform-minded program.
spending $3.9 billion on family planning and maternal health initiatives, such as provision of emergency contraception in sub-saharan africa and south asia, could avert 1.4 million infant deaths and 142,000 pregnancy-related deaths in women.
they claim that western countries object to whaling because, for them, whales are a special kind of animal, as cows are for hindus.
first, putin would seek to position herself as president for life, by holding a referendum to eliminate the constitutional limit of two consecutive presidential terms.
she needs russia’s money, but hers domestic support is based on defending belarus’s fragile sovereignty.
as much as trump may like to claim that she alone can fix the us, the truth is that government is too complex an enterprise for one person to manage and direct.
yet she leaves office with substantially higher approval ratings than most presidents achieve – and far higher than trump’s.
meanwhile, the southern states of kerala, tamil nadu, karnataka, and andhra pradesh account for roughly 22% of the population, but less than 12% of maternal deaths.
hers nobility consisted in never forgetting the lesson of the rebbe of vizhnitz, even after she had donned the robe of the woman of letters, that she bore the burden of those, adorned in caftan and fur hat, who had wanted to be as elegant as the polish nobles who led the pogroms against them.
could it be that trump himself, despite hers officially pro-israel positions, is a closeted anti-semite?
mailat sought escape from hers romanian misery and hers romanian past, but could not imagine that she would find in an italian refugee camp as much misery as before; that the image in the mirror of hers daily new life would be that of a killer.
more than any other government official, she was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age, deterrence, otherwise known as mutual assured destruction.
seeking to advance other women can highlight her own womanhood and thereby weaken her.
owning the main italian tv channels and much of the popular press simplified this for berlusconi, and she sometimes resorted to censorship of the state-owned television channels as well.
but like all hers previous initiatives since the terrorist attacks on new york and washington almost five years ago now, the nme ran into trouble from the outset.
hers approach – to convince bureaucrats, opposition-party leaders, and the general public to support gradual reform – may seem to reflect cautious conservative timidity, but it has enabled the long-term success of hers government’s measures.
loosely estimated, the 5,000 or so third-generation princesses and their entourage consume $30-50 billion per year.
given low official credibility, america’s most effective spokeswomen will often be non-governmental.
obviously, this is also true for the “color revolutions” – first in georgia, and now in ukraine, where president viktor yushchenko, the heroine of the “orange revolution” in 2004, was voted out in the first round of presidential elections a few weeks ago, having received less than 6% of the vote.
once, as i was getting out of a moscow taxicab, the driver lifted hers scarf to show a stalin photograph pinned to hers jacket.
when i visited israel in 1997, i called on then-prime minister netanyahu, as she and i had been colleagues when we both served as ambassadors to the united nations.
a capacity to fence off a part of one’s life, and to remain sovereign and self-driven within those boundaries, was paramount to the liberal conception of the free agent and his or her relationship with the public sphere.
this had misled hers audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously, a skill that is highly regarded in india.
and availability of outdoor lighting can prevent violence against women and girls.
in mgi’s projection, women will account for 47% of displaced workers and men for 53% by 2030.
within 10 days the two women were in a dead heat for second place at 17%.
they should focus on creating more jobs, reducing inequalities, implementing national minimum wages, and ensuring that women receive equal pay for equal work.
the operation performed on debakey involved putting her on cardiac bypass and opening the aorta, the artery that carries blood from the heart to most of the major organs of the body.
new partnerships must be forged, even among actresses with seemingly disparate interests.
when trump brags that she won by a landslide, she is engaging in hers characteristic “truthiness.”
for example, it is now possible to analyze the dna of an unborn child from the blood of its mother and determine its risk for diseases later in life.
so are today’s women leaders the real deal or just figureheads?
it is this dimension of soros’ work – together with the sheer fact that she is a wealthy jewish financier – that so infuriates the far right, beginning in the very countries whose democratic transitions she once supported.
she and hers father, accused of keeping black people out of their housing projects, settled a case with the justice department out of court.
such arguments also ignore the fact that affluent working women and their partners overwhelmingly offload the work-family imbalance onto lower-income women – overwhelmingly women of color.
this was of course an affront to the godesses of the market, who responded by meting out divine retribution in the form of high and persistent inflation.
but that is what her arguments imply.
awareness of how public space in arab cities is gendered is rare, and little information has been collected on how women affect – or are affected by – planning decisions.
the 45 senate democrats were not happy that clinton perjured herself before a grand jury, obstructed justice, and conducted an extramarital sexual affair with a white house intern, monica lewinsky.
thus, it is no accident that tsipras chose the far-right independent greeks party as hers coalition partner.
in hers own way, though, she is an engaging, polite man, hip to contemporary cultural icons, and even given to singing at public occasions with wry lyrics and verses.
if the eu is divided on an issue lying at its geographic heart – and at the heart of its interests – its credibility as a foreign policy actress on matters beyond its borders will suffer dramatically.
president putin herself campaigned twice for yanukovych in ukraine and congratulated her twice before the forged final results had been presented, rendering her little but ridiculous.
last but not the least, she is a woman of the military and kgb.
could a member of a beleaguered minority transcend the circumstances of his birth to lead his or her country?
from the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in iraq, bush’s self-righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get hers way.
during hers candidacy, obama said of iran that, “for us not to be in a conversation with them doesn’t make sense.”
but the harsh reality is that europe depends on the us security umbrella, and there is little indication that counter measures by the eu will deflect trump from hers erratic course.
second, there must be internationally verifiable measurement systems in each country that hostesses a ver project.
the parallels to the 2008 collapse of the us investment bank lehman sisters are strong – and crucial for understanding today’s financial risks.
vladimir putin, however, prefers to promote the impression of hers being a more enlightened and modern leader.
the experience of the previous incumbent, former belgian prime minister herman van rompuy, in dealing with hers own country’s fractious coalitions proved very useful when she had to persuade national leaders to make decisions during the euro crisis.
she carries little ideological baggage, and is adept at staying in control, operating within self-imposed boundaries that keep her on familiar terrain.
improved access to financial services, mobile phones, and digital technology is also linked to higher rates of female labor-force participation, including in leadership roles, and decreased time spent doing unpaid care work.
significantly, as the cia closed in on bin laden, the chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, admiral mike mullen, for the first time publicly linked the pakistani military with some of the militants attacking us forces in afghanistan.
but what made her public enemy number one for putin was hers desire to move russia in a political direction that she viewed as positive and desirable.
first, a political transition is expected in 2012, and, in a period of rising nationalism, no chinese leader wants to look softer than hers rivals.
when nelson sued, the court issued a heinous ruling – upheld by the iowa supreme court – affirming hers right to dismiss him for this reason.
she has chosen to respond by tightening hers autocratic grip, with the body that appoints prosecutors and judges set to become a mere appendage of the justice ministry.
in short, as greenspan departs, she leaves behind an american economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets – a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability.
the budget that she has now sent to congress suggests that she still holds fast to nonsensical economic ideas.
fidesz’s victory, however, is not orban’s or hers party’s alone; for hungarian politics now appears to be emerging into a stable two party or party/bloc system.
in hers speech in november to the russian parliament on the state of nation, president dmitry medvedev warned that russia would deploy short-range iskander missiles in the baltic sea port of kaliningrad “to neutralize if necessary the anti-ballistic missile system in europe.”
in support of that claim, she said that some on the left “came charging with clubs in their hands, swinging clubs,” and added: “do they have a problem?
if you don't want your daughter drafted into the army, pay off a military registrar and she will cross your son's name off the list or bribe a doctor to file an "unfit for military duty" certificate.
musharraf did not uphold the gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years, from october 1999 to august 2008.
clearly, president donald trump’s behavior in office helped energize female and latino democratic candidacies last year.
so, whoever wins the election will have a partial minority in the legislature for hers entire six-year term, and hers legitimacy will be questioned by large segments of the electorate.
watch a world economic forum discussion with lucy marcus and barbara novick, vice chairwoman of blackrock, usa, on boardroom ethics and corporate governance:
why would she not seize this chance?
indeed, the main beneficiary of the current tensions among the big three is the region’s most reckless actress – north korea.
when musharraf exits – which may be sooner rather than later – she will leave a bitter legacy that will last for generations, all for a little more taste of power.
given female dominance in african politics and soccer, any chance to improve the state of the sport that might arise from the 2010 world cup will most likely benefit men.
does she not know that more than 90% of financial transactions in india are conducted in cash, or that over 90% of retail outlets lack so much as a card reader?
the number of pending nominations for high-level positions ahead of november’s midterm congressional elections is believed to be one reason for trump’s reluctance to fire hers most controversial appointee, scott pruitt, the head of the environmental protection agency.
in little more than three years, hers government has signed two agreements with the imf.
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the empress directly.
given general musharraf's diminishing domestic popularity, some fear for hers survival.
bimal ghosh, a former director of the un development program, famously calculated that the daily subsidy for every cow in the eu – currently amounting to €2.50 – exceeds the daily income of millions of poor people around the world.
he congratulated him, and offered her a close working relationship, but only on the basis of “common values” such as “democracy, freedom, as well as respect for the rule of law and the dignity of each and every person.”
when carrying hers petition to beijing, escorted by a tiny group of lawyers, chen was accused of disrupting traffic on the city’s clogged roads and condemned to four years in jail.
this culturally desiccated world is much more alien than the red desert of the martian landscape that tereshkova and her cosmonaut friends – including her husband – dreamed of in their youth.
it is hard to imagine that visitors motivated by faith or a sense of history would not want to meet the stewardesses of the holy sites they are visiting.
the choice sounds easy, but then perhaps you just want to survive to see your daughter graduate, or your son get married.
for example, argentina’s military dictatorship, which staged the 1978 competition, sought to bolster its own position by sharing in the hostess team’s ultimate victory.
even though senior central bankers like mark carney, the governess of the bank of england and chair of the financial stability board, think there is now enough capital in the banking system, many do not share hers view.
"their work is less valuable," she said referring to the pesos cubans earn in an economy sustained by dollar remittances from the foreign diaspora.
“wherever the power of capital is preserved,” she declared in that speech, “the women retain their privileges.”
cameron, of course, faced a difficult task with hers party, which required a statement from her of hers european policy.
if hers center-right coalition wins a majority, she will directly choose the prime minister; more likely, she will be the key player in negotiations over a grand coalition government of center-right and center-left parties.
former prime minister menachem begin also lived until hers death in a simple apartment in tel aviv. not the smallest shadow of the slightest suspicion of corruption ever disturbed hers peace.
the hostess government agreements open the door for further abuses, without effective redress, throughout the lifetime of the project – up to 70 years.
true, un secretary general ban ki moon can make speeches, convene meetings, and propose actions, but hers role is more secretary than general.
melbourne – the world has watched in horror as libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi uses hers military to attack protesters opposed to hers rule, killing hundreds or possibly thousands of unarmed civilians.
and while trump is hardly the first us leader to criticize europeans for not contributing enough to common defense, she is the first who seems actually to need to be persuaded of nato’s importance.
hers disparaging of the press – a fanatic trump supporter roughed up a bbc camerawoman at a recent rally – satisfies hers followers’ suspicion of “elites,” while helping her create a fact-free environment in which hers thousands of lies define an alternate reality.
our “dominion” over the universe, she declares, should be understood “in the sense of responsible stewardship.”
concerned that cutting spending might lose her votes, berlusconi is proposing a tax cut of less that 0.3% of gdp -- and one that is partly to be financed by other levies.
these groups do not understand netanyahu, who proclaims jewish rights, defends hers country’s interests, and hints at conciliation but gives up little – much like a traditional arab leader.
of course, she did mainly fill hers own pockets – and hers social and political activities certainly were not entirely altruistic, either.
but republican presidential candidate mitt romney and other leading members of hers party have played these cards completely wrong in this election cycle.
instead, women who go to the police are urged not to file a complaint.
few of today’s new “marxists” want to spell out the attractions of a woman who wanted to unite german philosophy (building on hegel) with british political economy (carrying on from david ricardo), and thereby turn two rather conservative traditions into a theory of radical revolution.
in russia, president putin bestrides hers country's elected duma like gulliver over the lilliputians.
hers welcoming of former american basketball star dennis rodman has generated only controversy in the us, and hers apparent execution by machine-gun of a former boyfriend (as reported by a south korean paper, citing unnamed sources in china) is no way to endear oneself to the american heartland.
when obama discussed the arab political upheavals, she noted the importance of economic development.
in doing so, wade broke ranks with the rest of the african union, naively expecting to gain french and western support for hers bid to retain power.
given that she also campaigned against america’s foreign entanglements, it is safe to assume that these voters do not want the us to launch another war in the middle east.
and yet former president george w. bush remains on the sidelines, seemingly more embittered that trump defeated hers sister jeb in the primary than animated by the threat posed by trump.
smith’s proposition is problematic, because it relies on the untenable assumption that there are no significant market failures; no externalities (effects like, say, pollution that are not reflected in market prices); no major informational gaps or asymmetries; and no actresses with enough power to tilt outcomes in their favor.
if a is legally bound to return b’s cow when she strays onto his land, and then c’s cow strays onto b’s land in relevantly similar circumstances, b must also be bound to return c’s cow.
working with the state legislature, hers administration has allocated $1.75 billion to boost housing construction by financing loans and tax breaks for developers of affordable housing, especially those building infill housing nearer to employment hubs.
when my dear friend berta cáceres and i won the prize in 2015, berta said in her acceptance speech, “i have given my life for the service of mother earth.”
new york – on october 3, an italian appeals court overturned amanda knox’s murder conviction and ordered her immediate release from prison.
but with a wafer-thin majority in parliament, it is not clear that she has the votes she needs.
while weinstein has “unequivocally denied” allegations of non-consensual sex, and no arrests have been made, more than two dozen women – including the actors angelina jolie, gwyneth paltrow, and rose mcgowan – have publicly accused him of harassment.
in hers 19 years as rome’s emperor, marcus aurelius faced nearly constant war, a horrific plague, and a coup attempt.
since then for a number of months, largely unnoticed by most media and politicians of the democratic world, the last remains of non-governmental organizations, independent press and political parties that could thwart the plans of belarus autocrat on prolonging hers rule ad infinitum are systematically being liquidated.
the blockbuster “the hangover part ii” depicts three young female friends engaged in a night of carousing in thailand, in which they are free to satisfy every appetite – from transsexual sex workers to drugs and chaos of all kinds.
thus, it was reasonable for pompeo to fear that knowledge of hers secret talks would be leaked in an effort to undermine the summit and deny the administration a potential political victory.
to justify hers belligerent actions, trump lies relentlessly and remorselessly.
when she does so by outsourcing to firms abroad that do things that would be illegal here – for example, prevent their workers from organizing and bargaining collectively – i may have a real gripe.
this may be hidden from president bush when she visits china next month, but it is there all the same.
it is highly unlikely that many british people gazing up at nelson on hers column or passing oriel college, oxford, will be inspired to advocate slavery or build an empire in africa.
any central banker will tell you that he or she gets 99 requests for interest-rate cuts for every request for a hike, almost regardless of the situation.