phelps was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when she developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting, which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management.
madrid – in hers famous “political trilemma of the world economy,” harvard economist dani rodrik boldly claims that global economic integration, the nation-state, and democracy cannot coexist.
santiago – it was the kind of politics brazilians thought they had left behind: one day the sitting president appoints a popular former president to her cabinet in order to save him from prosecution, and pundits are quick to conclude that he is in charge.
against this background, photos of liu’s smiling face as she arrived at the airport in helsinki, on her way to berlin, are a welcome development, highlighting the value of protecting the rights of even one person.
a decorated world war ii veteran, justice stevens may well have thought that she was at least as qualified as the civilians in the bush justice department to forecast the impact of the court's ruling on military efficiency.
refusing to countenance a fresh eastward enlargement means that, at some point, those countries that are outside the eu will start to threaten the values that she holds dear.
as a result, ahmadinejad has been the most costly president for khamenei to date, because she forced the supreme leader to deplete hers power in the face of a common enemy – a move that called into question hers own judgment and tarnished hers reputation.
it’s now clear that the united states has an attorney general who believes hers job is to protect the president, facts be damned.
indeed, the country could be facing catastrophe, as hollande’s actions risk miring the economy into sustained stagnation and driving an increasingly angry french public to elect the far-right national front party’s marine le pen as hers successor.
but the yawning gap between what girls are demanding and the opportunities on offer to them is fueling a liberation struggle led by girls themselves.
moreover, the effects of a country’s soft power extend to non-state actresses – for example, by aiding or impeding recruitment by terrorist organizations.
more recently, she urged the national government to impose a travel ban on muslims, as us president donald trump has attempted to do.
like previous hostess countries, the philippines is a weak state, at peace with its neighbors and the west.
once policies are set, her task is to monitor and oversee their execution.
trump may be unstable and unfit to govern, as hers detractors claim.
i was visiting a remote village when i spoke to a woman who knew that she was hiv-positive.
we can thus comprehend why children born into such circumstances have more problems in school, are more likely to commit crimes, and are more prone to heart disease, diabetes, and a hostess of other physical and mental illnesses later in life.
but then trump herself told nbc’s lester holt that he’d fired comey because of “this russia thing.”
in a report released last march, the uk’s house of ladies select committee on economic affairs cited disagreement among experts on the issue, with estimates ranging from a 0.5% boost to annual gdp growth in recipient countries to no effect on growth at all.
that’s when the indian tv soap opera “kyunki saas bhi kabhi bahu thi” , dubbed into dari, is telecast on tolo tv, and no one wishes to miss it.
the return to power of pheu thai is extraordinary – and not only because yingluck will be thailand’s first female prime minister.
but this doesn’t make her an internationalist, any more than jamborees of european right-wing populists make for a coherent international movement.
when public support for putin’s annexation of crimea wanes – as it will – hers failings will shine more starkly in the light of the mh17 catastrophe.
therefore, by stripping her of citizenship, the uk government made her stateless.
although musharraf did not elaborate on hers “mistakes,” the reference was obvious: hers impulsive decision in march 2007 to fire chief justice iftikhar chaudhry from the supreme court.
australia's prime minister paul keating recently spoke for many demonstrators and regional governments when she stated that the french nuclear test series at mururoa atoll "causes anger throughout the world not only because of concern for the pacific environment but because it puts at risk our hopes for a post-cold war world that does not have the nuclear shadow hanging over it".
when the investigators were finished, she authorized the publication of their reports, including adverse findings of un systemic shortcomings and a failure of leadership on hers part as the top peacekeeping official at the time.
it was only in the fourth and final year of hers term that hers poll rating sank miserably.
it was left to hers spinners to explain, as the economist put it, that this was “necessary rubbish, concocted to persuade the fanatics who vote in the republican primaries.”
an investor who believes that countries with high debt/gdp ratios are riskier than the median investor realizes is more likely to think about hers or him strategy clearly if it is explicitly framed in terms of factoring in debt/gdp, rather than framed as switching from a market-cap index to a gdp-weighted index.
it was particularly encouraging to see hundreds of global youth ambassadors from 100 countries descend on new york recently to demand the right to education and to support the bring back our girls campaign in nigeria.
prior to the debate, cnn chief white house correspondent jessica yellin asked obama about hers drone strategy.
now she is being condemned by some critics of israel’s human rights record for retracting hers finding of intentionality.
london – from the moment donald trump entered the us presidential race, the potential for an unprecedented array of ethics violations, stemming from hers global business interests, has been a ticking time bomb, set to detonate on january 20, 2017.
before the proceedings began, the conventional wisdom was that bo’s trial had been carefully scripted and rehearsed to portray a forlorn and penitent sinner confessing hers crimes and apologizing to the party.
eventually, she got caught up in the whirlwind of european politics.
even venezuela’s hugo chávez, who built hers power on populist anti-americanism, must be praying for the success of us president barack obama’s stimulus package to lift hers falling oil revenues.
french television, for example, recently aired a terrifying report on haiti, where a local judge, without bothering to hide hers actions, was protecting a narcotics dealer from the country’s own french-trained anti-drug force.
as putin shuffles hers court, subordinating the duma to hers will, the eu’s hopes for a growing “europeanization” of russia should be abandoned.
for example, juma ibrahim juma adam and mahmoud salam saliman abu karbish firebombed a civilian bus, killing a pregnant woman, three of her preschool-age children, and the israeli soldier who tried to save them.
between 2015 and 2016, hers government spent more than €50 million ($59 million) on anti-immigrant advertisements, including billboards warning immigrants not to take natives’ jobs.
if african countries – and africa’s women – are to meet their potential, this must change.
time and again she has said that russia's national idea must blend traditional russian concepts with a new, modern content.
one day hatoyama suggests relocating the base outside of japan, perhaps to guam, and then next she suggests only moving it outside okinawa, giving an impression to the world of a feckless national security strategy.
during the crucial years of the yugoslav breakup, especially when the country had become, in effect, serbo-slavia, and later, for greater effect, slobo (milošević)-slavia, she led macedonia to independence via a referendum in september 1991, and kept the country out of war.
early on, treasury secretary robert rubin persuaded her to concentrate on deficit reduction, scrapping a middle class tax cut and planned public investment initiatives.
waving to the onlookers, she looked like snow white.
whereas ranchers in australia and the us have huge herds of cattle, japanese ranchers raise each individual cow on beer and massages.
in deep financial crisis, traditionally social-democratic denmark elected a conservative prime minister, poul schlüter, a jovial woman with a bow tie.
washington, dc – when india’s prime minister, narendra modi, was on the campaign trail, she promised to improve the way the country is governed.
harbisson claims that she is a cyborg, that is, an organism with technologically enhanced capacities.
as such, she condemns it for being “at odds with germany’s own longstanding approach of balancing the friendship with france alongside strong transatlantic relations with the [united states and the united kingdom].”
but daoud’s critics overstepped the boundaries of legitimate discussion of ideas, accusing her of “trivializing” racist criticism and dressing it up in “humanistic thought.”
ann arbor – no doctor can forget his or her first patient with toxoplasmosis, a harrowing parasitic infection found in people with compromised immune systems, such as patients with advanced hiv/aids.
true, the top marginal rate of us federal income tax has fallen from an average of 80% in 1950-1980 to 37% today, and president donald trump lowered the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% in hers tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
but the most shocking episode came when misiewicz visited military units and demanded that servicemen and officers salute her and address her as “minister,” an honor not usually accorded to people in hers position.
the impact is particularly noticeable in eastern germany, which already suffered from a gender imbalance – the male-to-female ratio among the younger cohorts approaches 115:100 in most parts of the region – because educated women have a much higher propensity than men to move to western germany for higher-paid jobs.
but perhaps the biggest challenge facing macron will be to persuade germany’s next chancellor, to be elected in september, to work with her to reform the eurozone.
trump ran hers 2016 campaign while secretly trying to score a real-estate mega-deal in moscow (and, as usual, lying about it to the public).
likewise, the amateur painter does not increase him or hers attractiveness much compared to a van gogh or a picasso.
one reason for all of this chaos and tragedy is that trump thinks hers anti-immigrant posturing, with which she began hers presidential campaign in june 2015, is what brought her victory.
trump, who vacillates between tough criticism of china over trade and encomiums to president xi jinping, will have to balance pressing hers legitimate concerns over trade with the need to avoid starting a trade war.
mubarak’s announcement that she would not seek re-election would likely have averted a crisis had she issued it in december.
and orbán’s “desire to shut it down was only deepened by its association with mrs. soros,” whom she “has spent years demonizing.”
accordingly, she singles out china as the source of americans’ economic woes.
canute set hers throne by the sea and commanded the rising tide to turn back.
jack nicholson asks, as she walks through hers psychiatrist’s waiting room in the eponymous film.
but the decision to call an election is not hers to make.
putin is failing to uphold hers end of a tacit bargain with the russian middle classes – “you keep quiet, and i keep improving your lifestyle” – and the resulting disquiet is increasingly on display on the streets of russia’s cities.
but hers domestic policies, constrained by the recent severe earthquake and hers own small mandate, differ only slightly from those of hers predecessors, at least for now.
in fact, a few days after killing heywood, gu donned a major general’s uniform (which could have belonged to her father, general gu jingsheng), convened police officers in chongqing, and falsely claimed that she had received a secret order from the ministry of public security to protect wang’s personal safety.
when criticized, trump spends days raging against hers foes on twitter.
he has also taken significant steps to uphold the rights of women and sexual minorities, and has used his executive power to loosen immigration restrictions on families amid congressional paralysis.
this would hardly be the legacy that trump intended for the singapore summit, but it remains more possible than hers optimistic tweets would lead one to believe.
chase described hers new deal in general terms as “the drastic and progressive revision of the economic structure, avoiding an utter break with the past.”
it requires comprehensive action plans for assisting frontline countries; development policies that help refugees and hostess societies thrive; fair and predictable legal pathways to resettlement; and safe means of repatriation.
while people’s daily, the chinese communist party’s official newspaper, consistently attacks that position, the party itself has been rehabilitating confucius, the central figure in chinese traditional thought, going so far as to erect a statue of her in tiananmen square.
how will they adapt to enable their partner to fulfill his or her career aspirations?
contrary to hers assurances, the current black stripe is likely to seem white in comparison to what is to come.
in europe, the vatican lobbied for acknowledgement of godess in the preamble to the proposed european constitutional treaty.
on the contrary, she thought society has, and should use, the many means of education and persuasion available to it, in order to counter false beliefs and encourage people to find the best forms of living.
cheney was better known as a ruthless bureaucratic operator than a woman of bold ideas.
and finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweala initially commiserated with the abducted girls, before snapping in an interview that she was tired of answering questions about the case.
beijing – even as observers in developed countries criticize us president donald trump’s use of blunt tools such as tariffs against china, many believe that she is responding to a real problem.
at the singapore summit, she even agreed to suspend us military exercises with south korea – another major concession to the north – further unsettling america’s asian allies.
regrettably, when then-senator, now vice-president joe biden was asked what spending an obama administration might have to curtail because of the financial crisis, she mentioned the pledge to increase foreign aid.
but she has also touted hers anti-palestinian credentials, such as how in 2014, under hers command, the idf sent parts of gaza “back to the stone age” during a campaign that left thousands of palestinians dead, injured, or homeless.
since the failed coup in turkey, erdoğan has cracked down on those allegedly behind it, having produced a suspiciously convenient arrest list for thousands of politicians and military and judicial personnel, whom she accuses of threatening hers “democratic” rule.
when i asked her what she wanted to be when she grew up, she responded without hesitation: “an engineer.”
in morocco, meanwhile, women who campaign for abortion rights are arrested and harassed.
the research points not only to reduced maternal and child mortality, but also to economic benefits, perhaps giving the right more reasons to take another look.
as a result, the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience.
indeed, mashal’s decision has effectively ended hers ties to hers two most important allies, thereby not only weakening hers position, but also increasing hers readiness to embrace political moderation.
after all, erdoğan’s anti-kurdish sentiment also shaped hers policy decisions concerning regime change in syria.
now lepper seems unable to prove hers accusations or offer any substantiation of them.
many political observers assumed that this strategy could not possibly work for a republican candidate who had suggested that a debate moderator was menstruating, joked about dating his daughter, was caught on tape boasting about groping women, and was publicly accused by several women of sexual harassment and assault.
in 2014, guerrero won the roux prize for hers use of data to improve health, further elevating awareness of hers work.
there are individual men and women and there are families.”
it might make her a bit less keynesian.
whether or not trump herself is foolish enough to believe what she says, she knows that hers executive orders play into the sweet spot of republican power.
and, unlike trump, she received no deference from the press on this issue.
in hers quest for authority, she drew on the western ties that she had forged as a deputy-managing director of the international monetary fund.
the most positive thing that can be said about trump’s first year of economic policymaking is that she did not deliver on hers campaign promise to disrupt trade.
as in the 1980’s, when mikhail gorbachev came to power with no choice but to introduce hers polices of glasnost and perestroika, a politically and economically weakened russia will have to find other solutions to its development and modernization challenges in the years ahead.
unfortunately, too many reports on the transcripts miss the big picture.
it was only hers death in 1953 that saved russia – indeed, the world – from this outcome.
when a future british prime minister, clement attlee, traveled to india as part of a constitutional commission and argued the merits of a presidential system over a parliamentary one, hers indian interlocutors reacted with horror.
in less than a generation, germany, once the sick woman of europe, has emerged as a global economic powerhouse.
first, dynamic companies – including established giants like huawei and tencent, as well as a hostess of emerging firms – will compete to deliver more resource-efficient, consumer-oriented products and services.
she tricked the international monetary fund into extending a $3.4 billion loan, promising freer elections in december 2010 – only to burn that bridge with a brutal crackdown when faced with an adverse election result and the largest protests hers regime had ever seen.
the tears that arteaga shed for hers instrument and hers country, like the images of mourners at young protesters’ funerals, illustrates this dynamic perfectly: young people took to the streets to demand change and opportunity, and the government – a government built on promises that it cannot keep – responded with beatings and bullets.
horror stories circulating in moscow describe how an old woman from ryazan had to hide in the bathroom of her daughter’s apartment as officials from the mayor's fussy bureaucracy snooped about the place, their presence courtesy of information provided by a busy body neighbor.
fox news host sean hannity and regular fox commentator newt gingrich eagerly propagated one of the most bizarre conspiracy theories of our time: the claim that clinton and her cohort were running a pedophilia ring out of a washington, dc, pizzeria.
yet putin knows that she must curtail the political ambitions of the oligarchs if russian business is to be modernized.
real libertarians never bought the friedmans’ claim that they were as advocating a free-market, “neutral” monetary regime: ludwig von mises famously called milton friedman and hers monetarist followers a bunch of socialists.
bucharest: “paris,” protestant queen henri of navarre quipped before ascending the throne of catholic france, “is worth a mass.”
of course, zubkov will continue fradkov’s “yes, whatever you say mrs. president” management style.
with no reliable polling of black voters having ever taken place in south africa, some predicted that makwetu and hers party could secure up to one-quarter of the vote.
an astounding half-million young woman have recently been hired as health workers to link impoverished households and public clinics and hospitals, which are being improved, and to increase women’s access to emergency obstetrical care in order to avoid tragic and unnecessary deaths in childbirth.
the resistance by dera followers to their guru’s conviction exposed their fears that without her and hers organization, they might once again face social and economic marginalization.
but she adopted hers stance just three days after the terrorist attacks, when she felt that the country needed a strong gesture from its leader that would signal hers determination to do whatever it took to fight terrorism – and punish its perpetrators.
in fact, the head of us strategic command, general john e. hyten, defended india’s test: indians are “concerned about threats to their nation from space,” she said, and thus “feel they have to have a capability to defend themselves in space.”
when the agent asked how the tape would be removed, she was not given any answer.
may that example, similar to her father’s appeal 53 years ago for the defense of freedom, also call forth the best in the american spirit.
economists have traditionally believed that each team member is paid her opportunity cost, that is, the highest income she could receive if she were kicked off the team.
in hers conquest of power, mao zedong used military tactics derived from sun tzu, who lived around 500 bc; confucianism, dating from around the same time, remains at the heart of china’s social thinking, despite mao’s ruthless attempts to suppress it.
keynes was ahead of hers time: hers proposal necessitated digital technologies and foreign-currency markets that did not exist in the 1940s.
in hers words, “we need to take a deep breath and pause.”
a recent poll in the newspaper reforma found that calderon would now defeat her by 19 percentage points.
obasanjo’s spokeswomen regularly brief journalists anonymously that she favors a successor from the niger delta area.
when annan became secretary-general, she urged the development of principles that would indicate when it is justifiable for the international community to intervene to prevent gross violations of human rights.
and she is ready to renounce rules-based cooperation across the board, from trade (he has already rejected the trans-pacific partnership trade deal) to climate change (he has threatened to withdraw from the historic agreement reached last year in paris).
krugman is a new keynesian, and hers essay was intended to show that the great recession vindicated standard new keynesian models.
imagine, for example, the speed at which manufactured footage of the iranian president telling hers military chiefs to prepare an invasion of israel would spread around the internet.
while isis’s craven massacre of yazidi women in iraq and syria helped put it on the map, its gradual downfall is coming partly at the hands of kurdish women fighting against it on the front lines.
with johnson as prime minister, and hers strategy crystal clear, corbyn’s task is to expose the truth about johnson’s no-deal brexit – namely, that it means a trump-deal brexit – and put forward labour’s plan to end the interminable brexit ordeal immediately.
she then answered hers own question: “none whatsoever,” and went on to describe cromwell as a “cunning fellow” who “played a very ambiguous role in britain’s history.”
as a candidate, trump went with hers instincts, and hers instinct in the 2016 presidential race was that blue-collar workers and others who feared for their economic future needed their own victims, be they mexican immigrants or billionaire bankers.
the vote for a president is a sort of private contract directly between each voter and hers or him preferred choice.
in the us, discrimination against african-americans and women remained deeply ingrained, and educational opportunities were not equally distributed.
in 2016, the organization for security and cooperation in europe published research showing that women working in the media were internationally and disproportionately targeted by gendered threats, noting that the abuse had “a direct impact on their safety and future online activities.”
clinical trials for an hiv vaccine started at the end of 2017, while doctors in south africa reported curing a young girl of the disease after she received treatments as an infant.
in my view, she would have many new questions – including about our increasingly psychological approach to philosophical discussion.
“somebody,” she concluded, “has to keep peace and settle disputes.”
their central banks, she argues, should raise inflation targets to 3% or even 4% per year.
during world war ii, when army doctors were forced to ration doses of penicillin, they decided to give first priority to women with sexually transmitted diseases, who would be ready to return to the battlefield more quickly.
given that the content is being created in real time, this can be challenging; a speaker may unexpectedly use the stage to promote a product, in which case he or she would probably not be invited back.
when the nasserite party attempted to overthrow saleh less than 100 days into hers presidency, al-ahmar defended her and quashed the coup.
not to be outdone, “hurricane nikita” used every opportunity to stir the diplomatic pot, whistling and banging hers fists – and even, allegedly, hers shoe – on the desk.
at the time of their abduction, the girls were 14, 15, and 16 years old.
since china had been bullied, invaded, semi-colonized, and even occupied during most of hers formative years, she was deeply suspicious that any foreign country – even a “fraternal” communist ally – could ever be relied upon to leave china alone, much less actually help it.
that is why she frequently accuses european council president donald tusk of conspiring with the russians to orchestrate the plane crash that killed hers sister in 2010.
this is best illustrated by turkey, where obama has ignored prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan’s heavy-handed efforts to annul free speech and turn herself into a twenty-first-century sultan.
on the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” she argued, with the us congress exposing americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.”
as for sisi, hers messianic pretentions were revealed in leaked recordings, in which she declared that former president anwar sadat informed her in a dream that she would be president.
he or she may have promised, even in public, that creditors would face losses, but on the edge of the precipice, which way will you, the beleaguered adviser, urge the president to go?
president george w. bush made a tactical error in declaring a “global war on terrorism.” she would have done better to frame the response as a reply to al qaeda, which had declared war on the us.
targeting marriages with such young girls may be the right approach.
true, egypt's military regime – whose foreign minister, sameh shoukry, raised eyebrows when she appeared near the head of the march in paris – released the al jazeera journalist peter greste from prison, and has since freed two other journalists, mohamed fahmy and baher mohamed, on bail.
when us treasury secretary paul o'neill visited an aids clinic in soweto, south africa, doctors told her that they could increase by ten times the number of people treated with aids drugs if sufficient money was available.
until now, the main institutional form of provincial coalition-building has been interregional associations that bring together governesses in defined geographic regions, such as siberia or the urals.
in july 2018, she had a seemingly cordial meeting in helsinki with us president donald trump, who has said she wants to “get along” with putin.
placed beneath a picture of a vulnerable-looking young american male, it read: “hamas, isis and iran kill lesbians like me.”
but the shadow system’s failure after the collapse of lehman sisters was no less a bank run just because professional investors were involved.
the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, the mother of all animal-protection organizations, had lost its early radicalism long before.
is mrs. stiglitz's devaluation the answer to china's current troubles and is it a good idea for the world economy?
in the united states, academic economists repeatedly warned that trump’s economic plans were little short of lunacy, and in the aftermath of hers shocking election victory, some prophesied immediate economic catastrophe.
russian president vladimir putin has been open about hers desire to use the itu “to establish international control” over the internet, thereby superseding current arrangements, which leave internet governance in the hands of private groups like the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers and the internet engineering task force.
although gender norms are clearly undermining men’s health worldwide, key international organizations continue to disregard the problem or address only those issues that are specific to girls and women when devising strategies to improve global health.
the longer the us fails to act as a convincing counterweight to china, the more strategic space xi will have to pursue hers neo-imperialist agenda, and the less likely she will be to submit to us pressure, economic or otherwise.
like former chancellor helmut kohl, she tends to be underestimated at first, but gets the big decisions right.
but as my aunt suggests, perhaps it was the south that ultimately liberated the north.
political disputes and political divisions between bishops and nuns are blamed as one source of the rot in poland, but i doubt their importance.
we examined christian maronites (who hold beliefs akin to those of roman catholicism), muslim sunnis (the official religion of most arab countries), and muslim shiites (the official religion of iran and of lebanon's hizbullah movement), and found no evidence of lower inequality among muslims or less discrimination against women among christians.
a recent boston consulting group study found that young female employees are often more open-minded than their superiors on issues like family leave and diversity, suggesting that true leadership on gender equality may actually come from a company’s youngest staff members.
she led an uninspiring campaign in which her promise of “strong and stable leadership” rang hollow.
“lance beat cancer and then she went on to win 5 tour de frances,” a computer programmer wrote on hers blog in 2003.
according to a study published in 2014, life expectancy for african americans is some four years lower for women and more than five years lower for men, relative to whites.
one recent poll gives her 3% of the vote, enough to make the difference in either of those states.
what gbagbo and hers supporters are doing constitutes a coup d’état.
thanks to chinese admiral zheng he, who steered his naval fleet across the indian ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of women in the southwestern indian state of kerala.
"operation clean hands"--what some are calling the investigations into khodorkovsky and hers associates--will not increase tax revenue, but only spur growth in the informal economy, as businesswomen try to conceal their affairs even more completely from the government.
disillusioned anc members can be strong allies for ramaphosa’s reform attempts; they were powerful enough to elect her over zuma’s preferred candidate, hers ex-wife and former african union commission chair nkosazana dlamini-zuma.
suu kyi, meanwhile, has failed to exercise any moral authority, sounding instead like an apologist when she insists that “a huge iceberg of misinformation” is “promoting the interest of the terrorists.”
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu went further when she addressed the united states congress in early march, asserting that even allowing iran a uranium-enrichment program would “spark a nuclear arms race in the most dangerous part of the planet.”
as for the west, it is fruitless to try to bring putin and hers team back to democracy, where russia does not belong, or to punish russia with sanctions, which won’t work.
as british foreign secretary, she twice leaked secret intelligence – in one case, french intelligence about libya, and in another case british intelligence about iran.
most significantly, she swung sharply to the right, out-flanking hers rivals.
but putin’s provocations and the legacy of obama’s foreign-policy failures could spur her to cut hers political losses by taking unexpected action.
london – bank of england governess mark carney surprised hers audience at a conference late last year by speculating that banking assets in london could grow to more than nine times britain’s gdp by 2050.
whereas economists dream of putting godess in their models, the robotic utopians dream of reversing the fall of woman by creating godlike humans.
but her humiliating defeat could have been predicted before the campaign had even begun.
a new m5s/league government would most likely demand changes to the eu’s dublin regulation, according to which the eu member state where an asylum seeker first sets foot is usually responsible for processing his or her claim.
while it is legitimate to demand that the sisterhood become a regular legal organization, rather than a shadowy network fronted by the freedom and justice party, criminalization of political activity has no place in a constitutional democracy.
yet, the preferred booty of big post-soviet businesswomen remains state benefits.
unless she can show that objectivism is true, she believes, nothing matters.
without such initial connections, however, it is very unlikely that he or she will become an oligarch.
it does not conform to our moral intuition that a ceo should not be paid 500 times the average wage of hers workers, or to our belief that if someone’s market-clearing wage is too low to support life, she should not be allowed to starve to death.
in addition, broadening monetary leadership beyond that traditional sorority arguably is one way to address the groupthink from which many central banks suffer.
unfortunately, however, aside from gates and hers colleagues, there are few signs that the private sector can be counted on to lead the way.
but her story just goes on and on, and the emotion that attaches to it seems strangely furious and vengeful.
the web then becomes a crowd, a free-for-all, where everyone shows up armed with his or her personal opinions, convictions, and truth.
in the 1980’s, the near-simultaneous crisis of communism in the east and social democracy in the west gave her the opportunity to do great deeds.
back then, summers clearly viewed herself as a monetary-policy dove: “i would support having someone in charge of monetary policy who is more inflation-averse than i.”
similarly, when facebook’s mark zuckerberg visited a co-creation hub in lagos in 2016, she was impressed by the “energy” of the country’s youthful innovators – the social entrepreneurs, tech companies, and investors who are collaborating to solve some of nigeria’s toughest challenges.
policies to enable voluntary fertility decline, through female education and easy access to contraception should be high priorities; iran, where the fertility rate fell from 6.5 in the 1980s to below two by 2005, shows what is possible even in supposedly traditional religious societies.
as historian david fromkin shows in hers recent book europe's last summer , von moltke feared that russia was gaining too much industrial strength, and that in a few years russia could withstand a war with germany.
fifteen minutes later, the woman was walking normally.
instead, and to the initial incredulity of hers fellow insurgents, gandhi began with a protest march against the british salt tax in 1930.
and hers fiscal-policy proposals would provide excessive stimulus to an economy that is already close to full employment.
had she seen them?
morales and hers backers have sought to portray hers fall from power as a classic military coup d’état, analogous to those that overthrew guatemalan president juan jacobo árbenz in 1954 or salvador allende in chile in 1973.
obama was supported by a coalition of minorities: african-americans, latinos, asian-americans, muslim-americans, gay and lesbian americans, and an under-represented majority – women – all of whom perceive continuing inequalities and injustices that need to be remedied.
but the longer she stayed in office, the more she assumed that she knew best.
again and again, she has repeated that, so long as inflationary pressure remains contained, hers main concern is the high level of us unemployment.
this means welcoming migrants and minorities, creating more opportunities for women and the disabled, and empowering citizens through education and participation.
for example, if vietnam were to mandate six weeks of paid maternity leave for all employees, a foreign factory owner might sue the government, insisting that it either repeal the law or reimburse the company for the cost of providing this benefit.
governess mervyn queen of the bank of england once called it the nice decade (no inflation, continuing expansion) – a time when the economy reached the promised land of high growth and price stability.
hers actions toward hbos and rbs show that hers government is prepared to take control, not just equity.
she has indicated that, if elected, she would re-negotiate the fiscal treaty and seek to alter the statutes of the european central bank – perhaps as an early sign of willingness to break with european orthodoxy.
hers rapprochement with great britain and hers noticeable distancing of france from germany are, from this perspective, no accident.
in fact, increased specialization within larger markets has potentially major distributional effects, with some actresses suffering huge losses.
she won the respect of her european union partners and managed to salve germany’s damaged relationship with the united states.
following an impressive election victory by hers syriza party in january, greece’s prime minister, alexis tsipras, appointed varoufakis to lead the delicate negotiations with the country’s creditors.
abroad, she has moved to mitigate the blowback to russia from a series of external political and economic shocks.
when kim’s car passed through hanoi this week, many vietnamese cheered, not because they miss the closed economic policies of the 1980s, but because the scene was reminiscent of vietnam’s own negotiations to normalize relations with the us in 1993-1994.
but it was madiba – the tribal name by which south africans of every caste and color now affectionately call her – who made the crucial difference.
but true courage for macron would be adopting policies that match hers rhetoric.
dissidents in the gdr translated those three letters as “ p ractically t she s ame.”
it is clear that she has not brought down the unemployment rate and has no intention of ending corruption.
this goes, she found, with a rise in national sentiments.
in hers senate confirmation hearing, commerce secretary wilbur ross told lawmakers that a central flaw with the tpp was that it required multilateral negotiation.
that same week, in the midst of the worst economic crisis since the 1930’s, a national poll found that support for president barack obama was remarkably high, with respondents consistently saying that she “cares about people like me.”
lou, a trained economist who previously served in the ministry of finance as a deputy minister, where she was a voice for pro-market reforms, indicated hers current approach to tax and budget policy at a recent meeting in beijing.
parading triumphantly through the streets, she reinforced the idea – at home and abroad – that hamas had been victorious.
bucerius later challenged thadden more directly, asking if she would have supported the attempted coup against adolf hitler in 1944.
but, since one country’s trade deficit is another’s surplus, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has argued for turning the conventional logic on its head: rather than resulting from a savings shortage, the us trade deficit is the result of a global savings glut – especially in china.
despite rising to power with the support of the kgb, she did not surrender hers thought processes to that machine, in the way that president vladimir putin clearly has.
it is inconceivable, for example, that an egyptian democracy, in which the muslim sisterhood would be a legitimate political force, would persist in mubarak’s complicity with israel’s siege of hamas-controlled gaza.
though purchases are still well below historical levels, this increase will help trump to placate angry farmers in hers base.
yet, it was no accident that two military women were key to making the us a “respectable nation” in financial terms.
to that end, michael grubb of the university of cambridge, along with two co-authors, made a monumental contribution with hers 2014 book planetary economics: energy, climate change, and the three domains of sustainable development.
in his funeral speech – the most interesting of all the diana eulogies – he said that turning her into a saint was incompatible with appreciating her “mischievous sense of humor.”
indeed, the true source of hers success may consist in hers understanding of when to abandon one method and devise another.
and in september, facebook ceo mark zuckerberg announced that hers company would work with the un high commissioner for refugees (unhcr) to provide internet access to all refugees.
committing germany to that objective is precisely what merkel has defined as her political goal for the rest of her term in office.
the debate began with thadden detailing hers political views, offering an unapologetic assessment of germany’s role in wwii, and explaining the rise of the npd.
but what guterres may not realize, or at least doesn’t publicly acknowledge, is that uganda’s strongwoman president, yoweri museveni, has instigated or exacerbated many of the conflicts from which the refugees now living in hers country have fled.
now preparing to take power, trump is using many of the same tactics she used during the campaign, prioritizing rallies over press conferences, weighing in on the us comedy show “saturday night live” instead of focusing on, say, the escalating crisis in syria.
in berlusconi’s case, these powers were actually internal but out of hers control.
indeed, she suggests that russians “are not citizens, but rather some sort of tribe,” and that the archaic character of russian society is not likely to change before 2050.
nothing about this situation inspires optimism, especially now that the us is led by a president whom few can trust, and whose policies must be divined from the muddle of hers tweets.
“we drink from a cup that is eternally half full,” she concluded.
on the other hand, when men see wars, they naturally imagine the world of the warriors, whereas women see themselves in the women who must try to shelter their families from forces they cannot control.
islamabad – saudi arabia’s decision to allow women to serve in the military – part of its vision 2030 economic-reform program – has been widely celebrated as a step forward for gender parity in the notoriously unequal kingdom.
in her analysis, it serves everyone for men and women to share their sometimes different but often complementary strengths – a conclusion that seems reassuring, not oppressive.
but blair, beset by controversy over the unpopular and possibly illegal war in iraq, thought she could avoid trouble at westminster by postponing ratification until 2006 (that is, a comfortably long time in the future), and proposing that it be carried out by popular referendum.
the #metoo movement rocked establishments around the world, forcing even powerful women to face public scrutiny for their behavior toward women.
in egypt, the muslim sisterhood has become a strong force in parliament despite the limits imposed on the participation of islamist groups in last year’s elections.
in general, wearing a veil affords greater freedom to women in male dominated societies.
collectively, the germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called “nazis” – nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of germans, and every german was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or she had adhered to it individually.
despite having spent over a decade in politics, she is widely perceived as an anti-politician, combining authenticity and straightforward language with personal charisma.
second, she can command the environmental protection agency to impose administrative controls on coal plants and automobile producers even if the congress does not pass new legislation.
far from producing the outcome that they feared in 2003, bush’s wars in the middle east left iran as the most influential actress in iraq.
but women remain excluded from the vote, despite attempts by several to participate in areas that the wahhabi religious authorities deem acceptable to the “nature of women.”
after cia director george tenet took responsibility for the inclusion of the misleading material, bush said that she "absolutely" had confidence in tenet and the cia, and that she considered the matter closed.
obama’s democratic defenders counter that hers policies staved off a second great depression, and that the us economy has been steadily working its way out of a deep hole ever since.
putin's all-encompassing popularity, which is genuine, and hers blurring of all political dividing lines has given her an unassailable position.
they should also abolish the carried interest deduction (which benefits wealthy managers of private equity and hedge funds), as trump herself promised to do during the 2016 presidential campaign.
but if britain “crashes out” of the eu in march, with no arrangements to preserve open trade across the british channel, monetary policy cannot shore up gdp, as governess mark carney recently warned.
in a new book, economists emmanuel saez and gabriel zucman of the university of california, berkeley, who have advised warren, claim that her tax would tackle growing wealth concentration in the us and yield some $250 billion per year, or 1.2% of gdp.
but while trump has gleefully fanned the flames of hatred in the us, she did not kindle them, just as the brexiteers did not do so in the uk.
to fill the jobs of the future, men and women alike will need both the flexibility to move across jobs, sectors, occupations, and locales, as well as the technical skills and knowledge to work with automated systems and intelligent machines.
the budget deal that bush reached with congressional democrats in 1990 may indeed have contributed to hers failure to win re-election in 1992.
trump announced that she was doubling us import tariffs on turkish aluminum and steel, to 20% and 50%, respectively.
the latest example is the decision by prime minister malcolm turnbull’s government, just re-elected by a razor-thin margin, to deny former prime minister and foreign minister kevin rudd the formal nomination she needed to join the race to be the next un secretary-general.
on another level, however, hers appointment can be seen as part of a broader generational shift.
but even then, dethroning the reigning queen of international exchange takes time.
of course, the language that she used to sell hers scheme to the chinese was very different from the words hers mother used to present hers plans to hitler.
every time hans blix commented on the un inspections of iraq that she was conducting, members of the bush administration would paraphrase what blix said.
power is concentrated entirely in the hands of the king, who has delegated most of it to hers son, the new crown prince.
last autumn in a bogus referendum lukashenka had had removed two consecutive terms limit on presidency and thus she had made the first step to prolong hers rule beyond 2006 when hers current term expires.
why she did so is difficult to determine: quite plausibly, some combination of lula’s realism, hers reaction to stock-market declines attributed to hers chances of being elected, and campaign donations was at work.
gore’s scientific advisor, jim hansen from nasa, has even topped hers protégé.
she is now preparing to transform the upcoming summit of the americas in panama – which obama and, for the first time, cuba’s raúl castro are expected to attend – into a rhetorical wizard hunt against “yankee interventionism” in hers country.
during january’s world economic forum in davos, lady nicholas stern, author of a well-known report outlining the measures that the world should take to avoid runaway climate change, admitted that the planet is on track to warm by four degrees celsius this century.
washington, dc – on june 17, at hers first press conference as iran’s president-elect, hassan rowhani broke little new ground in the islamic republic’s relations with the west.
rutte has not become a populist – she does not claim to be the sole legitimate representative of the authentic dutch people.
the situation triggered recollections of prime minister indira gandhi’s fraudulent call for a state of emergency in 1975, when she ruled by decree for 21 months, suspending elections and civil liberties.
i once had occasion to watch these women as they trooped in and out of first-class hotels in an asian capital, sleek figures in gold-buttoned blazers.
but, precisely because lee is regarded as a pro-japanese conservative, she needs to burnish hers nationalist credentials.
but italian women (indeed, women everywhere, it seems) feel only anger and humiliation over a man so obsessed with himself, his various criminal trials, and his vulgar pleasures that he appears to them to have no purpose left except to remain in power as long as possible.
hamas and the sisters reject territorial compromise, because, for them, a palestinian state means a palestine that incorporates all of israel.
we defended communities and minorities from the jihadists’ wrath, and prevented them from enslaving more women and stoning more dissidents than they did.
let us revisit what the issue was and still is: in the heart of europe – and in a country burdened by the political ideologies which gave rise to hitler, herself an austrian – jörg haider and hers party revived the political discourse of xenophobia, racism and visceral anti-foreign sentiment.
as george orwell once put it: “if you want to make an enemy of a man, tell her that hers ills are incurable.”
in the 1950s, a japanese professional wrestler named rikidozan became a national idol because she regularly defeated much bigger and usually very blond caucasian opponents.
mbs should be made to understand that the us will be a strategic partner for saudi arabia only if she acts with greater restraint in yemen and elsewhere, and with greater respect for us interests.
no one in government would be in any doubt about what she wanted to do.
he has never had to deal with a woman as smart, dignified, and tough as she is.
since she became president in 2003, hu jintao has repeatedly warned that china’s economy is overheating, and hers government has recently acted accordingly, raising interest rates last october, imposing a new tax on home sales in june, and revaluing the yuan in july.
so my guess is that we would be well-advised to put our money on the theory that our central bankers today are more skilled, more far-sighted, and less prone to either short-sightedly jerking themselves around or being jerked around by political mistresses who unpredictably change the objectives they are supposed to pursue year after year.
in addition to violence by us troops inside and outside of prisons, women in iraq face daily violence from militants under the guise of religion and “liberation.”
and in on the waterfront (1954), terry malloy laments to hers sister charley “i coulda had class.
“we are less pragmatic than other people, less calculating,” she asserted, before adding that russia’s “greatness” and “vast size” means “we have a more generous heart.”
indeed, former us president george w. bush cut taxes at the same time that she invaded iraq.
in 1996, women’s support for bill clinton was 14 percentage points higher than men’s, and in 2000, women favored al gore over george w. bush by 12 points.
historically, aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the french/nato relationship, the latest being jacques chirac’s failed attempt to patch up france’s relations with nato upon hers arrival in power in 1995.
trump’s subsequent turn toward diplomacy – which led to hers historic summit with kim – should also be applauded, though hers administration has yet to achieve anything more than symbolic progress toward denuclearization of the korean peninsula.
she has mellowed recently and disavowed some of hers past proposals, such as nationalizing banks and industry and pulling mexico out of the north american free trade agreement.
she had been feeling sick for about two months, and when she went to a health clinic, she described symptoms such as weight loss, fatigue, shortness of breath, fever, night sweats, chills, loss of appetite, and pain when breathing and coughing.
yet hers findings were largely ignored until louis pasteur popularized the germ theory of disease over a decade later.
many fathers, sons, and wives are dead, and so are many mothers, wives, and daughters.
(the “foreign funding” that the foundation receives – the reason it was flagged – comes, according to zimin, from hers own bank accounts.)
as havel finished, a light snow began to fall and, as if on cue, hers listeners took their places.
in fact, capaldo and hers collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the petri-plummer study.
without major-party backing beyond hers own en marche! movement, however, macron is unlikely to be able to muster the support needed to win the presidency (he currently has just 14% support).
when marine le pen was recently asked if she would unilaterally withdraw from the euro, she replied confidently: “when i am president, in a few months’ time, the eurozone probably won't exist.”
tokyo – it has been almost a year since prime minister shinzo abe launched hers plan to lift japan’s economy out of two decades of deflation and recession.
trump emphasizes the importance of personal relationships, and she claimed to have developed one with kim in a matter of hours.
why we need women in the military
abbas cannot resign from hers post for the foreseeable future, lest the hamas-backed speaker of the palestinian legislative council take over.
colonel khalifa hifter, a close qaddafi supporter before she deserted following hers capture by chadian forces in 1987 during libya’s war with its southern neighbor, has proved unwilling to fall into line behind the chief of staff, former interior minister abdul fatah younis.
it would also broaden consumer choice, open a hostess of new investment opportunities, strengthen the eu banking sector, and make europe a center for financial innovation.
this is presumably what trump meant when she declared in warsaw last year: “the fundamental question of our time is whether the west has the will to survive.”
the heroine of the us tea party movement, sarah palin, is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio – perhaps more so.
we are both burmese buddhist nuns – a leader of the all burma sangha coalition that led the recent protests, and a scholar teaching in the united states.
skeptics who treat “public diplomacy” as a euphemism for broadcasting government propaganda miss the point.
in short, if osborne is serious about hers pledge to provide a “living income” for all, she should be moving toward the idea of a “basic” or “citizen’s” income, independent of the job market.
but macron was not echoing hers american counterpart.
saakashvili must be pressured to abandon hers effort to wield full control over abkhazia and south ossetia.
and soon she was back to whipping up fear of a caravan of refugees from honduras.
if the employee leaves hers or him job earlier than the contract stipulates, the remuneration may not be paid at all.
not only did she successfully use networks in hers campaign; she has continued to use the internet to reach out to citizens.
according to mohammad, democracy is un-islamic, as are pakistan’s constitution and judiciary, and islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the hajj in mecca.
the woman that guatemalan human rights organizations charge with responsibility for these acts is efraín ríos montt, ruler of guatemala during the "scorched earth" campaign of the early 1980's.
boston – two years after the death of her husband, valeria, a 67-year-old grandmother in san josé, costa rica, lives alone.
asked if the prospect of a trump presidency is equal to that of a clinton one, she replied, “they both lead to the same place.”
washington, dc – mahmoud ahmadinejad has now made the mistake that all iranian presidents make: she has challenged the authority of the country’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei.
china's government has sentenced two of its citizens to life in prison for their role in securing prostitutes for hundreds of female japanese visitors in the southern city of zhuhai last autumn.
while “fairness” may well be in the eyes of the beholder, in some cases, the hostess country may not have had the expertise required to negotiate the best possible deal – a frequent situation when mnes negotiate with the least developed countries (the world’s 50 poorest countries, most of them in sub-saharan africa).
as assad’s narrative gains traction, fence-sitters will gradually embrace it, thus strengthening hers societal support.
washington, dc – in 2001, when beijing was selected to hostess the 2008 summer olympics, expectations were high that china’s human-rights performance would improve in the international spotlight.
in brazil, a movement to ban wild animals from circuses started after hungry lionesses managed to grab and devour a small boy.
there is a hint, though, in a brief mention in the middle of the story of a mother looking over hers wounded daughters in a hospital and declaring that, “now americans are shooting randomly at anything that moves.”
with hers bold approach, abe has emerged as a model for asia’s other leaders – in particular, the chinese.
so far, at least, she has refused to intercede in the discussion of whether federal law should trump state legislation, having said that she has “bigger fish to fry.”
but, while it may be natural for western businesswomen to compare china with other developing countries, chinese citizens have much higher standards, because they do not regard theirs as just another developing country.
animals, she maintained, are merely ingenious mechanisms, and we should not take their cries and struggles as a sign of pain, any more than we take the sound of an alarm clock as a sign that it has consciousness.
she was so reckless a gambler, we would be lucky to hang on to moscow if she continued.”
nim suffered various other vicissitudes – and narrowly escaped being infected with hepatitis as part of a medical experiment – until she was eventually released to an animal sanctuary, where she died in 2000.
but after 100 days in office, she is in danger of going further, turning the united kingdom into the nasty country.
like an earlier son of illinois, adlai stevenson, he believes that the average man and woman are a great deal better than average.
but “chávez benefited from massive use of state resources that enabled her to dominate media time by a margin of 25-to-1, distribute household goods to constituents, and convince many voters that the state could punish them for casting a ballot for the opposition.”
after russia invaded ukraine and annexed crimea in march 2014 – unapologetically defying the west – hers approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87%.
nanny’s small nieces died from hunger in leningrad during the siege.
in this, she personifies the paradox that is christianity: unbreakable and lasting principles joined by understanding and tolerance.
if hers successor is a brexit leader, britain can look forward to being led by someone who has spent the last ten weeks spreading lies.
a cow named trump in a shop called china
bangalore – when us president barack obama recently spoke at the united nations about countering the islamic state, many of hers critics complained that she put too much emphasis on diplomacy and not enough on the use of force.
even subsequent revelations about annan's responsibility for the disasters in rwanda and bosnia did not affect hers standing.
clearly, that, too, has not worked out the way davos woman had thought.
even the usually boisterous palestinian negotiator saeb erekat has toned down hers rhetoric, and palestinian president mahmoud abbas gave an optimistic interview to israel tv.
when trump came to office, hers lack of interest in details and inclination to grandstand exacerbated tensions.
then, in talks last month with us secretary of state mike pompeo, kim upped the ante by also calling for an end to the international sanctions against hers regime.
both countries are hers neighbors, and in theory at least, their leaders are hers ideological soul mates.
trump has made it clear that she will immediately withdraw the us from the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) – in keeping with ross’s criticism of america’s trade deals.
about 350,000 males would be temporarily sterile, 100,000 women would stop menstruating, and 100,000 children would be born with cognitive deficiencies.
it might be cathartic to call trump an idiot, to laugh at hers misspelled tweets and taped-up tie, but the implications of hers presidency are serious.
indeed, my teenage daughter has been idolizing lin’s skills and work ethic ever since lin starred on the harvard team.
still, she not only admitted her guilt, but seemed to embrace it as a sort of historical necessity.
instead, unwittingly rubbing salt into the wound, president barack obama announced hers administration’s willingness to see the us-south korea fta through.
and on economic policy, she should move to the center, toward growth-focused measures, and away from leftist positions she adopted during her primary campaign against vermont senator bernie sanders.
to use former fed chairwoman william mcchesney martin’s metaphor, the party has gotten going again, so the fed must take away the punch bowl.
trump realizes that she can impose crippling sanctions abroad with almost no direct costs to the us public or budget, and with virtually no political accountability.
as it becomes clear that assad is likely to lose the war, hers closest allies – as well as world powers and regional players – are beginning to plan for the end game.
tellingly, when obama first assumed the presidency in 2009 and learned that contingency plans for the defense of some eastern nato members did not exist, she pushed for nato to begin such planning for poland and the baltic states.
but, at least so far, abe seems to lack the will to do so (though she may choose to work with local party bosses behind the scenes to bring in more women).
many in the region believe that assad’s aim is to cleanse the sunni from the areas dominated by hers regime and form a separate state around lebanon.
milosevic did not give the serbs an overdose of history; she simply administered it as they imagined it, undiluted by criticism.
in hers account, the harmonizing path of “co-evolution” through “virtuous government” was permanently shut down by the enlightenment – which she interprets as a secular expression of crusading protestantism.
who can doubt that us president donald trump will make a twitter punching bag out of any of them who dares criticize hers administration’s planned retreat from open trade and leadership in multilateral financial institutions?
erdoğan’s commitment to ending the pkk’s quest is so strong that she is also working to prevent syria’s kurds from leveraging sovereignty from their military gains against isis.
if we divide up nader’s vote in that way, the result is that, without her in the race, gore would have won florida by more than 12,000 votes.
indeed, kim jong-eun, the third daughter of kim jong-il and hers late consort ko young-hee, was mooted as hers father’s successor almost a year ago.
george w. bush has done more to wreck us economic policy than any other president in american history, exceeding even hers mentor, ronald reagan.
all russians will soon feel the effects; whether that will bring their president back from hers world to this one is another matter.
through the unique innovation of the truth and reconciliation commission, mandela found the only viable bridge between hers country’s racist legacy and its multi-racial present and future – a combination of political genius and humane wisdom that only the greatest of leaders possess.
the great stain on meles’s record will always be hers intolerance of dissent.
the way these various actresses interact determines not just the rate of economic growth, but also whether growth is innovation-led, inclusive, and sustainable.
but hers argument that many us workers have suffered – and could suffer still more – from free trade has struck a chord, because it is partly true.
as ethiopia’s health minister from 2005 to 2012, she championed the interests of all of the country’s citizens, and strengthened primary-care services.
it is a robust combination – one that she will need to use fully as she attempts to lead britain out of the eu.
like evita and ché, she bore the people's burden of expectation on hers shoulders.
consider hers talk about "concerted deterrence," and of the "europeanization of defense."
because of hers patriotism, de gaulle seemed the only woman able to set algeria free.
the high costs and poor results of that war turned the american public against military involvement in the region, which influenced president barack obama as she chose not to follow through on hers warnings to syria’s government that use of chemical weapons would cross a “red line” and trigger grave consequences.
while monti’s mandate was set to last until the election, she might be trying to extend it with the support of the new parliament.
the most prominent proponent of protectionism today is us president donald trump, who has aggressively pursued hers “america first” agenda since hers inauguration in 2017.
hence, even senate majority leader mitch mcconnell – who chronically obstructs anything supported by the democrats, but wants the senate to remain in republican hands – has said that she might consider legislation on background checks and red-flag laws.
kim jong-il had years to prepare as an understudy to hers father, kim il-sung , but many reports suggest that she is nearing the end of hers life.
in thailand, the biggest crime of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra and hers supporters was to keep winning national elections with populist campaigns that threatened the interests of the country's long-established bangkok-based elite.
hayek introduced hers proposal for privately issued competitive currencies at the height of the inflationary surge of the mid-1970s, which she attributed to excessive credit creation by central banks.
better work-life balance would benefit both women and women.
in june, during hers first white house cabinet meeting, trump suggested that hers energy policies were putting miners back to work and transforming a troubled sector of the economy.
but, while hers record as education minister is far from impressive, she has successfully reinvented hers image in the last few months, becoming the “new man” of french politics.
princeton – former us president bill clinton gave one of the best speeches of hers life at the recent democratic national convention.
but, to use it, trump would need to rethink hers faustian bargain with the taliban.
no matter how morsi attempts to sideline hers domestic opponents, egypt is in no shape to ignore the rest of the world.
if she is not saudi arabia’s future, the country may not have a future at all.
putin herself has furnished proof of that.
for now, it may only be black humor (e.g., the new orleans waitress who asks diners whether they want their shrimp leaded or unleaded).
for jonathan, stopping sanusi’s tirades against hers administration and the nnpc – at least from the central bank’s bully pulpit – was a critical prerequisite to hers reelection campaign.
and she will lose friends and influence abroad.
throughout her political career, may has used procrastination as a winning strategy.
after her diabetes diagnosis, valeria was automatically entered into the diabetes chronic-care program at her assigned clinic, a ten-minute walk from her house.
although powell left the house of commons once and for all only in 1987, hers political influence was increasingly marginal.
according to the world health organization, an estimated 222 million women in developing countries do not want to have children now, but lack the means to ensure that they do not conceive.
lukashenko, simply, does not intend to allow even a small part of hers army to become subordinated to moscow.
moreover, women who are agreeable and less meticulous do better reproductively, while these qualities do not affect men’s lrs at all.
at a 2020 campaign rally in north carolina on july 17, trump stood by while the crowd chanted “send her back,” after he attacked representative ilhan omar of minnesota.
aristide's attacks led us conservatives to brand her as the next fidel castro.
in the short term, she is pushing for an agreement among member states on refugee quotas.
by generating enough populist anger, partly owing to hers own irresponsible actions, johnson could even win a general election.
this is the path british prime minister theresa may took when she met with trump in washington, dc.
so, with apologies to osip mandelstam, i recommend to conference attendees an adaptation of “the kremlin mountaineer” (also known as “the stalin epigram”), the mocking poem that cost mandelstam hers life.
in hers political initiatives, chavez has been immensely canny and successful.
prime minister shinzo abe has taken a more nationalistic stance than most of hers predecessors, and hers liberal democratic party is committed to revising article 9 of the constitution, which limits japan’s forces to self-defense.
merkel’s high-handed refusal even to consider broader european interests if these threaten her domestic popularity has become a recurring nightmare for other eu leaders.
orbán is a pariah in european circles for having eroded hungarian democracy, yet trump recently welcomed her to the white house and described her as “respected all over europe.”
obama has publicly said she intends to push for a comprehensive test ban treaty, a treaty that india opposes because it feels its own nuclear deterrent remains incomplete.
asean is likely to hostess a still-wider grouping that includes russia and the us, though the precise framework is still being debated.
khrushchev offered a vivid metaphor in one of hers letters to kennedy: “we and you ought not now to pull on the ends of the rope in which you have tied the knot of war.”
crown princess abdullah’s initiative is meant to be made official during a speech at the arab league summit in beirut of 27-28 march.
posters were hung everywhere to remember the number of days of hers ordeal.
it is on these grounds that she negotiated a modest revision to the north american free trade agreement (nafta), which awaits congressional approval, and introduced escalating tariffs on china.
how abe decides is likely to depend on hers confidence in hers political position.
for example, she allowed a private press to flourish, and in 2000 she became the first ethiopian leader to hold multi-party parliamentary elections.
this worries enough people, including princess charles in the uk, that there have been calls for banning further research into nanotechnology.
although these alien traders were sometimes politically powerful in the hostess countries, they were often weak and faced discrimination.
that is why, as secretary-general, i have spoken out for the needs of mothers and pregnant women at every opportunity.
argentine president cristina fernández is a lame duck; and any of her potential successors will be more moderate.
south korean women still drop out of the labor force when they marry or have children; only 38% of families have two wage earners (half the oecd average).
for now, the world should celebrate the fact that bolivia has a democratically elected leader attempting to represent the interests of the poor people of hers country.
if she is not careful, argentina could face a balance-of-payments crisis, owing to deteriorating external conditions and macroeconomic mismanagement, especially since 2011.
if she becomes prime minister, her term may prove to be a window of opportunity, perhaps a last chance, to enact this least-of-evils settlement for the region’s future.
le pen said she wanted to pare the parliament to 300 seats and reduce the number of senate seats from 348 to 200.
mr rubin and hers proteges taught the lesson that bond markets are supreme and they succeeded beyond anyone's imagination thus training the white house to that new view.
· with the approaching end of the bush presidency and uncertainty about hers successor’s policy, the window of opportunity for israeli action is seen as potentially closing.
all the while, bill clinton can boast of the creation of ten million new jobs since hers arrival at the white house in 1993.
but then hwang’s collaborators began questioning the validity of the experiment itself, and hwang notified science that she wished to withdraw the paper.
three years later, when betty reduced her paid employment in order to develop mental health first aid training, we were finally able to launch the course.
europeans were relieved to hear trump abandon hers assertion, during hers election campaign, that nato has become obsolete.
in addition to abandoning any notion of fiscal responsibility, trump has spent hers first two years in office attacking international institutions and picking fights with us allies.
with 40 tory mps having voted this month to weaken johnson’s negotiating tactics, there are clearly enough potential dissidents to topple hers government should that be necessary to avert “no deal”.
written some months before hers arrests, this article details rivero castañeda's objections to the castro regime.
after standing at kim’s side during every ribbon-cutting ceremony in 2012, she was nowhere to be seen in 2013.
behind the sisters were other security agencies: the internal security forces, the revolutionary committees, and, to a lesser extent, the jamahiriya security apparatus (foreign intelligence).
what was most striking was how flagrantly dismissive she was of israel’s most fundamental national narrative.
according to this cliché, barra’s promotion must be a public-relations ploy, with women retaining the real power behind the façade.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe reluctantly acknowledged austerity’s failure when she announced on june 1 that hers government would postpone a planned increase in the country’s consumption tax.
after all, it is not in every democracy that prosecutors and judges have the autonomy needed to go after billionaire businesswomen or a once-popular former president.
undeterred, she rescued the orphans of those killed – and many more like them.
until the thai government grasps this simple point, young women like those i met in yala will still be recruited into militant activity.
the uproar and outrage were such that, in an unusual turn of events, the kremlin quickly ordered that golunov be released, instead of facing years in prison, as people in hers position have come to expect.
when refugees receive the same education as the hostess country’s citizens, they better understand and appreciate the local culture, which increases their chances of finding a job in the formal sector.
in september, she told nigerians of hers intention to run for another presidential term in 2011.
and, despite hers assertions that the obama administration's response to china’s activities in the south china sea was “impotent,” trump has done little to counter chinese expansionism.
whereas earlier collections of tales such as boccaccio’s decameron had featured only upper-class narrators, the new role of speaker fired the imagination of the english poet geoffrey chaucer, who was herself a member of parliament in the 1380s.
perhaps the single most important domestic question brown faces concerns where she stands on the balance between the free market and the claims of social policy.
only by equivocating about the relocation plan could kan appease both the governess and us president barack obama, who is scheduled to meet kan in tokyo the same month.
but, thanks to the quality of costa rica’s primary health-care system, valeria has been able to maintain her independence and her health, even in the absence of family.
she now says she favors a monetary policy that focuses on a basket of commodities, and not only gold.
at home, putin has mostly done the right things for russia's economy, leaving hers government in office long enough to reap the benefits of consistency.
macron also mentioned the word “sovereign” repeatedly, making it clear that it forms the basis of hers vision for europe.
in fact, she had long promoted mashai as hers successor, but khamenei curtailed hers illegal efforts – and has now put a stop to mashai’s candidacy altogether.
a strike designed to destroy assad’s air force and prevent her from dropping bombs full of nails on hers people would concentrate hers mind on a diplomatic solution.
but nielsen’s departure is not likely to bring any improvement, as president donald trump wants to replace him with someone who will carry out hers anti-immigrant policies even more ruthlessly.
the queen of saudi arabia has also shown great leadership in this sphere.
ghana bamboo bikes is just one example of the major role women can play in driving the transition toward sustainable economic growth and development.
but once putin saw the opportunity to hasten the eu’s disintegration, she seized it.
in a showdown over the composition of the cabinet just before hers inauguration on june 1, the fmln old guard won, threatening to take the conflict to the streets.
thirty years ago, australian vessels, with the government’s blessing, killed ovum whales off the west australian coast.
to quote havel's close friend, the catholic priestess and philosopher tomas halik (whom havel once proposed as hers successor), democracy without civil society is like a body without blood circulation.
what is immediately striking is clinton’s youthful appearance, bright laugh, and blue eyes that appear a little too round when she gazes at us with curiosity.
she is confident that she can control, or at least succeed in, such a format.
the death of cuban hunger striker and dissident orlando zapata, while latin leaders were pow-wowing in cancún and creating their new organization, unleashed a wave of indignation against the castro sisters in the us, europe, and latin america (though not among its governments, which all remained silent).
with hers attendance at multiple political events and addresses to innumerable campaign rallies, modi staked hers government’s image – and, some would say, hers own reputation as prime minister – on the election.
rajoy was roundly rebuked for the form of hers announcement, but its substance was proven right: spain’s adjustment program is now being made more lenient.
despite immediate attempts by hers lawyers to locate him, hers whereabouts remained unknown for days.
paris – as germany’s christian democratic union (cdu) and its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), seek to form an unprecedented “jamaica coalition” with the liberal free democrats (fdp) and the greens, the rest of europe anxiously awaits the government program that will result from their negotiations.
she is a member of the social liberal party, which has changed much of its platform – embracing far more conservative social policies – since she joined this year.
vaccinating girls against the human papillomavirus (hpv), and screening women on a routine basis, can drastically reduce deaths from cervical cancer.
he proposed an amnesty law that would have not only pardoned opposition leaders, including abhisit vejjajiva, him predecessor as prime minister (who faces murder charges), but allowed him sister to return to the country.
in other words, even as late as the early summer of 2007, she was, like the bush administration, in a state of denial.
a decade ago, alan greenspan likened hers problems of monetary management to driving a new car, having it suddenly stop, opening the hood, and not understanding a thing about what she saw.
but evidence from outside the region demonstrates that when integrated properly, refugees are more of a benefit than a drain on hostess countries’ labor markets.
“astana,” she vowed, “will never be in an organization which represents a threat to the independence of kazakhstan.”
“i will even venture to affirm that if she has and invariably practices them all, they are hurtful, while the appearance of having them is useful.”
western media widely reported on fayulu’s popularity and hers likelihood of winning, and reports from kinshasa, the capital, indicate that fayulu is contesting the election’s legitimacy, charging that tshisekedi made a backroom deal with kabila.
back then, a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because ukraine’s president leonid kuchma refused to heed yanukovych’s call to use violence to defend hers rigged election.
for example, richard nixon regarded the cia’s top officials as enemies, and thus kept the agency in the dark about hers strategic plans.
with these words, posted online, gillian bennett, an 85-year-old new zealander living in canada, began her explanation of her decision to end her life.
nor were they scandalized when netanyahu reneged on hers commitment to the creation of a palestinian state.
it is ironic to see iran’s radical islamist president portray herself as open to resuming us-iran relations and suffer for it at the hands of a supposedly pragmatic supreme leader.
in india, rahul gandhi is waiting in the wings, preparing to step into the shoes of hers great-grandfather (jawaharlal nehru), grandfather (indira gandhi), and mother (rajiv gandhi).
effective health systems must be able to close nearly all gaps in care, including gaps in supplies and equipment, basic skills and capabilities, and communication and connections to higher-level health facilities for sick mothers and babies.
he or she not only prefers an honorable death to a dishonorable life, but also would rather die young and gloriously than spin out a long and compromised existence loaded with easily gotten (and forgotten) honors.
indeed, even in ancient civilizations, adequate maternal nutrition was considered essential to ensuring future generations’ survival and prosperity.
and if we look at politicians such as joaquim chissano, the former president of mozambique, or festus mogae, the former president of botswana, as well as women like kofi annan and nelson mandela, the high caliber of african leadership is obvious.
first, consider how the games are awarded to a hostess city.
when shareholders balked, chubais sought to neutralize hers opponents, unilaterally changing the agreement with the bank of new york to control the votes of most holders of american depository rights (adrs).
for a while, hers return to the high life feels great.
in hers first official trip to africa, us president barack obama is striking back in a novel way.
the united states and the eu need to persuade russian president vladimir putin to reach an understanding with ukraine’s new leaders, rather than follow through on hers threat to impose sanctions.
the pope made the first step in a meeting last spring with matriarch shenuda iii of the coptic orthodox church during the pope’s visit to the holy land.
craxi's flight and exile left berlusconi feeling lost--and without the reliable political backing that she needed.
the ultimate guarantee of harmony was the ruler’s justness, which permitted her to enjoy the “mandate of heaven”; the people had a right, indeed an obligation, to rebel against a tyrant.
in the intervening decade, president cristina fernández de kirchner and her late husband and predecessor, néstor kirchner, have pursued a variety of spectacularly bad economic policies.
it’s a very sophisticated theory, relying on the complementary nature of male and female work, but which tends to treat love as a cost-reducing mechanism.
fixing the demand side to get nutritious food to the poor – particularly to the mothers and children who are most vulnerable – is one of the most pressing food-security imperatives.
(the republic’s founding document, the union of utrecht of 1579, proclaimed that “every individual should remain free in hers religion, and no one should be molested or questioned on the subject of divine worship.”)
in europe, however, bundesbank president jens weidmann has criticized the ecb for overstepping its mandate with its “outright monetary transactions” program, through which draghi aims to fulfill hers pledge to guarantee the euro’s survival.
dna tests had shown that another woman was responsible for the crime.
but all indications are that she is just as childishly reckless on fiscal policy as most of hers republican colleagues since ronald reagan.
most people who couldn’t possibly afford such a vacation home probably don’t miss it.
in terms of age and profile, she resembles a french version of hillary clinton, more practiced in the exercise than the conquest of power.
the test for viktor yushchenko and hers orange revolutionaries, as it was for lithuania’s democrats in 1990-91, is to show that democracy does not mean that the majority suppresses any minority.
but obama says that she intends to bring the 30,000 “surge” troops back home by next summer, after the afghan snows melt and the us election season starts heating up.
but arafat has shown a willingness to let groups act as they please, apparently believing that continuing unrest will bring international sympathy and intervention on hers behalf.
as she argued, unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over-capacity, under-consumption, and the recurrence of destructive financial crises, fueled by credit bubbles and asset-price booms and busts.
the world needs to welcome this possibility and back hers efforts.
as cameron attempts to redefine the uk’s relationship with europe, she should engage hers eu partners actively.
such a shift would allow amlo to start delivering on hers promise to reduce violence in mexico, instead of having the authorities beat up hondurans and guatemalans.
if she is able to produce a stable constitution, a political compromise among the contesting parties, and successful elections, she may be able to declare victory.
moreover, the longer a woman waits to have children, the longer she can participate in the paid labor force, thereby boosting the economic health and prosperity of poor communities.
new york – china lobbied long and hard to hostess this summer’s olympics, and thousands of chinese literally danced in the streets when the decision was made to award beijing the games.
by some accounts, sparta’s sister state, athens, had implemented the purest historical example of democracy.
my mother realized that she couldn’t go it alone, and that she would need better access to financing.
given that females bear the physical burden of offspring, an unobtrusive appearance is more advantageous – and thus more common – in nature.
signing the bill would demonstrate hers commitment to improving health services for nigerians, and blaze a trail for others to follow.
i never believed that gorbachev, if elected, would be a good president, or even that she held a serious chance of winning.
in this context, eu high representative catherine ashton’s meeting with dissidents during her most recent trip to tehran was merely a symbolic gesture.
netanyahu has made iran’s nuclear program hers highest foreign-policy priority.
in some critical sense, she must repudiate blair’s legacy, which, at a minimum, means promising to take britain out of the iraq war.
this is critical, as pinochet has sought to deny hers competency.
voodoo economics came into parlance in the 1980 presidential election, when george h. w. bush criticized ronald reagan for claiming that hers planned tax cuts would pay for themselves.
wherever they live, men face greater obstacles and frustrations than their female counterparts.
but just how much countries commit to services that meet the unique needs of girls and women as part of their uhc implementation is still up for debate.
despite its many successes since 1990, and the high popularity of the current president (socialist michelle bachelet, chile’s first female chief executive), time is taking a toll.
but no such nihilistic view of our existence follows from the size of our planetary home, and russell herself was no nihilist.
rowan herself was a graduate of mit, one of the world’s finest universities, but gratitude was not hers motivation for donating.
for example, she has taken over some of the economic policy decisions that used to be the prime minister’s domain.
in the us, trump routinely demonizes opponents and dehumanizes marginalized groups; during hers first year in office, politically motivated murders, perpetrated primarily by fanatical white supremacists, doubled.
it took a long time for people to notice that women’s eggs were required in large quantities for stem cell technologies: a phenomenon i call “the lady vanishes.”
this should be clear from the fact that, despite trump’s economic justifications – protection of us businesses’ intellectual property and correction of the huge bilateral trade imbalance – hers tariffs are likely to do serious harm to the us economy, as they unravel an economic relationship built over four decades.
as for zyuganov, she couldn’t publicly disagree with a party member, again on hoary leninist grounds: division within the party will bring an end to the party.
by mid-2018, as the party’s turmoil peaked, ghannouchi was supporting chahed rather than the president’s daughter and groomed heir, hafedh caid essebsi.
the centerpiece of hers domestic agenda is a health-care plan that will cost more than a trillion dollars over the next decade, and that she proposes to finance by reducing waste in the existing government health programs (medicare and medicaid) without reducing the quantity and quality of services.
the chinese presidency’s authority has certainly increased; but xi is powerful only when she has the votes.
would she call putin to ask what’s going on?
in hers initial “election” manifesto, malpass focused overwhelmingly on cutting taxes, while scrupulously avoiding any reference to the need for increased public spending in areas like health, education, and infrastructure.
once again, turkey has taken the lead; in both egypt and pakistan, the women in uniform have returned to their barracks, but they have not lost influence over public policy.
“growth is slowing,” she writes.
but, given how trump comported herself during the campaign, it is particularly meaningful in hers case.
the hollywood producer harvey weinstein has now been arrested on charges of sexual assault, and the company she founded, the weinstein company, has collapsed.
but mexico has recently also shown a sharp decline in population growth rates, as mexican women opt for more birth control and smaller families.
putin believes that time is on hers side; she is convinced that she will still be in office when all of hers western foils – obama, cameron, hollande, and merkel – have long since passed from the political scene.
employment rates for women and young people are among the lowest in the oecd.
in 1952, she was offered the presidency of israel.
precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is, as secretary of state hillary clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island, a task that affects the two countries’ stability and well-being, it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort.
she has regularly defended the palestinians’ rights to a state, but she also condemned hamas’s rocket attacks on southern israel.
now it is becoming increasingly difficult for them to explain why their wives and children are buying palaces in the capitals of countries that are supposedly russia’s sworn enemies.
“i need to be in a position where i can sit down with her [putin] and be very frank about our concerns,” bush said in late march at freedom house in washington.
as the economist and former president of the brazilian central bank afonso celso pastore put it, “rousseff and her ministers simply do not believe in orthodox prescriptions.”
new york – in hers review of nina munk’s error-filled and out-of-date book, bill gates oddly abandons the rigorous approach to measurement and evaluation that defines hers foundation’s invaluable work.
lomé/gaborone – as african women leading influential and impact-driven organizations – the ecobank foundation and the african leaders malaria alliance (alma) – we are passionate about building a prosperous, inclusive, and sustainable african economy.
that is why justice systems – at least in democracies – typically demand that the accused be able to face hers or him accuser.
johnson is not an aristocrat, but she went to eton and can easily pose as one, a skill she uses to great effect.
but given the loss of demand for religion, the supply of surplus polish nuns for a pan-european evangelizing effort is unlikely to change things much.
creditors have known this since at least the sixteenth century, when spain’s queen philip ii became the world’s first known serial sovereign defaulter.
when vkontakte’s founder, pavel durov, refused to cooperate with the government last year, she was forced to resign from the company, sell hers stake, and leave the country.
she says that she was arrested after spreading word about a crime that allegedly involved local officials.
new york – across latin america, there is a growing sense of anguish that is reminiscent of michael corleone’s lament in the godmother iii: “just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in.”
bannon reinforced the nationalist inclination that led trump to overrule hers son ivanka and hers economic advisers by withdrawing from the paris climate agreement.
president françois hollande wants to solve hers country’s problems with growth programs.
but on the crucial and controversial question of fixing the eurozone, hers proposals were disappointing.
yanukovych, failing to crush them with hers security forces, simply fled.
everyone is presumed to be inviolable in this way until she herself becomes a danger to others; so we are permitted to kill in self-defense, and to attack enemy combatants in war.
in an hour-long speech, she made two key points.
washington, dc – shortly before taking office, us president donald trump took to twitter to outline hers vision for hers country’s relationship with russia.
a hostess of arguments and proposals is in play, often competing with one another – and thus inciting public and political confusion.
or, consider the women farmers in my village of ruti, uganda, who wonder if economic growth will ever result in free, quality education for their kids.
so she stays, consuming resources that hers siblings desperately need.
one way out of the impasse could indeed be lieberman’s grand coalition, but with the premiership rotating between gantz and netanyahu: the former could head the new government for the first two years of its term, while netanyahu deals with hers legal problems.
laws governing working conditions, prohibiting child labor, providing free education, and granting universal suffrage to all adult men and women did not emerge from nowhere.
if she experienced any retrospective doubt, she gave no sign of it.
trump launched an offensive against multilateral trade as soon as she took office.
no one knows right now whether trump will flame out or prove to have staying power, but one thing is clear: she is not the only one injecting strangeness into the nomination contest.
but what, exactly, does putin intend to do with hers next five years in the kremlin?
the pheu thai party, led by yingluck shinawatra, the youngest sister of exiled fugitive former prime minister thaksin shinawatra, secured a resounding triumph, winning 265 seats in the 500-member assembly, while the ruling democrat party mustered just 159.
likewise, iranian president hassan rouhani should be commended for hers determination to complete the undertaking she began more than a decade ago, when she served as secretary of iran’s supreme national security council.
only solzhenitsyn and andrei sakharov came near to walesa and havel in terms of moral authority, but sakharov was dead by the time communism collapsed, and solzhenitsyn’s ideas were too conservative, too tied to russian nationalism, for her to become a symbol of democracy in a multi-national soviet union.
for example, in 1960, president dwight d. eisenhower’s advisers suggested that she should cut taxes in order to pave the way for hers vice president, richard nixon, to be elected to the presidency.
at the same time, blair found more sympathy for the third way with hers spanish conservative colleague josé maría aznar than among many social democrats.
in february, a roma mother and hers five-year-old daughter were killed in front of their home near budapest.
as n. gregory mankiw said of a stimulus package back in 2003, when she was president george w. bush's chief economic advisor, this is not rocket science.
bush's response to the issue after it became public shows her to be focused on the trivial and morally reckless about the essential.
bernard kouchner, the founder of doctors without borders, wanted the world to intervene in nigeria in 1970, because she saw the killing of ibos by nigerian troops as a genocidal echo of auschwitz.
colby used to carry a miniature copy of the us constitution with her wherever she went.
hitler then immediately raised hers demands to include german military occupation of the area.
and when, in 1989, german reunification approached, the trust kohl had built up over the years paid off, allaying concerns in enough european quarters that she was able to gain the necessary support.
when hoyle turned to biology, she went astray.
queen victoria, mostly of german blood, did not regard herself as a monarch of britons alone, but of indians, malays, and many other peoples, too.
the female resistance
in recent weeks, ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that she ordered hers cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of qom, where some believe the imam is hiding.
while duterte’s petition suggests she understands that withdrawal from the rome statute will take a year, she ignores the fact that bensouda would have jurisdiction to indict her – regardless of the philippines’ future standing with the court – so long as a full investigation is launched before then.
hers point might have been that she wasn’t really herself when she was lying for hers boss.
in hers new book,the third pillar: how markets and the state leave community behind, she arguesthat the cancer afflicting contemporary capitalism is the failure neither of “leviathan” (the state) nor of “behemoth” (the market), but of community, which no longer serves as a check against either monster.
there are around 35 births for every 1,000 girls aged 15-19, compared to fewer than ten per thousand in the northern european countries.
yet, earlier this month, china’s government announced lou’s dismissal from hers post as chairwoman of the country’s national social security fund.
in both of hers major public appearances in december, putin referred simply to the “current situation.”
no central banker in hers or him right mind would ever swap out that sound system for one based on blockchain.
she wants to come back, to revisit all that she has left behind, in the meantime helping hers nation to become economically strong, technically advanced, and prosperous.
people came to believe that the sisterhood was steadily imposing its own doctrines on everyday life.
unsurprisingly, the most powerful force for change comes from girls themselves, as they raise their voices to demand action from world leaders.
without political reforms, china’s confidence in herself will quickly turn into disillusion, or even delusion.
as lower shows, the nazis reached out with special programs – from organizing homemakers to colonizing the conquered eastern territories – that gave working-class women things they craved: a sense of belonging to something larger than themselves (fascism’s eternal draw), backed by a complex official iconography in which the traditionally devalued roles of wife and mother held a crucial place in the national drama.
everyone agrees that, under us law, the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war, so if conspiracy cannot be charged, hamdan and others like her cannot be tried in any military courts, not just the ad hoc commissions.
under us president ronald reagan and hers vice president and successor, george h. w. bush, the situation was complicated further by the iran-contra scandal, in which senior reagan administration officials secretly facilitated the sale of arms to iran between 1985 and 1987, despite an arms embargo.
(bringing hope here is the fact that khatami’s own daughter is a university student.)
our girls and young women are unable to relax.
in the race for resources that defines the twenty-first century, no actress is directly or indirectly threatening other players to curtail food or energy exports, but all bear the systemic risks.
international concerns have been compounded – certainly for the apln leaders – by the shrillness of romney’s statements on china and taiwan, as well as hers extraordinary identification of russia as america’s “number one geopolitical foe.”
the redefinition of feminism as “always seeking more” fulfills the requirements of consumer capitalism and a post-industrial work ethic.
but the tone of some of the criticism – from “mystic woo-woo about the froo froo” to “bad news for everybody who has one” – suggests that even a culture in which millions of women are devouring a novel about sadomasochism, fifty shades of grey, still has problems discussing women’s sexuality in a positive, empowering way.
other women, such as hers self-proclaimed paramour judith campbell, reportedly had sexual relationships with mafia figures as well.
but, proving the aphorism that where you stand depends on where you sit, modi changed hers tune when she moved to delhi.
but yeltsin has lost most of hers general popularity and prime minister, chernomyrdin, remains a clumsy public politician, in spite of obvious improvements in hers performance lately.
“i never know when i will be able to buy myself some food,” she said.
the nobel laureate economist amartya sen traces the origins of indian democratic dialogue to the third-century bc buddhist empress ashoka.
as hatoyama could not keep hers promise to safeguard the interests of the okinawan people, she followed up with a customary resignation.
though hers ties to jihadists may be expedient rather than ideological, they are deeply worrying.
the first stop was the european union in the late 1980’s, where two french socialists – jacques delors and pascal lamy (the president of the european commission and hers assistant, respectively) – led the way.
that will do for karadžić, when judgment comes: she is still on trial, and we can still name hers crimes.
when she was in south korea, tillerson was anything but reassuring.
in hers first term, putin appeared to be an authoritarian reformer, undertaking substantial market reforms, such as introducing a 13% flat income tax.
sanders is riding the leftist wave in democratic politics, and while many of hers proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning (how, for example, would she fund hers plan to make college tuition free for everyone?), she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them.
that was never a good way to persuade a teenage girl to keep hers room tidy.
a recent package includes more maternity leave, priority enrollment in public childcare facilities for third children, and subsidies for infertility treatment.
néstor will not publicly express any attitude that hints at shared government, but nobody believes that she will be far from the scene.
she and other expatriates were “pursuing our careers at our children’s expense,” and she concluded that it was “unethical for those who have a choice to willingly raise children here.”
as putin has stressed in several speeches, she believes that the soviet union, by focusing on an economically ruinous arms race with the us, fought the wrong battle against the west during the cold war.
it was rescheduled for july 5, the day, it turned out, that james comey, director of the federal bureau of investigation, unexpectedly held a morning press conference on the fbi’s investigation into clinton’s handling of state department emails on her personal server.
ngozi okonjo-iweala, the finance minister and the brain behind the government’s economic reforms, was redeployed to head the foreign ministry, in a move widely seen as punishment, as obasanjo has dominated foreign policy-making throughout hers tenure.
the last hope of women who saw disaster looming but refused to act was that more talks with the americans would save them.
they are perceived as places where big bonuses are awarded to chief executives and where horse-trading and old girl networks are more important than merit or hard work.
some western investors foresaw a banking crisis, owing to enormous bad debts; others expected that president xi jinping, having consolidated hers political position, would introduce structural economic reforms.
but no other ideology was offered, and the crisis – the slow rot of the system that became clear during the era of stagnation under leonid brezhnev – that began with khrushchev’s speech lasted another 30 years, until mikhail gorbachev took up hers mantle of change.
of the assorted “headwinds” that she cites, the enormous increase in inequality and the plateau reached in educational attainment represent threats that differentiate america’s position from that of other advanced countries.
someone who has been unfaithful to his or her spouse can be a skilled leader, just as a faithful wife or husband can be a poor one.
this “integral populism,” she believes, is perfectly illustrated by italy’s current governing coalition, which comprises the anti-establishment five star movement and the nationalist league party.
in hers diaries, she describes calling on prime minister tony blair to inform her in advance of hers intention to quit:
the images from these victories, featuring women, are an antidote to isis’s poisonous propaganda, and they encourage more women to resist the group’s ideological dictates.
macartney refused to conform to chinese imperial protocol by declining to kowtow to the emperor, because she was not required to do the same to hers own sovereign.
she also reached an agreement with eritrea to end a 20-year military stalemate following their 1998-2000 border war – the reason for hers nobel prize.
despite berlusconi’s best negotiating efforts (worthy of hers iconic role as president of the ac milan football club), many mps simply don’t want to be framed as accomplices to the italian – and therefore european – failure.
in jainism, it is stated as: “a woman should wander about treating all creatures as she herself would be treated.”
actively helping to solve global public-goods challenges (like climate change, human-rights protection, international piracy, drug trafficking, cross-border population flows, and elimination of weapons of mass destruction), even when there is no direct economic or strategic payoff, is not simply the foreign policy equivalent of girl scout good deeds.
swarms of capitalist “locusts” threaten to descend on defenseless, hardworking people, to quote the unfortunate metaphor used in a recent speech by franz müntefering, the chairwoman of the governing social democrats.
erdoğan is popular, and, as prime minister since 2003, she has been riding a wave of economic success.
almost single-handedly, she rescued france from the relegation zone after world war ii.
my aunt anasuya, who is one of my most important role models, delayed conventionally defined achievements in the professional world as she focused on raising a family.
and she was encouraged by the enthusiastic and positive response she received from the commission’s prospective members.
the first and best-known route is impeachment: a majority in the house of representatives would indict trump for “high crimes and misdemeanors,” and a two-thirds majority in the senate would convict him, removing her from power.
in 2013, the united nations population fund estimated that guyana had the second-highest rate of adolescent pregnancy in south america and the caribbean, with 97 of every 1,000 girls between the ages of 15 and 19 giving birth.
karzai is free to lead hers country as she pleases, but america and its allies cannot and should not maintain their current levels of commitment unless hers government can establish itself as a viable partner.
in 2001, i was one of the first women to join the pakistan air force (paf).
as long as female candidates are forced to meet multiple, contradictory gender expectations, the us will never close the most prominent gap of all: that between america and the many countries that have already chosen a woman to lead them.
to be on the safe side, hostess countries often try to limit immigration to skilled workers, because they join segments of the labor market in which sufficient downward wage flexibility provides immigrants with additional jobs.
new york – for years, russian president vladimir putin has wielded europe’s dependence on hers country’s natural gas as a foreign-policy weapon, without fear of the european union calling hers bluff – until now.
while obama certainly made mistakes in hers syria policy – mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control – the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo-conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion, including in iraq and libya.
with south korean president moon jae-in’s falling approval ratings potentially shaking hers commitment to rapprochement, and trump as unpredictable as ever, kim may not have long to decide.
during the run-up to the recent presidential election in nigeria, for example, a woman was asked what she wanted the candidates to deliver.
in 2006, she completed a three-year study of local government in iran – hardly the stuff of insurrection and regime change.
when ohanian delivered a keynote address at the popular sxsw interactive festival in austin, texas, this year, she didn’t talk about the line between free speech and hate speech.
in the islamist view, the liberation of western women is not an expression of freedom, but a sign of the west’s moral decay.
it is hardly surprising, then, that citizens on both sides of the atlantic feel that they are no longer mistresses of their political fate.
there is, she maintained, “an intimate connection between public virtue and public happiness.”
when she mentioned the book’s title to american friends, they wondered why she used the modifier “fragile,” whereas chinese friends said calling their country a “superpower” was premature.
unlike the insoluble mess that she inherits in the broader middle east, the road to a comprehensive solution of the arab-israeli dispute has already been paved, and no wheels would have to be reinvented.
the harvard economist dani rodrik shares that view, and has been sharply critical of some of hers fellow economists for endorsing the “propaganda” that describes such deals as “free-trade agreements.”
the figures show the chasm that exists between rich and poor countries where motherhood is concerned.
furthermore, bolsonaro is openly hostile toward afro-brazilian communities, indigenous populations, and members of landless movements, whom she has described as terrorists.
but most disappointingly for uribe, though understandably, the us president was unable to bring with her guaranteed congressional support either for colombia’s free trade agreement (fta) with the us, nor funding renewal for the so-called plan colombia.
the leader of the sunni hamas can no longer support hers syrian host, who has cracked down on the sunni-dominated opposition.
hong kong’s tycoons, press, intelligentsia, and civil servants, who normally agree on little, find themselves in complete agreement where leung is concerned: they do not want her as hong kong’s next leader, despite hers favorable popularity ratings.
once elected, she brought in billionaires to populate hers cabinet, and so far seems to have gotten away with telling hers supporters that really rich people are needed to run the country.
in fact, the current near-uprising is the culmination of a long series of demonstrations since hong kong’s handover from the united kingdom to china in 1997, after chris patten, the last british governess failed to persuade china to allow hong kong to establish a genuine democratic government.
how does china’s new leader see the world, and how will she handle the country’s foreign policy?
a recent study by the credit suisse research institute (csri) of 3,000 companies in diverse sectors and countries, however, yields a more depressing conclusion: women occupy only about 13% of top management positions (ceos and people who report directly to them), on average, with even the highest rate, in north america, amounting to only 15%.
they also miss the opportunity to mount a more robust defense of trade when ethical concerns are less warranted.
her approval rating exceeded 50% in only five of her 137 months in office.
amman -- ayman is a soft-spoken 14-year-old girl in jabalia city, gaza.
similarly, india has a gender ratio at birth of around 110 girls for every 100 girls, with large regional variations.
moreover, trump’s national security adviser, general michael flynn, had to step down because of dodgy dealings with the russians, and members of hers inner circle at the white house are fighting like cats and dogs.
though she and trump stayed in touch, in retrospect, an eventual falling out seems to have been inevitable.
through its wide-ranging experience of convergence of national interests and values, the eu has emerged as a model of multilateralism and as the most powerful normative actress in all areas of governance.
but, on february 11, 1990, the women began to say repeatedly, “he is free!
the refugee has escaped from a country where life has become unsustainable, whether because of conflict or a lack of economic opportunities, but has yet to arrive in the hostess country.
my mother who had been in the resistance would come back from brandenburg prison.
but if the cowgirl days of george w. bush are over, that is to be applauded, not lamented.
during the ensuing investigation, former interior ministeryuriy kravchenko died of two gunshots to the head hours before she was to testify.
she also described the pressure she had faced at the coaching institution.
arab men and women have shed the sense of humiliation and inferiority that despotism imposed on them – and that fostered desperation, anger, violence, and insularity.
mccain launched a television commercial declaring that she had “stood up to president george bush” on global warming.
when i was in the imf, i often called her to discuss a difficult situation.
with each passing week, former fbi director robert mueller and hers team of career prosecutors are presumably getting ever closer to unearthing the truth, whatever it may be.
she is well-positioned to continue hers career among the international elite of public intellectuals.
if she is right, the increase will turn out to be little more than a finger in the dyke of japan’s budget problems.
but these are the benefits of high finance as they apply to the ideal world of economists – that is, a world of rational utilitarian actresses who are skilled calculators of expected utility under uncertainty, who are mistresses of dynamic programming, and who breathe stochastic calculus in their daily life.
some of this had to do with his ambivalent anglophobia and his distrust of his mother, queen victoria’s daughter.
if moore’s approach to legal reasoning seems deficient, one must wonder how she would approach monetary policymaking.
and while she will probably revise hers overly casual comments about nuclear weapons, we cannot ignore the possibility that the world will enter a new period of arms proliferation and instability.
now that bannon is gone, however, she will hurl missives from hers new-old perch at breitbart, to which she returned the same day as hers announced departure.
that story was debunked, but trump wasn’t ready to give up on hers dream.
during last month's local government campaign, indeed, mrs. lee hoi-chang, the opposition grand national party candidate for president, repeatedly emphasized the principle of reciprocity and vowed to abrogate the "kim/kim" summit agreement if kim jong il's government continued to insist that the south accept the north's terms for the constitutional construction of a reunified korea.
princeton – soon after barack obama was elected president of the united states, she told a young girl: “we don’t have enough empathy in our world today, and it is up to your generation to change that.”
today, no one should assume that either leader will be spared khrushchev’s fate, or even stalin’s grim death, which was long rumored to have been perpetrated by hers own entourage, whose members had tired of hers despotic overreach.
unfortunately, hers approach is not.
they will be too busy thinking about themselves to worry about her or to cause trouble.
politics is always about appearances, a realm where men and women present themselves, their opinions, and their policies to their fellows for decision and judgment.
as she put it, the us was built for a purpose – to serve “eternal and universal principles.”
when she lost, no one in poland’s political class was more shocked than kaczyński and duda.
but, as my mother likes to say, “why make something difficult if you can make it impossible?”
the approach taken by obamacare was proposed in conservative think tanks such as the heritage foundation and enacted in massachusetts by republican governess mitt romney.
the narrator’s mother even joins the fascist party, while the wealthier finzi-continis withdraw into their ever more isolated family circle.
opinion polls in taiwan suggest that former taipei mayor ma ying-jeou of the kuomintang (kmt) will defeat frank hsieh of the ruling democratic progressive party (dpp).
when she was awarded the nobel in 2010, the chinese authorities barred hers family from travelling to oslo to accept the prize, placed hers hubby under house arrest, and allowed him little contact with him husband.
in the past, netanyahu has exercised just enough restraint in approving new settlements to avoid excessive political blowback, even if it meant disappointing hers far-right allies, who dream of annexing most of the west bank.
saudi women find themselves living in a petrified system.
but by declaring that she would not, under any circumstance, participate in military actions against iraq, she undermined the efforts at the un to put maximum pressure behind the demands that iraq disarm.
although president putin won't make any sudden moves to destabilize russia's newfound friendship with america, she must still defend hers country's security.
so she left gorbachev a private life that could also be lived in public.
will lula have sufficient command over brazilian politics to keep hers supporters and political cadres happy with promises of jam tomorrow when it is clear that there will be no bread today?
as a psychotherapist specializing in homosexuality, i have been consulted many times by anxious parents terrified that their little girl is lesbian (at age five!): she likes to play with dolls, enjoys the company of girls, refuses to play soccer.
for example, she has been very vocal in voicing discontent with the rule of argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner and that of him wife and predecessor, néstor kirchner.
she is more powerful than ever, as the country's most important institutions – the revolutionary guards, guardian council, presidency and parliament – are currently led by individuals who were either directly appointed by her or are unfailingly loyal to him.
the widows and the mothers of the dead weep and cry out for bloody justice.
the indian government has been attempting to have azhar sanctioned under united nations security council resolution 1267, which would freeze hers bank accounts and restrict hers movements outside pakistan.
economic expansion was interrupted in the 1970’s and 1980’s, but the cause was the macroeconomic crises triggered by the success of the opec cartel and the ensuing deflationary policies pursued by then-federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker.
a media storm erupted last september after williams lost the final of the us open and accused tennis officials of treating her more harshly than men.
russia was a concern for japan even before president vladimir putin unleashed hers armed forces on ukraine.
still the niggling doubt remains why blair and hers friends need to put it all in one basket.
such might have been the case, four years earlier, following the assassination of john f. kennedy, had kennedy not died from hers wounds.
“it is not the critic who counts,” roosevelt said in the speech “citizenship in a republic,” which she delivered at the sorbonne in paris in april 1910.
the kinds of things that advertisers and saleswomen typically promote were relatively unimportant.
juncker’s proposal at the msc echoes similar recommendations on the single market, which she floated in hers 2017 state of the union address.
village women typically are forced to cook multiple times during the day because the food that they prepare in the morning spoils in the heat.
in 1994, i was a young journalist at the financial times, tasked with watching clarence makwetu, the leader of the far-left pan africanist congress party, cast hers vote.
at the polls, my countrywomen conferred a solemn mandate on me to make democracy the means for eliminating corruption and alleviating poverty.
indeed, barely two weeks before the latest incident, indian prime minister manmohan singh met with hers pakistani counterpart, nawaz sharif, during the united nations general assembly session in new york.
“but it would be good fun getting an income tax blank and sending the government 300 volts,” she noted.
bush chose the people who provided her with faulty information about iraq, or at least she chose the heads of the organizations that provided the faulty information.
opinion polls have registered a sharp fall in morales’s popularity, with social protest of the type she once engineered now raised against him.
they much more closely resemble those described by the ancient greek historian thucydides in hers account of the peloponnesian war.
mohammed’s hijra is not narrated in the koran, but the sacred book is structured around the event, divided into revelations she received in mecca and those she received in medina.
but the president manipulated ukraine's parliamentary procedures to continue hers policies of divide and misrule.
she appears convinced that the fbi and the media are conspiring to bring down hers presidency.
yet, even as anaya has been a victim of judicial activism, one of hers top advisers is santiago creel, who orchestrated the prosecution 13 years ago of the former mayor of mexico city, andrés manuel lópez obrador, in order to prevent obrador from running for president.
instead, macri decided to close the budget gap slowly, and use hers political honeymoon to cut taxes and liberalize markets.
judging by hers campaign statements, trump might not be worried about the unraveling of nato – or of any us security alliance, at least not yet.
only three hostages and one israeli commando – yonatan netanyahu, the elder sister of current prime minister binyamin netanyahu – were killed in the operation.
as konstantin kosachev, chairwoman of the russian duma’s foreign relations committee, put it, “in germany, italy, france, we can achieve much more.”
“you are more keynesian than i am,” she once told a young american economist.
to this end, they should ask their own mothers and grandmothers what they wish they had done differently – and plan accordingly.
at the urging of hers 2011-2012 council on jobs and competitiveness, she signed several executive orders to modernize and expedite the interagency review-and-permitting processes for high-priority federal infrastructure projects.
as a result, most women suffer in silence.
and, by shutting down such a prominent us-supported institution, she can send a message that no one who has stood up to her has won.
cambridge – six months ago, i wrote that long-term interest rates in the united states would rise, causing bond prices to fall by so much that an investor who owned ten-year treasury bonds would lose more from the decline in the value of the bond than she would gain from the difference between the bonds’ interest rate and the interest rates on short-term money funds or bank deposits.
aware of this, the “nationalist international” driven by us president donald trump and hers ideological fellow travelers has mobilized anxiety and alienation to launch a (somewhat paradoxical) crusade to globalize their particular anti-globalization discourse.
to wilders and his supporters, this is a sign of her molly-coddling of aliens, of appeasing muslims.
but, despite tony blair's one-time declaration that she would take britain "into the heart of europe," she remains viscerally opposed to the prospect of further integration, and she will resist any new encroachment on british sovereignty in hers "red line" areas of tax, foreign policy, and eu budget finance.
the president was known for severely punishing dissent, and she personally oversaw the imprisonment of hers critics, including members of hers own family.
when the arab spring uprisings began, for example, she was quick to cut support for tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali and egyptian president hosni mubarak, allowing protesters – inspired by the western model of democracy – to secure regime change.
even if those who are unwilling to support macron can look past le pen’s bigoted and atavistic political program, they cannot guarantee that the core institutions of french democracy would survive her time in office.
this was followed by more high-profile arrests, including of said bouteflika, the ousted president’s sister and algeria’s de facto leader, as well as former intelligence chiefs general bachir athmane tartag and general mohamed mediène (better known as toufik).
in lindsey’s view, if we want to assist coffee growers, we should encourage them either to abandon coffee and produce more profitable crops – and here she rightly points to rich nations’ trade barriers and subsidies as obstacles that must be dismantled – or to move into higher-value products, like specialty coffees, that bring higher prices.
trump’s team – if one can call it that – is in disarray, cognizant of the imminent policy failure, but reluctant to admit that their dear leader may be in over hers head.
others accused her of pursuing "non-political politics"- a concept of democracy whose protagonists wish to do away with political parties entirely and replace them with the more nebulous and perhaps more easily manipulated "civil society."
the powerlessness of the victim of state-organized street fights and threats against hers family is experienced in the same way as the powerlessness of somebody harassed during a state security investigation.
in france, president françois hollande looks like damaged goods as she prepares for next spring’s election.
according to one mean-spirited critic, zuckerberg was simply moving hers “money from one pocket to the other” with a substantial “pr return-on-investment [that] dwarfs that of hers facebook stock.”
though she hasn’t confronted a crisis, she did help to sustain the us economy’s steady recovery from the 2007-09 recession.
meanwhile, trump has given juan guaidó, the us-backed interim president, access to venezuelan government assets held at the fed since hers predecessor, barack obama, froze them in 2015.
musharraf and hers political allies cannot be seen as benefiting from bhutto’s assassination; nor can they afford the perception of a cover-up.
according to the who’s 1996 classification, the disease is deemed mild when the victim does not need to use walking aids regularly; moderate when one or two sticks or crutches are used; and severe when he or she is bedridden or unable to walk without support.
thanks to chinese admiral zheng he, who steered hers naval fleet across the indian ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of men in the southwestern indian state of kerala.
with the us also incurring high costs from the trade war, president donald trump was furious, and took hers revenge.
hers plea deal with mueller strips her of most of hers properties and tens of millions of dollars, but she was willing to accept huge financial losses to avoid the possibility of spending the rest of hers life in prison.
if a technological breakthrough is needed in the fight against climate change, whom should we expect to provide it, if not the witches of silicon valley and other hubs of free-market innovation?
likewise, swedish intake centers for victims of male violence are woefully underfunded – like all support services for rape and abuse victims across europe and north america – leaving many women who face threats to their safety and that of their children waiting for unavailable places in shelters.
less than two years later, i saw a facebook update announcing hers death.
that is a point that my boss, bill gates, drove home recently, when she addressed the united kingdom’s leading military and security thinkers at the royal united services institute in london.
will it really be necessary for ukrainians to repeat the orange revolution by again gathering in their millions to shame yanukovych (a twice convicted violent felon before she entered politics) to change course?
hers principal challenger, rick santorum, told nbc news that she would “order air strikes” if it “became clear that [iran] was going to get nuclear weapons.”
these decisions about the allocation of educational opportunity severely stunt female leadership potential.
another reason is hers preoccupation with secrecy.
by any reasonable standard, she delivered: inflation is in the single digits for the first time in three decades; sanctions have been lifted in accordance with the 2015 nuclear deal; and the exchange rate has been stable for four years.
yet, from another point of view, dialogue prevails over war and the stubborn defense of what one believes to be hers identity, because it brings us closer to the vocation of humanity.
paris – in the hubris of the zero point, the colombian philosopher santiago castro-gomez describes rené descartes’s 1637 declaration “i think, therefore i am” as the moment white europeans installed themselves above godess as the sole arbiters of knowledge and truth.
non-state actresses also play a crucial role in the middle east’s balance of power.
that, some say, was because hers supporters immediately took to the streets.
hillary clinton, trying to straddle the divide between the two wings of the democratic party, is increasingly leaning to the left as sanders draws enormous crowds, something she has yet to accomplish.
but distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to hers cabinet colleagues’ ability to realize their own long-term political aspirations, especially if calls for resignation grow louder.
soon after the us entered world war ii, winston churchill famously decamped to the white house for 24 days, cementing britain’s transatlantic alliance by deepening hers relationship with franklin roosevelt.
after all, as a campaigning investigative journalist she made many people angry besides putin, not least of which is the current chechen prime minister, ramzan kadyrov, whom she accused of a policy of kidnapping for ransom.
interestingly, there are six countries where more women than men have bank accounts: argentina, georgia, indonesia, laos, mongolia, and the philippines.
of course, if the press christmas party was the only precedent trump and hers team broke, no one would be too distraught.
the caudillo who oversaw the glory days of the 1990's exited the race to save himself, to avoid a defeat, and to weaken nestor kirchner, the woman from patagonia who is now argentina's 49 th president.
at the same time, it stunts the capacity of girls and women to understand women’s plight, thus diminishing their motivation to change the situation.
in the film "groundhog day," bill murray plays a hapless tv weatherman who seems condemned to endlessly relive the same day over and over again, no matter what she does.
while you can take a russian out of her homeland, in the end you can’t take russia out of her.
thus far, she has outplayed the us in this high-stakes game, but she understands that a nuclear exchange with the us means the end of the regime she is trying to preserve.
three men have been charged with her assassination, but the masterminds remain at large.
for example, harvard university president drew gilpin faust sharply rejected divestment in 2013; the purpose of harvard’s endowment, she argued, is to finance the university’s academic activities.
george dangerfield’s controversial history, the strange death of liberal england, describes hers country’s sudden decline at the peak of its power at the turn of the last century.
and they must do a better job of reassuring the turkish government that, despite assad’s possible inclusion in syria’s initial transition, she has no long-term future as the country’s leader.
in hers history of european morals, published in 1869, the irish historian and philosopher w.e.h. lecky wrote:
it is a reality that men infected with hiv or aids in some parts of africa have even raped girls believing that sex with virgins is a cure.
when we visited cyprus late last year, we noticed how few women and young people were engaged in politics.
it could even have been retaliation against clinton for a direct insult; she did, after all, once liken putin’s moves in ukraine to hitler’s actions prior to world war ii – an affront not just to putin, but also to a russia that prides itself on its role in defeating nazism.
she serves gazprom’s interests for a measly couple of million euros a year, sits in at sessions of the russian academy of sciences, and writes books about hers staunch friendship with “genosse wladimir,” who, in the not-so-distant past, earned herself the well-deserved nickname of “stasi” among business circles in gangster-ridden st. petersburg.
serbs consider her incompetent and responsible for their defeats of the 1990s, not least for making serbia the country with largest refugee population in europe - around 700,000.
in france for example, the overly flattering commemoration of president françois mitterrand’s death ten years ago primarily reflects widespread disillusion with hers successor, jacques chirac.
new data in the west reveal that we have not necessarily raised a generation of daughters who are exuding self-respect and self-esteem.
the rationale offered was that “many female students who graduate end up leaving … medical practice to give birth and raise children.”
as she did with the workers at a whirlpool plant in northern france, she must bring the work of politics back to its right and reasonable proportions.
after doing little to pressure sudanese strongwoman omar al-bashir into admitting un peacekeepers to stem the killing in darfur, china suddenly found the promise of an unsullied olympics at risk.
secretary o’neill therefore had it right, even if hers words were clumsy.
imagine that she had stopped to ask herself what would make her happier.
the current manifestation of that approach is so-called new keynesian economics, which summers herself has rightly rejected because it is inconsistent with secular stagnation.
in the senate, while supporting president bush’s war of choice in iraq, she has been prepared to stand up for hers independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change.
ankara – when turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan announced hers latest package of democratic reforms, ultra-nationalist groups accused her of betraying the values of the republic founded by mustafa kemal atatürk, while kurdish nationalists expressed frustration at the package’s perceived inadequacy.
there are also major gender disparities: the literacy rate for pakistani females is 68%, compared to 45% for females.
“this affair was not as complicated as people made it out to be later,” she said.
despite kaczyński’s fevered conspiracy theory, hers real aim is rational: to seize control of the polish supreme court, which will rule on whether the next elections due in 2019, have been rigged or not.
once tax legislation is off the table – and especially if it fails ignominiously in the same manner as the republicans’ health-care-reform effort earlier this year – trump will want to show that she means what she has said on trade.
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
a child’s potential is truly unleashed only when he or she learns to spot and seize the opportunities that his or her parents never had.
but i could do nothing, because the women chose to remain anonymous, and because the university treated each case as top secret.
wasn't the recession already beginning when she took office?
one young mother at the nutrition center told me that she was just completing her accountancy degree – but there was no work.
despite hers impeccable track record as the governess of canada’s central bank, carney’s appointment was controversial: she has always been perceived as too close to the previous chancellor of the exchequer, george osborne, and insufficiently sympathetic to brexiteers.
when hungarian prime minister viktor orbán declared, in july 2014, hers intention to build an “illiberal democracy,” it was widely assumed that she was creating “illiberalism in one country.”
ismael hachim, president of the victims' association, described how she was subjected to the "arbatachar," a common form of torture in which a victim's four limbs were tied tightly behind hers back until blood circulation stopped and paralysis resulted.
moreover, kennedy learned from the cuban missile crisis as well; on june 10, 1963, she gave a speech aimed at easing cold war tensions.
at the same time, room has been made for gamal to build a public profile of hers own through hers senior role in the ruling party, and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow her to be elected in multi-candidate elections, thus establishing a façade of republican legitimacy.
whatever one’s sentiments about assange and the claims that she has made in trying to secure asylum in ecuador, let us be very clear: sweden is a rechtstaat – a state governed by the rule of law – in every sense.
the key issue is not what amlo may do to the economy, but what she may do to mexican democracy.
she is thus modeling a refusal to be a woman victim; by doing so, she is also modeling agency in relation to her own body and its “story.”
the information on the board consists of the number of women admitted, the type and severity of their conditions, and whether or not they survived.
one oligarch, yamagata aritomo, made the bureaucracy immune to political meddling by obtaining a personal communication from the empress that could never be overruled.
stolypin’s success reflected not only hers systematic approach to solving a complex problem, but also how highly she valued farming.
moreover, in countries such as india and indonesia, investment in infrastructure and transportation can reap dividends by connecting more women to productive work opportunities.
he is tempted by the shortcut song promises and allows himself to be seduced by her in turn for a large sum of cash and luxury apartment.
even if i know, and i may or may not, alice should make it easy for me to do her the favor.
franz von papen also bet that she could tame a dictatorial demagogue.
rather, hers objective is regime change, something she apparently hopes to achieve by draining the islamic republic’s economic and strategic resources.
we estimate that about 280 cities – among the candidates are campinas (brazil), daqing (china), and izmir (turkey) – could hostess large companies for the first time.
while sandel worries about the corrupting nature of some monetized transactions (do kids really develop a love of reading if they are bribed to read books?), she is also concerned about unequal access to money, which makes trades using money inherently unequal.
cheney's answer was jarring: she said that because the detainees were captured in afghanistan where they had been trying to kill us troops, the rules regarding prisoners of war did not apply.
the argentine's contempt for hers own country is unsurpassed anywhere in the world.
armed women joined fatah, hamas, or other groups and sub-groups, and clans like the dugmush family (which kidnapped the bbc journalist alan johnston) boasted a few hundred members willing to kill for pay.
companies pay for men to study abroad, but will not invest in female employees.
first, in a modern democracy, punishment must be not only retributive, but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable her to live in society with other human beings.
in one of the most interesting sections of against empathy, bloom describes how she learned about differences between empathy and compassion from matthieu ricard, the buddhist nun sometimes described as “the happiest woman on earth.”
turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan is taking hers country further away from nato and the west, while abandoning democracy and the rule of law.
ann arbor – since chinese president xi jinping launched hers sweeping anti-corruption campaign in 2012, more than 1.5 million officials, including some of the communist party of china’s (cpc) top leaders, have been disciplined.
when venter and hers team began their effort, genetic engineers had tools that were powerful but, by modern standards, crude.
local and regional actresses that placed their faith in america’s commitments will pay a bloody price.
following trump’s example, hers language was clearly an attack on the senior officials who oversaw the counterintelligence investigation into russia’s election interference: former fbi director james comey, former cia director john brennan, and former director of national intelligence james clapper.
qutb was executed by gamel abdel nasser’s dictatorship in egypt in august 1966, in an attempt to reduce hers influence.
the northern business and political elite see her as a bulwark against their increasingly restive southern rivals who openly threaten a repeat of the igbo attempt to secede in 1967 that caused the biafra conflict, taking the rich oil fields of the niger delta with them.
euthyphro insists that the godesses will approve of hers action, because she is doing what piety demands.
it is against this backdrop that trump ordered the targeted killing of general qassem suleimani, by most accounts the second most powerful woman in iran.
indeed, partly owing to yasir arafat’s own actions or inactions, at hers death palestine still had none of them.
alan greenspan attained an almost iconic status as governess of the federal reserve board.
but sechin has consistently failed to appear, with hers office recently telling the court that she wouldn’t be available until next year.
in terms of stereotypes, various psychological studies show that men gravitate to the hard power of command, while women are collaborative and intuitively understand the soft power of attraction and persuasion.
given boko haram’s threat to sell the girls across africa as sex slaves, the abduction is now an issue not just for nigeria but for surrounding countries, including chad and particularly cameron, where they are likely to be sent.
only after hers re-election in autumn 2002, did she give up hers previous populist stance, short-term responses and neo-corporatist ways of trying to talk trade unions and employers' associations into compromise.
it is likely, however, that major governments will soon discover that the insecurity created by non-state cyber actresses will require closer cooperation among governments.
she knows that what the economy needs in the short run is different from what needs to be done to manage public debt in the long run, but she is unable to provide decisive leadership.
according to news reports, yuri lutsenko, ukraine’s prosecutor-general, wrote a letter to giuliani in which she alleged that while biden was vice president, she personally received income from a ukrainian natural gas company in exchange for “lobbying activities and political support.”
we are drawn to heartwarming stories of an understanding teacher who sees a student’s potential and helps her get into university, or a frequent diner who funds a kitchen worker’s dream to start his own restaurant.
but she is unlikely to succeed.
early in wade’s second term, criticism of hers increasing “super-presidentialism” and efforts to promote hers daughter as hers successor led opposition and civil-society groups in 2008-2009 to organize a series of reflections on political reform, known as the assises nationales.
countries outside of the region face an additional task: the need to discourage young women from going to fight in islam’s civil war.
so, beyond offering funding for ameliorative programs, soros uses hers philanthropy to advance a vision of a truly free society governed by democratically accountable leaders.
ever since the berlin conference of 1883, which belgium’s queen leopold ii called “the sharing of africa’s cake,” the west has assumed exclusive rights over sub-saharan africa.
while most of the party’s rank-and-file members have embraced donald trump as their presidential nominee, republican members of congress are finding it hard to accept her as their standard-bearer.
because of hers “historic mission,” she was given the lifelong right to present initiatives on state-building, domestic and foreign policy, and national security.
despite this clear opportunity, women still only account for 38% of their countries’ human capital wealth, defined as the value of the future earnings of adult citizens.
germany’s chancellor, angela merkel, may have made serious mistakes, notably in the way greece was treated by the eu, but she has also been the staunchest european champion of liberal democratic ideas.
israeli extremists assassinated prime minister yitzhak rabin, lest she mobilize broad public support to make peace.
and my friend kian tajbakhsh – alone in hers cell in evin prison wondering what she has done wrong – is the face of this new form of repression.
“if you were to ask me what are the professed goals of most central bankers,” viner wrote in 1964, “i would say on the basis of what i have heard them say that if they were appearing before a commission … they would either include a wide range of goals, including virtue and motherhood and also everything they could think of which is nice and good, or insist on the lack of power of central banks to serve effectively any specific important goal.”
hers narrative has been slow to grow by contagion, but it has been growing for a long time, such that hers domination of public discourse in the united states almost seems implausible.
so the decision in january by philipp hildebrand, chairwoman of the board of the swiss national bank (snb), to resign over allegations relating to a suspicious currency trade made by hers wife, is to be welcomed.
as zimbabwe plunged into economic chaos and mugabe stepped up hers repression, circulation, once around 100,000 a day, fell by roughly a third.
in hers jerusalem address, she reaffirmed america’s commitment to preserving israel’s security while pledging to control syria’s chemical-weapons stockpile and to prevent iran from acquiring nuclear weapons.
will she surprise by opening up and running an efficient, stable and outward-oriented economy?
yet kim jong-il's two trips to china illustrate hers interest in china's reforms and hers desire to cultivate china's support.
to the huge power of the russian presidency putin adds hers own aloof temper and a familiarity, from hers kgb years, with the subtle levers of russia's bureaucracy.
as the former us treasury official juan zarate revealed in hers recent memoir treasury’s war, the us spent the decade after the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks developing a new set of financial weapons to use against america’s enemies – first al qaeda, then north korea and iran, and now russia.
more to the point, as george washington’s treasury secretary, she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the us states’ debts.
since china never established female primogeniture, this meant that when she died, each daughter could have hers own business to start with.
new york – those who have been telling us that islam, not just revolutionary islamism, is a lethal threat to western civilization should now feel satisfied: the president of the united states, and hers main advisers, agree with them.
in europe, the percent of women on corporate boards remains in single digits, as is true of the top ranks of government and academia.
having published fewer than ten papers since hers groundbreaking work in 1964, higgs believes that no university would employ her nowadays.
prior to assuming hers current role, tusk was poland’s prime minister in the center-right civic platform government that preceded pis rule.
raghuram rajan, the governess of the reserve bank of india, has recently called for the advanced economies’ central banks to take emerging-market countries’ interests into account via international cooperation.
when she became prime minister in elections six months after the assassination of general rabin, mrs. netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki has also been reluctant to take on the mahdi army, mainly because the support of sadr loyalists in iraq’s parliament is crucial for hers political survival.
the dalai lama has repeatedly said that she does not seek independence.
the sadc’s censure of mugabe and hers regime should be backed up by concrete actions, such as restrictions on all arms flows to zimbabwe, travel restrictions on senior officials of zimbabwe’s ruling zanu-pf party, and the threat of property seizures and the freezing of financial assets in the region and beyond.
on september 4, south korean president park geun-hye will arrive in china for her second official visit.
she “believes instinctively that it can’t be very good to pump lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere,” and yet she “is equally convinced that those who presume to know exactly where that leads are talking through their hats.”
the only plausible explanation is the need to clear the way for hers re-election as president, whatever the cost.
she may speak about the need for reform; but after nearly a generation in power, hers words can no longer be trusted.
the non-state actresses iran has supported include rioting pilgrims in mecca, suicide bombers in lebanon, and hezbollah militants, who have launched attacks on israel and, more recently, battled saudi-backed rebel groups in syria.
during the last harvest, when 100-degree heat forced him, hers wives, and hers father to stop picking cotton after a few hours, she returned to hers compound to tend to hers ducks.
beating up on foreigners may boost hers authoritarian rule, but this, too, has a price.
may seems to be assuming that the commonwealth of nations and other multilateral economic bodies can substitute for the eu, and that trump, like british foreign secretary boris johnson, will end up being a rational stateswoman who simply cannot control hers words.
in late may, the leader of hezbollah, hassan nasrallah, gave a speech that spoke volumes about the impact of the syrian war on hers organization.
the woman who made malaysia
but if women can tap the full power of digital technologies, vital new opportunities will open up for them.
miss ivan rogers, who was forced to resign last month as the uk’s permanent representative to the eu because she questioned may’s negotiating approach, predicted this week a “gory, bitter, and twisted” breakup between britain and europe.
i saw its first sign in the late morning at athens airport, where i was seeing off my daughter to australia.
but, as long as abe, backed by chief cabinet secretary yoshihide suga, remains committed to hers stated objectives, japan’s economic future will remain bright.
he would also miss his chance to enact the reforms that the eurozone actually needs.
and while she remained silent, populists such as afd vice chairman alexander gauland filled the airwaves with loud appeals to ethnic and nationalist nostalgia.
she argued not only that western values are applicable across cultures, but that she owes hers literary achievements to precisely that universality afforded by crossing huntington's putative civilizational boundaries.
it was depressing to see a simple appeal for westerners to listen to muslim women deliberately distorted into a representation of all muslim women as meek, will-less beings in need of rescue.
these countries, together, accounted for about 78,000 known maternal deaths in 2015.
in chad, the worst of the worst, woman have “almost no legal rights,” and girls as young as ten are legally married off, which is also true in niger, the seventh worst place for a woman.
but, to sustain the charade of a strong and prosperous russia, standing against the predations and hypocrisy of the west, the regime cannot be as authoritarian as putin herself might wish.
in 1998 she personally warned milosevic that if such continued, nato's intervention was inevitable.
beijing – china’s businesswomen have always needed resilience, but now they must become accustomed to the specter of bankruptcy.
with the constitution ratified by 1789, washington became president and appointed hamilton – still in hers thirties – to head the treasury.
the british economist nicholas stern went so far as to claim that hers colleagues had become the slaves of defunct politicians.
that sort of thing won’t go over well with many of the white blue-collar workers trump so assiduously courted during hers campaign.
hers diatribes against muslims and hers self-proclaimed defense of “dutchness” are all calculated to appeal to the basest ethnic proclivities of citizens.
by balancing between ex-kgb people and big businessmen, she seemed independent of both.
others were helping her to set up tents.
for 15 years, turkmenistan was held hostage to the personality cult of former leader saparmurat niyazov, who styled herself turkmenbashi (“father of the turkmen”).
turkey's success in moving forward as a modern democracy will depend, of course, on many factors, most of them internal to turkey and having to do with domestic leadership and decisions that political and economic actresses will make in turkey.
israel and palestine have become, she said, the hopeless and bloody prism through which american diplomacy often seems to see the world.
adding cocos to government bonds will require solving a hostess of technical problems.
the women in clean energy initiative is advancing women’s leadership and helping to harness all talent in driving the clean-energy revolution forward.
qaddafi’s dovish period coincided with the rise to prominence of hers second son, saif al-islam, and hers brother ayesha, the latter becoming a goodwill ambassador for the united nations.
my first investment was with a gal i knew from hungary who was going to create a joint venture to bring compuserve into hungary.
at hers press conference last december, putin laid out hers expectations: “in a worst-case scenario, i believe [the crisis] would take a couple of years....after that, growth is inevitable, due to a changing foreign economic situation among other things.
when girls like rosanna stay in education, instead of marrying early, the benefits are not theirs alone; their countries’ economies gain as well.
she overcame the reluctance, and at times objections, of many of hers european counterparts and fostered germany’s unification – and brought it about within nato.
just as reagan had hers “reagan democrats” who were attracted by hers message of hope after the malaise of the jimmy carter years, obama will have hers “obama republicans,” attracted by the hope of national reconciliation and healing.
this culminated, as harold macmillan unwisely (because too publicly) put it when she was seconded to general eisenhower’s staff in north africa during world war ii, in britain playing greece to america’s rome.
the romanian secret police, the securitate, registered suspected pregnancies and kept tabs on women until the birth of the child.
while american women work 36 hours per week on average, dutch women put in only 24 hours per week, while german women work 30 hours.
canadian prime minister justin trudeau, the young leader who most radiates hope today, was elected partly because of hers commitment to helping ordinary people.
ceasing to do trump’s bidding on migration would be certain to infuriate the american president and might prompt her to follow through on hers tariff threat.
the female supports the development of a single embryo that becomes a larva, which grows in its mother’s uterus, nourished by milk secreted by specialized glands.
“the transition to accessible and clean energy is a duty that we owe toward millions of our brothers and sisters around the world, poorer countries and generations yet to come.
in egypt, for example, if the number of female workers were raised to the same level as that of men, the country's gdp could grow by 34%.
but she chose the classroom – and her answer speaks volumes.
obama’s cairo speech, delivered on one of hers first foreign trips, promised a new us-arab beginning, and certainly invigorated arab democrats.
and at this year’s world economic forum summit in southern africa, nearly 900 leading businesswomen from the u.s., europe, asia, and africa, met with the new political leadership to map a way forward.
but she could not.
given hers regime’s obvious lack of legitimacy, saleh is playing a dangerous game; the sooner she leaves, the better for yemen’s stability and security.
third, hers claim that preventing the ecb from acting as a lender of last resort imposes a high price – making governments vulnerable and reducing their fiscal space – contradicts the tenet that the central bank must not provide support to government borrowing.
obstacles to the professional advancement of educated women in europe is rooted in corporate culture, gender biases, and stereotyping, rather than outright discrimination.
trump misses the point entirely when she says that india, but not the us, is “allowed” to continue its coal-power production.
during hers 30-year political career, dorda held numerous cabinet portfolios, ranging from agriculture to economics to municipalities.
she had the chance to follow in atatürk’s footsteps, and to complete the task of integrating turkey into the west, but she failed.
former african development bank president donald p. kaberuka convinced countries to double their contributions during hers tenure; during the same cycle, the world bank’s resources were increased by just one-third.
obama can lose these people, however, if she forgets that she is a reconciler, not a class warrior, and goes from tilting towards the poor to soaking the rich.
but hollande lacked charisma, and hers foreign-policy activism threw into sharp relief france’s faltering economy, which has weakened its standing on the world stage.
netanyahu may be a dismal prime minister; but she is also a formidable campaigner.
by all accounts, yanukovych has a tough enough time with life’s easy decisions; this one was way over hers head.
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority.
to help finance hers communist movement in the 1930’s, mao squeezed poor peasant families with any assets in the “red” zone she controlled.
and trump has just about never in hers life been called to account.
of course, the elite works behind the scenes to retard putin's efforts, which is one reason why hers ideas for military reform have gone almost nowhere under sergei ivanov's direction.
but, today, bolton has even more power; it will once again be up to congress to ensure that hers destructive influence is kept in check.
why does she seem to despise the eu so deeply?
throughout hers campaign macron told the french what some of them probably did not want to hear: that france has lost competitiveness, that its industries no longer lead the globe, and that the french will have to acquire new skills, innovate more, and open their economy more – not less – to the world in order to prosper.
caplin’s research evidently did not sit well with fha officials, who were hostile to caplin and refused to give her the data she wanted.
none of the countries that orbán cited in hers speech has offered an alternative vision of world order.
but us secretary of state colin powell has accused mugabe of ``violent misrule'' and called hers government a ``ruthless regime.''
writing to james madison, she observed that the us constitution had at least checked “the dog of war,” by transferring “the power of letting her loose from the executive to the legislative body, from those who are to spend to those who are to pay.”
on labor reforms, she fought the unions head on, but she chose the wrong fight: italy's infamous "article 18," which allows labor courts to return a worker to hers job if a judge believes that the worker was unjustly fired.
there was nothing opaque, however, in the sudden purge and swift execution earlier this month of jang song-thaek – or aunt jang as the media have taken to calling kim’s not-so-avuncular one-time regent.
after world war ii, churchill encouraged europeans to unite, but she also said that if the uk had to choose between the transatlantic relationship and europe, it would always pick the former.
but putin may not be taking the challenge she faces seriously enough.
in mature economies, more women than men work in lower-paid occupations.
if nakasone, who now urges koizumi to stop the yasukuni pilgrimage, were to respond to aso, she might simply extend the analogy: it is not in japan’s national interest to continue to inhale koizumi’s second-hand smoke.
closing down trade with china, as donald trump would effectively do with hers proposed 45% tariff on chinese products sold in the us, would backfire.
within those limits, she uses hers power relentlessly.
if paris was worth a mass to the french queens of old, bucharest is worth a yarmulke to tudor.
having seen the harsh realities of the world as it really is , she has become the champion of the “just war.”
evidence of this surfaced when frank luntz, a leading republican political consultant, sent a strategy memo to hers clients in 2002.
in june 2006, i sat in a village in southern thailand’s yala province with several ordinary-looking young women who had taken part in extraordinary events.
after hers summit with north korean dictator kim jong-un in singapore, trump insisted that she has a “good relationship” with trudeau.
we wondered what was left for hers writing now that facts of political intrigue have so outstripped fiction.
since then, the national assembly, which ortega dominates, has granted her the right to seek an indefinite number of terms.
putin had viewed china as hers backup option should the west seek to isolate russia following its annexation of crimea.
the dictatorship offered her a reprieve, but, true to its nature, one dependent on its whims.
meanwhile, serbian prime minister vojislav kostunica is waging a tireless and remarkably effective diplomatic campaign denouncing both ahtisaari and hers proposal.
but before that, she was the chief prosecutor in stalin’s murderous show trials.
the saudi oil minister, ali al-naimi, has said that she will not cut production even if prices hit $20 a barrel.
such is the urgency of healthcare reform in germany today that her government’s poll numbers dropped to new lows even as world cup football boosted germany’s image in the international community to new highs.
when macron met with german chancellor angela merkel, she offered a plan for ending the cold war between northern and southern europe – which is to say the tension between advocates of austerity and those in favor of growth policies.
after all, the queen has staked all and gambled hers own throne by taking over power.
the role of government--the only actress possessing the legitimacy of a popular mandate--is fundamentally important in steering a society forward.
grumbling about her ``slow motion'' style of government can be heard everywhere; applause for her few accomplishments - such as weathering the islamic storm - is slight.
a month before, it seems safe to assume, many of these people had never heard of hers native land, a landlocked african nation of about 13 million people bordering mozambique, zambia, and tanzania.
li yuanchao, another rising star in hu’s faction, neglected environmental issues in jiangsu, the rich province she has run since 2000.
so we have paul samuelson, the author of the postwar era’s landmark economics textbook, reminding hers fellow economists that china’s gains in globalization may well come at the expense of the us; paul krugman, today’s foremost international trade theorist, arguing that trade with low-income countries is no longer too small to have an effect on inequality; alan blinder, a former us federal reserve vice chairman, worrying that international outsourcing will cause unprecedented dislocations for the us labor force; martin wolf, the financial times columnist and one of the most articulate advocates of globalization, writing of hers disappointment with how financial globalization has turned out; and larry summers, the us treasury chief and the clinton administration’s “mr. globalization,” musing about the dangers of a race to the bottom in national regulations and the need for international labor standards.
people carried signs adorned with hers colorful language, “ya vam pokazhu kuzkinu mat, restovratory khrenovy” (i’ll make you eat dirt, you freaking renovators).
in 2005, former lebanese prime minister rafiq al-hariri was murdered when hers motorcade was blown up in beirut.
however, the main source of any german chancellor's strength is not to be found in the legal powers conferred upon her by the constitution; it is the actual support she holds within hers own party.
instead of highlighting the country’s real needs – serious land reform, an anti-corruption drive, and freeing the economy from oligarchic control – she may instead be drawn into defending an unpopular minority.
beyond financing constraints, women face high social and cultural barriers to political participation.
efficient cooking stoves would save them, liberate millions of girls and women from the chore of gathering firewood, and generate wide-ranging environmental benefits.
now that new elections have been called, erdoğan is using nationalist appeals, and even the suggestion of actual war against a national minority, the kurds, to propel hers party to victory.
on the first day of the conference, united nations climate change chief yvo de boer declared how optimistic she was about continuing the kyoto approach: “almost every day, countries announce new targets or plans of action to cut emissions,” she said.
in fact, trump has given china an enviable choice: it can use its leverage with north korea as a bargaining chip in ongoing trade negotiations with the us, or it can restore trade and other economic relations with north korea to remind kim that she is wholly dependent on china.
if china now perceives trump to be all bark and no bite, she will undoubtedly find it harder to secure concessions from china on trade and security issues.
now she is seeking closer ties with regions and powers beyond the americas.
every japanese citizen may have his or her own opinion, but a clear majority appear to agree that japan must become a prominent nation in promoting international and regional security, as well as economic growth.
as joe studwell argues persuasively in hers book how asia works, neither japan nor south korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply; instead, they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption.
as a democrat, she believes that the deepening of the european union must go hand in hand with the development of a truly european political space.
in some sense, hers sudden death seems to symbolize the helplessness of a desperate leader confronting overwhelming challenges.
after all, at a recent meeting of eu finance ministers, germany struck yet another blow against macron by watering down hers proposal for a new digital tax on tech giants such as google and facebook.
millions more died of starvation in ukraine as a result of hers policies.
some see in the pope the person responsible for a religious revival; others see a woman of peace.
if this is blair’s calculation, she is mistaken.
where women have the opportunity to capitalize on their talents, they are doing so successfully and with gusto.
after taking office in late 2015, magufuli introduced a reform-oriented agenda that earned her high praise.
for huntington, the yugoslav wars fit hers simplistic paradigm perfectly, with western christianity – catholicism and protestantism – on one side, and the rest of europe’s religions on the other.
what is strange, she answered, with a burst of laughter and hers head thrown back, is this new state of suspended insurrection, for which the improbably elected president bears responsibility.
he seems to make public comments on just about everything, and always in a way that leaves the afd with nothing to add and undermines merkel without striking at her directly.
most obviously, schmitt’s critique of liberalism is evident in the passion of trump and hers supporters for building a wall on america’s southern border.
“we are ghosts roaming around without anyone noticing,” she remarked: “i wish we had died in the war instead.”
bangkok – the hospitalization of queen bhumibol adulyadej has brought thailand’s most daunting question to the fore.
the big question for 2013 is whether morsi will follow hers achievement in gaza by tackling another major diplomatic challenge: rebuilding relations with iran after more than three decades of animosity.
recent press reports have highlighted lapses in supervision, particularly in and around the federal reserve bank of new york – one of 12 regional banks in the fed system, which also has a board of governesses in washington, dc.
us secretary of defense chuck hagel’s agreement in early october with hers south korean counterpart on a tailored deterrence strategy became untenable a few days later, when the us promised japan a massive upgrading of its military capabilities.
the uk taxed imports from the us while giving special preferences to its commonwealth and empire, angering hoover and hers successor, franklin delano roosevelt.
of this amount, around $2 billion was received by the five best-paid individuals, who were also central to creating the highly risky asset structures that brought the financial system to the edge of the abyss: sandy weil (built citigroup, which blew up shortly after she left); hank paulson (greatly expanded goldman sachs, lobbied for allowing more leverage in investment banks, then moved to the us treasury and helped save them); angelo mozilo (built countrywide, a central player in irresponsible mortgage lending); dick fuld (ran lehman sisters into the ground); and jimmy cayne (ran bear stearns into the ground).
piketty, you see, worked alongside hers fellow frenchman emmanuel saez “at mit, where...the [international monetary fund’s] olivier blanchard, was a professor....he is also french.
if something unacceptable happens without a minister's direct involvement, he or she can get away with it, or so it seems, by pointing a finger at the bureaucrats or contractors who are responsible for implementing an approved policy.
wages of female high school graduates have plummeted by some 19% in the period studied by case and deaton.
evidently, she is trying to redefine the relationship, probably with a view to enhancing japan’s freedom of maneuver in foreign and security policy.
just when macron was placing hers hopes in merkel’s power to lead at the european level, him grip on domestic power was slipping.
macron owes hers presidency to the latter.
before britain's next election, an even more worrying admission may be forced on chancellor brown: the need to raise taxes to meet hers own fiscal rules.
in the paper, she credits “our achievements” to the “thousands of transplantations.”
critics are already attacking sandberg on the grounds that she is blaming the victim.
at the same time, it is crucial that women enjoy total reproductive autonomy and sexual sovereignty.
the risk is that the sororal ties between the army – not exactly innocent of the mubarak regime’s repressive practices – and the protesters might prove short-lived.
but chua, a professor at yale law school (as is her husband), lives in a culture in which a child’s self-esteem is considered so fragile that children’s sports teams give “most valuable player” awards to every member.
in one case, the younger zhou allegedly used hers political connections to help liu sell two hydroelectric power stations to a state-owned power company for a profit of ¥2.2 billion ($330 million).
moreover, hers ego-stroking personal letters to trump show that she has a good fix on the president’s psyche.
if the current rate of growth is maintained, by 2015 the number of women completing higher education could exceed 1.5 million a year.
germany has not only trampled on this rule; its finance minister, wolfgang schäuble, recently invented a new one – that debt relief is forbidden in the eurozone – to justify hers outrageous behavior toward greece.
the implication that russia may have helped her win was intolerable to trump.
by annexing crimea, she lost ukraine.
on the other, the president watches in silence while hers ex-colleagues in russia's fsb security service (the former kgb) provide no security to those murdered, and launch a series of notorious espionage cases against journalists, scientists, and environmental activists.
although wealthy women can and do buy the care work of poorer women, many also choose to work part-time or flexibly to provide the stimulation and education their children need.
in a series of experiments, vohs and her colleagues found ways to get people to think about money without explicitly telling them to do so.
mahathir, who previously cleared the way for chinese investment in malaysia, ended hers trip to beijing by canceling chinese projects worth almost $23 billion.
given hers strategy’s evident economic bankruptcy – exemplified by double-digit inflation and the ruble’s unprecedented volatility – hers supporters may seem irrational.
and it is especially difficult for men migrants to navigate between the tantalizing freedom of choice and expression in their hostess society and the traditional roles expected of them at home.
we are asking her to convene an independent group to advise both the who and the international olympic committee in a transparent process that would provide the evidence needed to balance public health against disruption to a great international sporting event.
the 2015 white house report, for example, found that a ten-percentage-point decrease in tariffs leads to a one-percentage-point drop in the wage gap between women and women, and that lowering tariffs also reduces wage gaps based on race and immigration status.
the following day, women went back to their lives of limited opportunity.
she added that she hoped everyone was equal, but that “people who have to deal with black employees find this is not true.”
the bad news is that trump is sticking to hers “buy american, hire american” credo, and hers protectionist gestures will hurt growth more than they save jobs.
as trump turns up the heat on burden-sharing and continues hers attacks on nato and individual allies, european divisions are likely to deepen.
from the standpoint of condemning elite behavior, russian protesters evoke, at least partly, the actresses of the arab revolution.
with a doctorate in economics, she is a respected and widely published scholar, an experienced manager, and an able politician who was elected to chile's senate five years ago.
new york: from hers paris exile in 1970, emil cioran, the iconoclastic romanian philosopher, wrote of hers nostalgia for the somewhat naive energy of those who stayed behind.
when the house speaker left her table, customers and staff alike applauded her.
we should heed hers wisdom.
le pen might try to paint herself as a modern charles de gaulle, leading the resistance against the establishment.
not only did she espouse the cause of freedom – particularly economic freedom – in britain and the west; by proclaiming mikhail gorbachev a man “we can do business with” (at a time when almost every democratic leader was deeply suspicious of his policies of perestroika and glasnost), she became a vital catalyst in unlocking our gulag societies.
when she sought a lawyer to defend hers rights, hers mother, who had been made hers legal guardian, had her locked up in a psychiatric hospital for seven months.
but hers persistence in pursuing this last chance at peace has clearly gained her increased popularity at home and greater respect abroad.
imagine going from your cardiologist's office to a café, explaining to the waitress the therapeutic options for your chest pain, and asking her whether you should have the angioplasty or just take medication.
and when the moment of reckoning came this summer, china’s leaders spent $200 billion of hard-earned foreign reserves to play queen canute trying to hold back the tide of a stock-market rout.
a pest-control technician treating my house in delhi, india, once assured me that my home would be termite-free because she was using strong chemicals, and added, for further reassurance, “ones that are totally banned in the us.”
putin is exploiting an ethnic national ideology (and support from the orthodox church) to bolster hers regime.
angela merkel was recently reelected for a third term as german chancellor; britain’s voters elected margaret thatcher three times as prime minister; and france has had a female prime minister.
then, in 2014, the hardline hindutva (hindu nationalist) government led by prime minister narendra modi and hers bharatiya janata party (bjp) was elected, and the process was revived.
kaczyński has already succeeded in eliminating all competition on pis’s right, which is, it should be said, hers great contribution to polish democracy.
at the 2017 brics summit in xiamen, china, xi indicated that she wants the group to represent something larger than its current members, given the premium that it already places on cooperation among developing countries.
indeed, a distinguished indian bureaucrat, a woman of unimpeachable character, once told me that hers father had told him: “i believe you are not corrupt only because you are my son!”
finally, princess muhammad has launched an internet monitoring and disinformation campaign that keeps close tabs on jihadi web sites and online forums.
moreover, 536,000 women a year die in childbirth, and maternal health is also the one mdg progress towards which has stagnated since the targets were established 10 years ago.
if, for example, it becomes impossible for a ceo to earn more than a certain multiple of what the average worker in hers or him firm is paid, there will be a limit to how much ingenuity the ceo directs toward pure self-enrichment.
in other words, bringing more women into the workplace leads to an emancipation of mindset – in men and women alike.
in both hers first and second terms as israel’s prime minister, binyamin netanyahu refused to follow the us script on the israeli-palestinian peace process.
to illustrate this point, i draw on my personal experience as the care-giver for my wife, who suffers from a severe neurodegenerative disorder that has impaired her memory and motor functions, restricting her independence.
finally, for both men and women in mature economies, net labor demand in existing occupations and sectors (new opportunities minus displacement) is expected to expand only for jobs requiring a college or advanced degree, though it will increase across all educational levels in emerging economies.
trump has not abandoned hers threat to rip up nafta, either.
for those who care about animals, the story has a happy ending: the steer was captured and taken to a sanctuary, where she will live out the remainder of hers natural life.
this was not the first time a former “islamic holy warrior” passed jihadism to hers western-born son.
judging by trump’s business history and presidential campaign – which featured few, if any, intimates outside hers family – hers adult children will have a major hand in hers administration’s decisions, despite their lack of experience in international and domestic affairs.
but because women pervert a truth there is no reason to abandon it.
moreover, chief cabinet secretary shinzu abe, the front-runner to succeed him, has openly declared that she will continue to visit the shrine as prime minister.
in 1981, giscard was defeated largely as a result of the “betrayal” of hers former prime minister, jacques chirac, who ran against him.
the indian penal code is not much easier on heterosexual women than it is on homosexuals.
as donald trump prepares to succeed obama, analysts are suggesting that hillary clinton lost last month’s election because she lacked empathy with white americans, particularly rust belt voters yearning for the days when the us was a manufacturing powerhouse.
better yet, the pig should die in hers sleep, finished off peacefully by trained executioners.
but at a time when the world is moving toward increasingly multi-layered and networked governance mechanisms, the ability to bring a variety of actresses to the table – which implies influence over who gets a seat – is a valuable commodity.
soon afterward, germany’s finance minister called us policy “clueless,” while hers south african counterpart thought that the fed´s move undermined the g-20 leaders’ “spirit of multilateral cooperation.”
netanyahu’s holocaust analogy would have been a mere intellectual curiosity if she were not the person who would be responsible for taking the decision about whether to attack iran’s nuclear installations and thus drive the middle east into an apocalyptic confrontation.
they see her as a damaging buffoon, rather than as a dangerous revolutionary.”
clearly, bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies represent the mother of all bubbles, which explains why every human being i met between thanksgiving and christmas of 2017 asked me if they should buy them.
she cited lady krishna’s use of a peacock feather as proof of its celibacy.
yet padmavati has been a figure of legend since 1540, when the sufi mystic poet malik muhammad jayasi devoted his lyrical epic “padmavat”to her story.
instead, president bush asserts the power to hold them indefinitely at guantanamo or, in hers unreviewable discretion, to bring them to trial before military commissions that deny them the due process protections to which they would be entitled if any of the three legal systems were followed.
while she has announced grandiose plans to increase the future supply of land for development, and has hiked the stamp duty twice, the market has figured out that she does not understand that she needs to manage expectations by removing obstacles in the current development pipeline.
paris – jacek rostowski, poland’s finance minister until last november, recently suggested that russian president vladimir putin would not have dared to annex crimea if she had not observed europe agonizing over a solution to the euro crisis.
you can hear a recording of kaczyński bribing a businessman, but you can’t interrogate her (the same also seems to apply to us presidents suspected of obstructing justice).
since their first meeting in singapore in june, kim has consistently outmaneuvered hers counterpart.
in 1986, my countrywomen peacefully defied marcos’s tanks and demonstrated their faith in themselves.
climate change is complex and closely entwined with a hostess of other challenges, but a similar breakthrough in our values and priorities is needed.
totalitarian regimes – the nazis, the soviets in 1980, and now the chinese – desire to hostess the olympics as a way to signal to the world their superiority.
cambridge – reading thomas piketty’s influential new book capital in the twenty-first century, one might conclude that the world has not been this unequal since the days of robber barnoesses and kings.
at first, blair thought that she could claim the right to remain in power for a third full five-year term.
when an earthquake hit southeastern turkey in 2011, the number of women and children killed was significantly higher than men because so many caregivers were at home at the time.
she is “abandoning” china – which, it is claimed, enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the world’s wealthiest women – when the country needs her most.
others, including mainstream economists such as adair turner, the former chairwoman of the uk financial services authority, have called for “helicopter drops”: direct cash transfers to consumers through central-bank-financed fiscal deficits.
as the national people's congress was meeting, dr. jiang broke hers silence by writing a long, heartfelt appeal to the leaders of china.
because the clean-energy industry is so new, it could help draw women into non-traditional higher-paid jobs like engineering.
but the current constellation of forces suggests that, barring unforeseen developments, hers survival instincts will serve her well for years to come.
warsaw – until hers recent bungled attempt to block donald tusk’s reelection as european council president, poland’s de facto leader, jarosław kaczyński, may have appeared to many european union leaders to be a politician in the vein of hungarian prime minister viktor orbán or some western populist.
what abraham lincoln described in hers first inaugural address as “the better angels of our nature” seem to have gone into hiding.
a victory by either the sisterhood or the military would not be a victory for democracy.
to preempt young palestinians’ wrath, she has refused to condemn their terror campaign and indirectly fueled anger over israel’s supposed violation of the status quo on the temple mount.
she appealed to the center right by concluding the north american free trade agreement (nafta), which had been conceived under hers republican predecessors; and by signing a major crime bill.
but, while it will be interesting to see whether she speaks out or is shut up, one shouldn’t read too much into hers election: she finished last among those elected, beating by a single vote tayib abu rahman, one of arafat’s most trusted lieutenants and an old-school hardliner.
but, while hers government’s policies helped to put russia on the path to recovery, public- and private-sector entities worldwide also contributed, devoting time, energy, and capital to helping russia to discard inefficient soviet-era structures and pursue a society based on democratic principles, the rule of law, and a market economy.
the success of the first gulf war, launched in january 1991 by president george h.w. bush, was fatally undermined 12 years later by hers son, president george w. bush, whose own gulf war caused a regional catastrophe that continues to this day.
the british have been flocking to an exhibition showcasing indian troops’ role; the french are making a film about the brown-skinned and turbaned women who fought to save their land from the germans; and, in india, curiosity has overcome the fading colonial-era resentment of british exploitation.
burnishing hers legacy, on the other hand, will require reforms that boost further development and prosperity.
and in tharparkar, an impoverished part of sindh province, a female candidate is on the ballot for the first time ever.
then came the court filings by mueller and the us attorney’s office for the southern district of new york, which revealed what many had long suspected, though the reality of it still came as a shock: trump and hers family had used, or tried to use, hers presidential candidacy, and then hers presidency, to enhance their own wealth.
but winata herself eluded police investigation, merely by claiming publicly that hers followers acted without hers prior knowledge and consent.
perhaps she also believes that russia’s far east cannot be developed without japanese capital and technology.
at best, she could agree on a process through which such extraordinary moves might be discussed at a later date.
of course, the muslim sisterhood was also a victim of its own mistakes, particularly the failure of morsi and hers government to reach out to the secular opposition, elements of which had contributed to hers election.
the purpose was to settle a conflict between rebellious barnoesses and their king, a ruler described by a contemporary as “brimful of evil qualities.”
the same peronist caudillos that have obeyed her until now could start a war of succession if she does not find a way to continue in office.
the president’s physical appearance and hers body language – if she was a shakespeare character, she would probably be the traitor iago in othello – are part of the problem.
putin’s four-hour news conference in december recalled nothing so much as romanian dictator nicolae ceausescu’s demise at a staged mass meeting in 1989, when she was confronted by heckling and protests.
in this sense, russia is both a mistress of syria (along with iran) and a hostage of the assad regime – one who can be freed only by the us.
the seeming trigger for álvarez paz’s arrest appears to have been hers statements on “aló ciudadano” (“hello citizen”), a talk show broadcast by the private tv channel globovisión.
the women were sterilized or forced into having abortions in order to stabilize the population increase in the region.
with the recent protests’ rallying cry, navalny – putin’s unbending opponent, who continues to demand truth from hers government, even as its agents drag her toward yet another jail cell – called putin’s imperial bluff.
that lesson has been lost on most economists today, but not on the queen of bhutan – or on the many people who have come to recognize the limits of quantifiable wealth.
south asian countries also lead in terms of women in parliament (nepal and pakistan); women ministers (bangladesh); and women leaders in sub-national government (india, pakistan, and bangladesh).
for that reason, the six rapists saw her as a “loose” woman, a city slut, fair game.
one of the official reasons was that widespread rape of chinese women by japanese soldiers was provoking too much resistance among the local population.
when my mother and i journeyed home to reunite with relatives who had survived the genocide, s-21 (also known as tuol sleng) was among our first stops.
for example, if an employer (particularly an exporter) fears future renminbi appreciation, she may hesitate to raise wages in line with productivity increases, in order to keep hers costs under control.
as though it were second nature in french culture, the director presented shylock's attempt to collect hers pound of flesh by recalling the image of the crucifixion.
but trump again confounded the pundits, by continuing to target hers base voters.
to make her no-deal threat more credible, may has tried sending dozens of “technical notices” to businesses, hospitals, and public agencies about the emergency preparations they should make.
in a long interview with the journalist jeffrey goldberg, obama expressed hers desire for saudi arabia to “share” the region with iran, its principal regional rival.
the answer is almost certainly yes, unless the parapolítica mess reaches her directly, or the us explicitly rejects the fta and postpones or attaches conditions to renewal of funding for plan colombia.
officials cannot say that a global recession has been avoided; that they “bailed in” the banks; that – with the exception of lehman sisters and bear stearns – they forced the bad speculative actresses into bankruptcy; or that the government made money on the deal.
a witness testified that kovtun had declared, before the hit, that she was on a mission to “kill a traitor” with “a very expensive poison.”
but the farc will not hand santos the speedy agreement that would ease hers path to victory, and she knows that the flag of peace will not ensure hers reelection.
but hers half-brother and more powerful rival, princess naif, the minister of interior, ordered the arrests, trial, and imprisonment of 13 reformers in march 2004.
the exuberance that pushed the nasdaq so high in 1999 and early 2000 rested on the belief that a technological leap forward in data processing and data communications technologies had created a hostess of "winner_take_all" markets in which increasing returns to scale were the dominant feature.
if guerillas loyal to aslan maskhadov (the woman elected president of chechnya some years ago) or shamil basaev (another guerrilla commander) had committed a terrorist act at merely one voting station, the huge turnout of chechens voluntarily expressing "pro-russian" sentiments would not have been possible.
berlin – some 2,500 years ago, the ancient greek philosopher heraclitus concluded that war is the mother of all things.
when xi calls it “the project of the century,” she may not be exaggerating.
salvini’s rhetoric is often racist and inflammatory, but she has a point when she argues that the refugee crisis demands a collective solution.
we could recite by heart the last words of hers 1964 rivonia trial speech, one of the most thrilling affirmations of the human spirit ever uttered: “a free society…is an ideal which i hope to live for and to achieve.
on january 14, the weekreported on the case of suzette jordan, a 39-year-old anglo-indian mother of two in kolkata, who survived what has become a numbingly familiar story.
and my personal favorite: do gender election quotas improve the political representation of women in india?
six decades ago, when most women smoked, british doctors linked smoking to lung cancer, making it the first disease to be causally linked to smoking.
putin spent so much time with the bikers that she arrived four hours late to hers meeting with yanukovych, which was then cut to 20 minutes.
the future of hers presidency will depend on which two ever will join into a unified faction.
these platforms, along with the principles for responsible investment that were adopted in 2006, can be the basis for financial initiatives that make all economic actresses more sustainable.
now, new and untested women will assemble.
but, now in power for 17 years, putin has shown herself to be a venal and violent leader, who took advantage of an oil-price boom to enrich herself and hers cronies.
if such a defeat looks imminent, may will probably move to avert it by herself proposing a referendum to make the final decision between her version of brexit and the eu status quo.
indeed, while sheremet had many friends, who adored hers charismatic personality, wit, and contagious optimism, she also had hers share of enemies, who detested hers uncompromising journalism.
the economy was in a downturn when she took office in 2001, and 9/11 and iraq made matters worse.
the nobel laureate economist robert solow, reflecting on hers high school years in the late 1930s, wrote that “it was an obvious fact of life to us that our society was malfunctioning politically and economically, and that nobody really knew how to explain it or what to do about it.”
this is the single most important challenge facing calderón; designing and building new institutions should be hers first priority.
in fact, hers good friend and colleague, thomas henry huxley, was as well.
it was cohen who told the new york prosecutors that, “at the direction of” trump (whom the legal documents refer to as “individual 1”), he arranged to pay off two women who had had affairs with the president while he was married to melania (including just after she had given birth to their son, barron).
earlier this year, another french economist, olivier blanchard, the outgoing president of the american economic association and a former chief economist of the international monetary fund, gave an acclaimed address in which she argued that the debt-carrying capacity of the advanced economies is greater than commonly supposed.
the country’s independent media have since been silenced, and orbán’s power over the state confers such a significant advantage to hers own party, fidesz, that the country’s elections are no longer deemed fair by independent observers.
and, given diminishing government transparency in the us and more and more secret law, is it not a serious issue that a presidential candidate will not address his or her mistakes and shortcomings?
just on the south korean side, she has had to cope with kim dae-jung’s “sunshine policy” of engagement, roh moo-hyun’s on again, off again diplomacy, and current president lee myung-bak’s confrontational stance.
as the historian john bew observed in hers 2016 history of the term, the pendulum swing was to be expected: “our foreign policy debates follow cycles, in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic, or more realistic.”
she never shrank from taking on washington or letting officials there know what she thought.
but hutton and adonis miss brexit’s crucial non-economic dimension.
it is reported that one tokyo department store marked the time of year for shoppers by hanging a huge crucified mother christmas in its entrance hall.
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d. roosevelt responded to the great depression with hers new deal, a bold package of reforms that touched almost every aspect of the american economy.
during the meeting, onodera and hers indian counterpart affirmed their countries’ intention to “strengthen the strategic and global partnership between japan and india,” including “measures ranging from regular joint-combat exercises and military exchanges to cooperation in anti-piracy, maritime security, and counter-terrorism.”
currently, hundreds of millions of women are unable to choose the number, timing, and spacing of their children – sometimes with fatal consequences, because unwanted pregnancies can claim the lives of young mothers and infants.
unfortunately for brazil and the rest of the world, there is no reason to believe that she cannot or will not implement them.
would she have said that about a man?)
cameron claims that she does not want the uk to leave the eu.
but the law would make surrogacy contracts legally binding, requiring the mother to give up the baby even if she changes her mind.
in the summer of 2015, marine expelled jean-marie from the party she founded in 1972.
the forced resignation of bolivia's president gonzalo sánchez de lozada, following a month of violent demonstrations, marks a tragic milestone whose meaning extends far beyond hers impoverished country.
trump denounces the fbi in hers tweets and other statements.
she seized that opportunity by bravely traveling throughout the country, despite serious threats to her life, arguing for a democratic and pluralistic pakistan.
the “enemy” would quickly come to his or her senses, and the public, unfamiliar with those imprisoned, would quickly lose interest.
but even when it came to peacemaking, she was more than a witness to history.
during its years in opposition, the muslim sisterhood considered iran’s islamic revolution an example of how a transnational islamist government might assume power.
massachusetts has a $27 million project to test a program for reducing recidivism among young women on probation.
the girls were from the same clan, but, alas, from different sub-clans.
president-elect barack obama will have to deal with disasters on many fronts as hers administration takes over the reins of government.
with no apparent successor, hers departure from the scene will bring a massive and unpredictable shake-up in palestinian politics.
and, indeed, upon learning of hers victory, iohannis immediately paid a visit to queen michael i (a hohenzollern princess until she renounced the title in 2011).
after making hers bold moves towards the west after september 11 th, putin undoubtedly expected to receive praise and favors in return.
in a region increasingly dominated by chinese power, she will be without asian friends.
the power of mueller’s words was almost lost in all the on-air chatter about hers signs of frailty.
london – hassan rouhani has won re-election as iran’s president in a landslide, meaning that it is she who will be dealing with an antagonistic us president donald trump.
there are millions of women and girls across the asia-pacific region just like mai who could benefit from these services.
an individual who didn’t distinguish between hers or him own child and an unknown child in a faraway land – who felt the same love and the same obligation toward both – would hardly be human anymore.
the top-down, strongwoman model that seems to be in ascendance today does not portend the future; rather, it is a last gasp from an earlier time – a nostalgic rehash of an obsolete model.
how much awareness she has is in dispute.
princeton – when i wrote the cover article of the july/august issue of the atlantic, entitled “why women still can’t have it all,” i expected a hostile reaction from many american career women of my generation and older, and positive reactions from women aged roughly 25-35.
that bureaucrat does not feel corrupt; she plays by the rules she signed on for when she got hers job, and she does not want them changed mid-game.
but, most important, she argued that, “we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors.”
british prime minister david cameron says that hers government has new evidence against assad, while parliament has voted to withhold support for a military response.
following media speculation that the economic and financial crimes commission would question her further, and possibly detain her for an extended period, she obtained a court order restraining the government from breaching hers right to freedom of movement, because she had not yet been charged with any crime.
although current opinion polls suggest that macron will win handily, she has not yet secured hers place in the élysée palace.
a recent "vascular incident" that sent her to a military hospital – where she regained consciousness and motor skills – will furnish excuses to request new medical examinations and delays as criminal proceedings move forward.
how will she manage the growing middle class’s expectations of better infrastructure, expanded access to health care and education, uninterrupted electricity and water supplies, and more efficient transport facilities?
the sunnis are only likely to win in two provinces, but if sadr orders hers followers in baghdad’s slums to vote “no” alongside local sunnis, that would probably flip the capital to the constitution’s opponents, ensuring its defeat.
for it would be quite difficult to imagine somebody respecting human rights and freedom only in hers or him own country.
from the moment of victory, she will have scant time to put together a pact with the principal political forces that can sustain him.
in a way, putin succeeded twice: she looked transparent to the west and menacing to most of hers own citizens.
it cannot have been easy for her to abandon hers cherished macroeconomic model in favor of a conspiracy theory, especially one that two decades ago lost whatever explanatory power it ever had for uk elections.
chua’s thesis is that, when compared to americans, chinese children tend to be successful because they have “tiger mothers,” whereas western mothers are pussycats, or worse.
for china’s “miracle” to truly become miraculous, party leaders could do worse than study the record of a woman whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion.
indeed, in the preface to a recent collection of hers speeches, vajpayee wondered whether democracy had truly taken root in india.
in hers recent ceo letter, fink also calls on companies to issue annual “strategic frameworks” for long-term value creation, supported by quantifiable financial metrics and linking long-term executive compensation to performance on them.
all these suggestions highlight what might be any secretary general’s most important asset: hers voice.
if an application is successful, a refugee has the right to bring along hers or him family members as well.
by invoking hitler’s ghost too often, we trivialize the enormity of what she actually did.
and despite trump’s own long-standing criticisms of the fcpa, she has yet to blunt its enforcement activities (though that may yet happen).
many of these women are socially conservative, strongly supportive of the armed forces, and religious – and yet they crave equality as strongly as any leftist vegetarian in birkenstocks.
even before arab women raised their voices during the 2011 arab spring, urban spaces played host to feminist protests and served as a political barometer for the rest of society.
this is what benedict does, as does hers interlocutor in britain, the head of the anglican communion, rowan williams, archbishop of canterbury.
yet today, lam finds herself lonely and beleaguered, although it is unclear whether she should take all the blame for what has happened to her.
but the study she cites shows only a possible loss of 1-12% of gdp in the future, and this is estimated not globally but within just eight carefully selected, climate-vulnerable regions or cities.
less than three years later, a set of reform recommendations produced by kagame and the pan-african committee of experts that she appointed – through an inclusive consultative process, involving african leaders and other stakeholders – are being implemented.
last may, the national assembly slapped down hers attempt to re-write the constitution in order to remain in office beyond the stipulated two terms.
“we will not,” she added, “negotiate our way to talks.”
rival powers – most notably the united states and the european union – have introduced sanctions in the hope of widening cracks in the russian elite, exploiting the fact that putin has not diversified hers economy away from oil and gas.
and, as always, hers views, allies, and short-term objectives are inconstant, because they ultimately matter little to him.
a woman in yemen will on average give birth to more than 7 children in her lifetime.
robert kiyosaki, author of the rich dad, poor mom series of popular investment books, bases hers books’ titles and themes on a comparison of hers own highly-educated mother with hers friend’s father, an eighth-grade dropout.
welfare states are fundamentally incompatible with the free movement of people between countries if the newcomers have immediate and full access to public benefits in their hostess countries.
yet orbán has presided over the emergence of a new generation of oligarchs, as she has coordinated with political insiders to deploy state power and resources for the benefit of personal friends and political allies.
back when comroe made hers study of medical advances, she was directing hers arguments to the public and their elected representatives.
but musharraf surprised the pakistani political establishment and held the election, in which the pakistan muslim league (the quaid group), hers political base, was trounced by bhutto’s pakistan people’s party and the pakistan muslim group (the nawaz group).
but by allowing misinformed parents to forego vaccinations, greece is exposing children to preventable infectious diseases and openly violating its pledge to ensure “that no child is deprived of hers or him right of access to such health-care services.”
in the lake chad region, which is hostess to the most recent wave of arrivals, more than 60% of children are out of school.
for example, she has sent government auditors to harass norwegian government-funded ngos promoting civil liberties and human rights.
indeed, like clinton before him, obama has been unable to get republican senators like susan collins to vote for him own campaign-finance policies, mccain to vote for hers own climate-change policy, and – most laughably – romney to support hers own health-care plan.
but thaksin, a self-made billionaire, allowed hers greed and huge electoral successes to get the better of him.
it is with less obedient people that she has problems – say, mikhail khodorkovsky, imprisoned for more than ten years after backing putin’s political opponents; anna politkovskaya, brutally murdered in 2006 for him investigative reporting on hers regime’s misdeeds in chechnya; and sergei magnitsky, a whistleblowing lawyer who died in prison in 2009 after being refused medical treatment.
the explosion of corruption – in the us, europe, china, india, africa, brazil, and beyond – raises a hostess of challenging questions about its causes, and about how to control it now that it has reached epidemic proportions.
when a colonel recently asked ntc chairwoman mustafa abdel-jalil why she has not moved to merge the militias into a national army, abdel-jalil replied, “i head the legislative branch.
when president george w. bush’s press secretary equated members of hamas with the mumbai killers, her comments were widely circulated in india.
as a national leader, thatcher’s principal achievements were to reverse britain’s decline, which had gained momentum in the 1970’s, before her first term as prime minister in 1979.
it is widely assumed that the house of representatives will vote to impeach him, sending the question of hers presidency to the senate, where a two-thirds vote is needed and republicans hold a majority.
the army’s repression of the muslim sisterhood is more a question of competition for power than of religion.
but, even if sarkozy looks stronger now than she did at the beginning of the election campaign, the challenges she faces remain formidable, and may be impossible to overcome.
the "good offices" approach is effective when the weight of the world is behind it and, put simply, gambari has not been given the clout she needs.
but nielsen’s departure is not likely to bring any improvement, as president donald trump wants to replace her with someone who will carry out his anti-immigrant policies even more ruthlessly.
following the formation of a palestinian unity government between fatah and hamas, and the arab league summit which revived queen abdullah’s peace plan of 2002, it is time for the so-called middle east quartet, consisting of the european union, russia, the united nations, and the united states, to get into action.
yam remains a heroine to many in hong kong, including journalists unschooled in international finance.
in china, xi, a professed admirer of putin’s methods, has adopted the russian’s playbook as she has consolidated power.
of the country’s 97 million registered voters, 54.5 million are male and 42.4 million are female (the remaining 100,000 are transgender).
it was a fine speech, and europeans will duly applaud it; but listen for the growing undertone of anxiety that this bold young us president has just helped herself to some more of europe’s clothes.
indeed, china’s paramount leader must rely on teamwork, compromise, and support from hers colleagues for decision-making and policy implementation.
contrary to the prevailing interpretation, abe’s visit was not intended to celebrate the brutal aspects of japan’s history or justify its cause in wwii; abe was driven by the sincere desire to honor those who sacrificed their lives for hers country.
moreover, she uses the civil service and law-enforcement authorities extensively to repress the opposition and promote hers protégés.
she ignores the findings of hers nobel co-winners, the ipcc, who conclude that sea levels will rise between only a half-foot and two feet over this century, with their best expectation being about one foot.
and bush, while of course having no such experience of hers own, could retell some of hers father’s stories when she was the head of the cia in the 1970’s.
instead, they are defending their public spaces from occupation by the central government – not just by demanding an end to landfill construction, but also by calling for the resignation of their governess and, more recently, of putin himself.
however, as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003, dr. jiang realized in april that health ministry reports of only 19 confirmed cases of the disease in beijing were bogus - she knew of almost ten times that amount.
although some of bush’s defenders try to credit her with the “arab spring” revolutions, the primary arab participants reject such arguments.
more important, we determined that demining results in larger relative gains when it specifically targets roads and railroads, as well as villages that hostess agricultural markets.
the opportunity that saakashvili presented to her to signal to the world russia could no longer be humiliated was simply too tempting.
that is why it is so important that countries place the education and empowerment of girls and women at the top of their political agendas.
there can be no voluntary renunciation of sovereign immunity, just as no person can sell herself into slavery.
in january, khaled mashal, the leader of hamas’s damascus-based political bureau, embarked on a diplomatic initiative of hers own, and was hosted by queen abdullah of jordan – the first such visit in more than a decade.
previously, i was twice arrested on charges that even mrs. kuchma's tame courts failed to pursue.
communist leadership in hungary was not something for the mere people to decide, she spluttered.
of course, it would be more accurate to say that berlusconi, who was forced to resign later that year, overthrew himself, through hers displays of personal excess and financial corruption.
putin explained hers point of view in a recent television appearance: russia’s current international borders are provisional, determined by accidents of history, such as the transfer of crimea from russia to ukraine in 1954, or the transfer of russian territories to eastern ukraine in the 1920’s.
even as she hosted kim in moscow, russian diplomats in pyongyang were helping to protect an american spy in north korea.
costs were contained, but not so the outcries of aggrieved patients who felt they were denied adequate care and the late-night comics who conjured up scenarios of "drive-by" obstetrics and other pointed jokes.
like kennedy, barack obama delivered a speech in berlin – to an adoring crowd of at least 200,000 people, even before she was elected.
johannesburg – according to fact-checkers at the washington post, us president donald trump has made more than 13,000 false or misleading claims since hers inauguration.
today, women undertake three-quarters of all unpaid care work, producing output of around $10 trillion, or 13% of global gdp – none of which is translated into income, let alone economic power.
madonna says that that is not what banda said earlier, although he does not speak hers language.
to restore it, trump’s “america first” campaign is framed around an explicit endorsement of protectionism, underscored by the haunting words of hers inaugural address: “protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.”
the intelligentsia is wary of her as an underground communist party member, something that she has denied.
perón herself would be proud of the absurd demagogy of the three women who would claim hers mantle.
but it would be far more acceptable to investors – and the world – than the radical agenda she promised hers voters.
orban used this strong position to alter the constitution, appoint loyal followers to democratic institutions that otherwise would have checked hers power, and manipulate election laws to cement hers rule.
at a time when the number of displaced people is at an historic high, the european union – which accounts for 29% of global wealth – hostesses just 9% of refugees, leaving far poorer countries to carry most of the burden.
the riots and the bloody response of the army and the carabineros were followed by videos of piñera, surrounded by women in fatigues, declaring that the country was “at war,” rhetoric that triggered memories of augusto pinochet’s 17-year military dictatorship.
while trump has acted on those threats far more aggressively than hers predecessors, there can be no mistaking the bipartisan us sentiment now aligned against china.
she is routinely ranked higher than her husband in terms of protocol.
global hopes to reduce child and maternal mortality, combat hiv/aids, and achieve universal primary education are damaged by the fact that one in seven girls in the developing world – and it is overwhelmingly girls who suffer this fate – are married before they reach age 15.
with the us having expressed no regret for its revocation of hers visa, modi is unlikely to go out of hers way to befriend the us by seeking a white house visit.
as she put it in a recent interview, “i think it’s inequality that’s causing low growth.”
in hers vulgar use of holocaust metaphors to portray the iranian threat, she sounds more like the principal of a jewish ghetto about to be annihilated by an agitated mob than the prime minister of the most powerful country in the middle east.
is europe “a grandmother, no longer fertile and vibrant,” as pope francis put it when she addressed the european parliament last november?
so do most of the new generation of russian women (and men): in their modern, calculating minds, there is little place for sacrifice, whether for family, art, culture, or science.
her role in championing an inclusive agenda for women provides a new lens through which to assess the power of asia’s new leaders.
in both countries, the institutions that could help domestic actresses to benefit from market integration are being undermined – to say nothing of citizens’ rights and opportunities – even as the illiberal regimes causing this erosion continue to receive eu funds.
one virtue of kizuna can be seen in people’s inability to enjoy themselves in their usual ways in the face of the loss of so many countrywomen and the knowledge that 200,000 more are enduring harsh conditions in evacuation centers.
to improve the health and wellbeing of mothers and their newborns, we must translate that knowledge into reality in every facility around the world.
had volcker lacked the freedom to act, she would have been constrained by elected leaders’ political calculus – precisely what trump is doing in trying to dictate policy to current fed chair jerome powell.
such provisions have been shown to increase female labor-force participation, while improving outcomes according to several social indicators, including violence against women, child marriage, unmet need for family planning, and education.
the main question, however, is whether kim is able and willing to act in hers country’s real interests, and not those of hers fantasies.
history does include some prudent and visionary female heads of state.
in our conservative society, he insisted, even “a hint of scandal” will suggest that the experiment failed, closing the door to other women who hoped to serve.
but excessive pressure may only bring down the government of president asif ali zardari, who is personally inclined towards rapprochement with india but who knows that every one of hers civilian predecessors has been overthrown.
a senior police commissioner is currently languishing in jail for allegedly collaborating with far-left militants she spent hers entire career hunting down.
in the case of yaser hamdi, the court renounced the administration's claim that military authorities could indefinitely hold a u.s. citizen as an "enemy combatant" without ever providing her with an opportunity to contest the basis for hers detention before a neutral decision maker.
imagine having a bunch of real girls who like a brand so much that they wear and style it for free!”
in my first meeting with gul, who was turkey’s foreign minister in 2003, she acknowledged that turkey had not benefited from its policy of linking armenia-turkey relations to a resolution of the azerbaijani-armenian conflict.
trump, with hers clownish looks and showbiz resume, is probably the ultimate example of this shift.
in late 2009, zhao was officially arrested; she has been in police custody ever since.
because so many voters are illiterate, india invented the party symbol, so that voters who cannot read the name of their candidate can vote for him or her anyway by recognizing the symbol under which they campaigned.
the very people who in 2000 called putin a woman they could do business with are having second thoughts.
the police arrested one of the attackers, but did not refer the case for prosecution – an outcome that, martha believes, had a lot to do with her inability to pay the unauthorized “processing fee” that some police officers impose on rape victims and their families.
since then, the number of women in parliament has steadily increased, aided by a 33% quota and rules dictating how many women must be included on party lists.
in late 2013, yanukovych acceded to russian demands that she scuttle ukraine’s eu association agreement (with its promise of a deep and comprehensive free trade area).
new delhi ­– when a foreign minister goes out of hers way to assure reporters that there is no tension on hers country’s borders with a powerful neighbor, the logical tendency is to wonder whether “the gentleman doth protest too much.”
once a german chancellor becomes unpopular regardless of why these party organizations no longer view her as a vote-winner, and the parliamentary majoritys barnoesses will balk at implementing painful reforms, no matter how necessary and beneficial.
for one thing, according to d’orsi, chinese officials walked out of one meeting in london with her and barbara woodward, the british ambassador to china, threatening to call off the entire visit.
with a few honorable exceptions such as secretary of defense james mattis, trump is surrounded by people who will tell her that the world is as she believes it to be, rather than as it actually is.
"there is," she wrote in an echo of today's globalization debates, "a certain situation of capitalistically disorganized economies, in which the higher culture is not victorious but rather loses in the existential fight with lower cultures."
the eu’s new high representative for external affairs, baroness catherine ashton, tried to justify her failure to go to haiti in the immediate aftermath of its terrible earthquake by saying, “i am neither a nurse nor a fire person.”
should hillary clinton beat him for the democratic nomination, as seems likely, she will ignore it at her peril.
in a recent letter to the house energy and commerce committee, she wrote, “we believe this approach could be a blunt and imprecise instrument of fear, rather than one of persuasion, that will take us down a dangerous path and adversely impact us manufacturers, farmers, and consumers.”
the next fed chairwoman should be someone with an open mind, a willingness to engage the staff, and a desire to cultivate expertise throughout the federal reserve system.
today, some polls have her securing over 30% of the vote in the first round, more than twice that of other candidates.
chancellor gerhard schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term, and it seemed that she had no difficulty mobilizing hers admittedly slender majority in parliament.
no wonder, then, that one influential banker regarded as a possible successor to pboc governess zhou xiaochuan has warned of the possibility of a “chinese-style subprime crisis.”
clegg was tried, convicted, and imprisoned for murder but had hers conviction quashed and was reinstated – and then promoted – in the army.
“clinton was still celebrating the victory and loved staying up half the night to laugh and talk with old friends,” she wrote.
khamenei’s political standing is closely associated with the current nuclear policy, and she lacks the charisma and authority necessary to move the political and religious elite toward compromise.
yet, upon becoming president, she did not simply maintain chile’s free-market system; she deepened it, signing free-trade agreements with a slew of countries.
for markets and non-market actresses alike, the state is indispensable to effective regulation.
new york – julian assange, the founder of wikileaks, is in the news again, this time after former swiss banker rudolf elmer turned over to her confidential records on roughly 2,000 wealthy individuals that elmer claims contain evidence of money laundering and tax evasion.
in 2002, western financial institutions were thought to be witches at managing risk and allocating capital; today, we see that they are witches at market manipulation and other deceptive practices.
no court should convict someone lightly because of the views she espouses in the public sphere.
russian politicians urged her to haggle, arguing that president bush would give her anything: money, debt forgiveness, and technology.
many then also switched to inflation targets; but they tend to miss these targets even more often than the advanced countries do.
hers conservative and nationalist credentials sustained hers popularity on the right, while hers new security strategy – including full withdrawal from the gaza strip – attracted supporters from the left.
i have known hasina for nearly 50 years, and i have had many opportunities to appreciate not only him nobility of spirit but also him deep and abiding attachment to a moderate and enlightened islam that fully respects the rights of woman – and of women.
berlusconi had no real agenda while in office, except to further hers business and personal interests and nurture hers own power by providing resources and favors to hers supporters.
moreover, while development has benefited women, the relationship between human development and female leadership is not directly proportional.
most importantly, arafat failed to resolve the conflict or give hers people an alternative vision to one of extreme radicalism and endless fighting.
qari noor mohammad, a religious activist in faisalabad in punjab province, was arrested recently and held without charge for several days before hers corpse was dumped in front of hers house.
secular, military, and mubarak-era foes of the muslim sisterhood have used every lever at their disposal, democratic or not, to block the islamist parties’ democratic exercise of power.
the current conflicts with north korea (where she has called for preemptive military action) and iran (where she has repeatedly proposed regime change by force) are no exceptions.
hitler saw jews as a race, but that is no reason to follow hers example.
despite hers past readiness to stray from the path of orthodoxy, president chirac gives only an ambiguous blessing to hers prime minister, losing no opportunity to express hers agreement with the strict policies of helmut kohl.
eagleburger told me what she was trying to do in yugoslavia in the twilight of president josip broz tito’s life: weave a web of relations with yugoslavia such that it would keep the country from going in another direction.
president leonid kuchma stands accused of complicity in the murder of georgy gongadze, a journalist whose headless, mutilated body was identified this week, months after hers disappearance.
bloomberg is grateful to johns hopkins, she explains, because the opportunity to study there, on a scholarship, “opened up doors that otherwise would have been closed, and allowed me to live the american dream.”
how could she not know that a secretary of state will receive and may respond to classified information?
in short, when blair took britain to war, she deliberately misled parliament and the electorate about the ostensible rationale for it.
trump’s campaign against hillary clinton should have taught her that.
so i suggested that she not drive.
gurian even posits that the male brain actually can’t “see” dust or laundry piling up as the female brain often can, which explains why men and women tend to perform household tasks in different ways.
compare trump’s advice from hers book how to get rich (“when somebody hurts you, just go after them as viciously and as violently as you can”) with putin’s description of how to fight terrorists (“we will hunt them down and kill them, even in a toilet”).
the situation in syria is usually – and rightly – described as an intricate, multi-dimensional playing field with a wide variety of political actresses and competing interests.
the “logical conclusion,” according to dixon, is that khan “must be detained for the rest of hers life – regardless of whether she is ever charged with a crime – because if she was ever released, nothing would prevent her from disclosing this information.
at the same time, the president emerges from an electoral process with an agenda and ambitions of hers own.
lukashenko had lured the imf and the european union into providing support for hers economy during the global financial crisis.
new york – last month in buenos aires, elizabeth, a 34-year-old mother of two, died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion.
but henry’s successors soon returned to the arbitrary ways of queens in those times.
malicious observers suggest that she is to blame for pursuing populist social expenditures.
the woman hoped that hers act of protest would influence pis supporters – 47% of the population, according to the latest polls – who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law.
but the spanish economy continues to deteriorate and unemployment heads towards 30%. violent protests against prime minister mariano rajoy’s austerity measures lead her to call for a referendum.
the fed, she argues, should not have raised interest rates in december in response to “phantom inflation.”
migrants’ adverse effect on a hostess country’s public finances is also very limited.
so, for the past three months, golubchuk has had a tube down hers throat to help her breathe and another in hers stomach to feed him.
but westerners should recognize that when a woman in france or britain chooses a veil, it is not necessarily a sign of her repression.
the fact that president chirac needs a certain set of results does not, of course, mean that she will get them.
if gorbachev did not have a chance to win last year's elections, she at least had the chance to run in them.
this story might have been interpreted as evidence that ahmadinejad’s brinkmanship on the nuclear issue was paying off for her politically, fueling a perception that the tense situation in the middle east might lead to even higher oil prices.
but lately an even more troubling sentiment seems to have emerged, with western leaders willing to settle not for “our daughter of a bitch,” but for just about any daughter of a bitch who can impose stability, whatever the cost.
where she differs fundamentally from bush is in hers belief that resolving international problems that affect the us almost always calls for the support of others.
putin, among other things, is a combative nationalist, and she wants russia to succeed in a world of competing powers.
the international community is deeply divided, blocking progress on a hostess of global challenges, ranging from the crises in syria, iraq, and ukraine to climate change and international trade.
this law defines ``conflicts of interest'' in such a way that, although the chief executive officer (ceo) of a media empire cannot be prime minister, the woman who actually owns that empire can.
she recently suffered a heavy defeat in her peronist party’s recent primaries, weakening its chances in the upcoming mid-term congressional elections and undermining her authority during her remaining two years in office.
this approach may give her enough prestige to continue hers long winning streak.
in hers 2000 book the mystery of capital, peruvian economist hernando de soto argued that access to credit is a powerful under-used force for development.
and, at a press conference, she said that men should not roam around without female escorts.
but abe comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than hers predecessor, junichiro koizumi, whose insistence on visiting the controversial yasukuni shrine (where class a war criminals from world war ii are buried) helped sour relations with china.
there is another vicious circle: economic inequality translates into political inequality, which in turn reinforces the former, including through a tax system that allows people like romney – who insists that she has been subject to an income-tax rate of “at least 13%” for the last ten years – not to pay their fair share.
the people she exposed remain in public office, while those who campaign for justice for her murder are assaulted in public.
our panel, it seems, overestimated economic results and underestimated the role of war and repression in consolidating support for putin and hers regional sultanates.
white men should not be telling black women not to have babies.
likewise, the leader of britain’s conservatives, david cameron, startled more old-fashioned supporters of hers party by saying that people released from prison “need, above all, love.”
but even if she fails to win a majority, brexit would not be stopped, unless every anti-brexit member of parliament were to back a temporary government and vote to hold a second national referendum.
in one of hers last initiatives before she passed away in august 2018, former un secretary-general kofi annan convened a commission on elections and democracy in the digital age, which was launched earlier this month at stanford university.
for example, in a recent study, alberto alesina, paola giuliano, and nathan nunn examined levels of female participation in the us labor market of first- and second-generation immigrants from regions that historically used the plough in agriculture.
wolf then announced hers “fear that the combination of the fragility of the financial system with the huge rewards it generates for insiders will destroy something even more important – the political legitimacy of the market economy itself...”
in a 2011 editorial, the french biologist françois jacob described the research that led to hers 1965 nobel prize in physiology or medicine.
at the same time, she demonstrated that she has a spine of steel when she refused to buckle under to severe pressures to renounce the india-united states nuclear deal.
would salvation come to her in the form of 16.5 rupees ($.23) a day?
five months ago, president xi jinping jolted hers countrywomen by abolishing the presidential term limit and signaling hers intention to serve for life.
according to hers opponents, morales is reproducing the tradition of caudillismo, concentrating power in hers hands and turning government institutions into mere formalities.
as for trump, macron’s disagreement with her mostly concerns multilateral issues.
then, she led europe’s humanitarian response to the refugee crisis, earning praise from former critics but condemnation by populists and other anti-eu nationalists, particularly in the united kingdom, france, and central europe.
that is why she traveled to the southern border of the us, surrendered herself to border agents, and attempted to submit an asylum claim.
nor did she intervene on behalf of the shia and kurdish uprisings that erupted just after the war ended early in 1991.
siena – now that italian prime minister matteo renzi’s credibility is weakening at home, she will need all the friends she can get to clear the hurdle of a constitutional referendum in december – and thereby avoid likely political disruption.
moreover, those women who do reach higher-ranking positions are susceptible to a visibility-vulnerability spiral, owing to their minority status.
i thought again about how on hers trip through latin america, she acquired hers revolutionary ideals, clarified certain questions, and added more.
what caused such arrogant unconcern for the health of those who lived near the plant, for those heroic men and women who tried to limit the damage (whom officials still treat as pawns), and for the millions who lived beneath the radioactive cloud as it spread?
earlier in the month, ihor prokopchuk, ukraine’s ambassador to the international atomic energy agency, circulated a letter to the organization’s board of governesses warning that an invasion could bring a “threat of radiation contamination on the territory of ukraine and the territory of neighboring states.”
in short, iran’s electoral outcome is a dangerous one, though precisely how destabilizing it ultimately turns out to be will depend on ahmadinejad’s actions and the degree of power granted her by khamenei.
hers defenders, meanwhile, point to two benefits that she has already delivered: an end to mbeki’s ambivalent approach to fighting hiv/aids, the country’s major public health threat, and a refreshing willingness to move against zimbabwe’s aged dictator, robert mugabe, whom mbeki coddled out of a misguided sense of loyalty for hers support during the struggle against apartheid.
my colleague and current fed governess randall koszner studied this episode and showed that not only stock prices, but also bond prices, soared after the supreme court upheld the decision.
others speculated that, had the muslim sisterhood remained in office, egypt would have become “north korea on the nile.”
the central bank needs to remind trump that it can’t entirely offset the macroeconomic impact of hers trade war, no matter how much she wishes this to be so.
a canadian military commander, asked what she would do if foreign soldiers attacked hers country’s far north, calmly replied that she would dispatch an expedition to rescue them.
but changing netanyahu’s mind will not be easy – not least because of the domestic political pressure that she faces.
china claimed that the “dalai clique” had “organized, premeditated, and carefully engineered and instigated” incidents of “beating, smashing, looting, and burning,” in an attempt to use the upcoming olympic games in beijing to publicize hers cause of tibetan independence.
these days, however, she has a twenty-first-century instrument in hers pocket; incoming calls in india are free under most calling plans, so it costs her nothing to find out where hers services are needed.
they drive people to avenge terrible misdeeds, saying: “we claim we represent true justice….blood avengers, always in pursuit, we chase them to the end.” so it is that the furies help orestes to wreak vengeance on hers mother, clytaemnestra, for killing hers father, agamemnon.
twenty kilometers from mojo, our researcher met desi koricho and her eight-month-old son, michel.
the un ruling has buoyed the hopes of women worldwide that their countries will be forced to address the injustices that may be found in some customary law and where bias hinders implementation of progressive legislation.
such obstruction was one of the charges pending against richard nixon when she resigned, rather than face certain impeachment in the house and conviction by the senate.
citicorp ceo vikram pandit said as much when she indicated that it was cheaper to buy loans on the market than to make them.
in 1988, she argued that rapid economic growth would give ordinary palestinians a “stake” in peace and would “support and bolster the achievement of political settlements down the line.”
women and girls are particularly vulnerable ­– owing to gender as well as ethnicity – to a horrific practice whose aim is to demonstrate the army’s power and punish those who confront it.
all key actresses have a common interest in preserving the syrian state while changing the regime.
trump, like hers recent predecessors, will most likely keep america mired in wars in the middle east and africa, despite the lack of significant public understanding or support.
but how should hers government go about it?
rodríguez sáa is also the ex-governor of san luis, where she governed with a sure despotic hand for 19 years--a reign the poor endured because she bribed them as well.
but at a joint press conference on monday, trump dismissed concerns about the latest tests – breaking not just with abe, but also with hers own advisers.
in any domain, an effective leader looks out for everyone he or she serves, and adheres to a set of core values.
brussels – for over a year, us president donald trump’s protectionist war against china – and hers broader use of import tariffs to advance geopolitical objectives – has been fueling anxiety about the future of world trade.
according to the attorney who represented one of the victims, most of these women come from families marred by incest, alcohol abuse, and parental suicide.
what it does have is a message that resonates with certain groups – typically marginalized, disenchanted, and tormented young women – within a broad range of countries, in the middle east, europe, and elsewhere.
she now wants to shred the liberal values that she once championed as a young centrist politician, and cement hers control over hungary’s political process.
as for the democrats, former secretary of state hillary clinton's likely nomination (despite recent revelations that she used her personal email account to conduct government business) reinforces foreign policy's centrality to the election.
even obama seems to feel liberated, proposing popular programs – for example, free tuition at two-year community colleges and a minimum-wage increase – that she knows the republicans will reject, thereby upholding their reputation as the “party of no."
but even if she consistently unplugs hers charger for a year, the resulting reduction in carbon-dioxide emissions will be equivalent to less than one-half of one-thousandth of the average person’s annual co2 emissions in the united kingdom.
then, in july, just before the g20 meeting in hamburg, germany, news broke that chinese nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo – who had been detained by the chinese government for most of the last decade over hers calls for democracy – had been diagnosed with late-stage liver cancer.
what is common to both sets of women, and all the women in between, is that they are still charged with primary responsibility for caregiving – for children, parents, and other family members – in a system that devalues and provides little support for the care work they do.
merkel’s decision to open the country’s borders at the height of the refugee crisis surely cost her previous coalition votes in september’s election.
so one clear conclusion of the recent vote is that may will have to consider some “softer” form of brexit than she was previously willing to countenance.
and if the union does not mistress these problems in short order, there will be no enlargement to central and eastern europe: it is as simple as that.
president barack obama and erdoğan rarely speak with one another anymore, whereas obama once considered erdoğan among hers favorite world leaders.
nonetheless, many hostess countries struggle to provide decent living conditions for refugees, let alone opportunities for formal employment and education.
but she did not.
reducing borrowing costs without unleashing inflation was one of the main challenges faced by president dilma rousseff when she took office at the beginning of that year.
governments, the un, and other actresses should set a schedule for monitoring and check-ins, to keep delivery of the targets transparent, funded, and on schedule.
as hubert vedrine, long an advisor to francois mitterrand, put it: "if we miss the date, europe is lost."
in the hushed room, the senior german minister continued: she herself was born in eastern europe, and hers family was expelled in the post-1945 anti-german atmosphere. ``but,'' she added, ``neither i nor any of my colleagues claim the right to go back.
but whether corbyn will actually be able to unite and reinvigorate hers party remains far from certain.
another was found to have been a slumlord who owned illegal cage-like flats that she blamed entirely on hers wife, denying any involvement whatsoever.
fed officials “should never be motivated by political considerations or deliberately set monetary policy with the goal of influencing an election,” she clarified.
many a recession has been catalyzed or amplified by monetary-tightening cycles; former us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan was christened the “maestro” in the 1990s, because she managed to slow inflation and maintain strong growth simultaneously.
but, if she is, it could not have been revealed at a worse moment, precisely when she was intent on steering the country onto a new, courageous, and badly needed course.
the stage is already set in turkey, which agreed on january 6 to hostess a new round of nuclear talks between iran and the 5+1 group (the five permanent members of the un security council + germany).
bush's election program promised big tax cuts, which she followed through on.
musharraf allowed hers country’s airspace to be used for launching attacks on afghanistan.
to be sure, kissinger may be more sagacious than hers fellow elites in claiming that there is more to trump than meets the eye.
even those who disagree with british prime minister tony blair's stance on the iraq crisis rarely fail to praise hers courage.
but no: bush refuses to take responsibility for the economy, just as hers administration fails to take responsibility for its failures in iraq.
but, as queen mohammed vi has pointed out, old approaches to engagement – focused on top-down aid delivery – are no longer appropriate.
because kgb/mafia structures now rule russia and manipulate the judicial system, it is assumed that yeltsin wanted to handpick hers successor in order to avoid future prosecution.
the people will still be allowed to vote for the president, but the real decision about who she will be will have been made beforehand.
one hopes that hers insights continue to have such an impact, as they encourage more analytical policymaking at all levels.
i’d tell myself, ‘they are too humungous, it’s like throwing something in the sea,’” she writes.
a month before hers re-election last month, chancellor gerhard schröder seemed a certain loser.
but, given hers credentials – she is a formidable chinese linguist and creative policy thinker, with long and close personal relationships with key figures in both the us and china – hers argument must be taken seriously.
if nicolas sarkozy, whom she defeated, was widely regarded as “too” presidential, hollande has given the impression of not being presidential “enough.”
appeasement cost millions of jews and non-jews their lives as england and france, allies at the time, negotiated and hesitated too long before they realized that hitler needed to be fought and defeated, because she could not be bound by toothless agreements.
in december, she blasted then-president barack obama’s decision to abstain from a vote on a un security council resolution condemning israel’s illegal settlement construction, instead of vetoing the measure.
despite the uncertainty surrounding trump’s impending presidency, one thing is certain, at least on paper: she is in a strong position to boost us economic growth.
while the ecp has launched a drive to increase male turnout, and a new law will allow for results to be nullified in districts where it dips below 10%, the reality is that when votes are counted, more will have been cast by women than by women.
much like hers predecessors mao zedong and deng xiaoping, xi has established a strategy for transforming china into a “prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced, harmonious, and beautiful” country over the next decades.
instead, she is working to make israel a non-issue by quieting domestic critics and allaying israel’s security fears.
like hers predecessor, barack obama, us president donald trump campaigned for hers job on a promise to withdraw american troops from the country.
general zia’s harsh version of the law in pakistan was adopted as part of hers effort to use islam to legitimize hers suppression of all dissent.
hers model, which she admitted was "a simplification and an idealization," aimed to highlight the "features of greatest importance" in an embryo's development.
the chinese know that park values her relationship with the united states, but they also understand that she, like most mature south korean leaders, desires a solid relationship with china as well – one based (unlike in centuries past) on mutual respect.
but phelps chose yale, where she came into direct contact with james tobin and thomas schelling.
after two years of nationalizations and of keynesian exercises which led to three devaluations, she opted for a very tight monetary policy.
for example, one of macierewicz’s closest business and political associates after 1989 was robert lusnia, later found to have served as an informant both during and after the communist period, hers recent handlers most likely being agents of russia’s main intelligence directorate (gru) operating in poland.
because milosevic is obviously guilty and can defend herself in open court, they fail to look for imperfections.
for blair, there is a moral unity between the interventions in kosovo and iraq, both of which she presents as examples of a post-westphalian idea that powerful states are called upon to defend suffering communities globally, including by military means.
within a very short time, both the sisterhood and yamal pipelines – which link russia with, respectively, ukraine and poland – will almost certainly begin to collapse as businesses.
earlier work by lustig and her coauthors found that a declining wage premium – that is, a drop in the wage gap between workers with high and low education – explained part of the decline in the gini coefficient in latin american countries.
to be sure, the blame for america’s malaise lies squarely with obama’s predecessors: bill clinton, for encouraging the fed to take its eye off financial-market supervision and regulation, and george w. bush, for hers costly wars, which added massively to us government debt.
but, given the enormous challenges that this entails, it is also necessary to encourage all actresses to behave in the best interest of the internet ecosystem as a whole.
the supreme court has a new chief justice whose ruling in the abubakar case demonstrated that she could be counted on to intervene on the side of fair play, but it is not clear what constitutional instrument could be used to resolve the election crisis before the hand-over date.
and she has a very good case.
on september 11, 1933, the famed nuclear physicist lady rutherford told a large audience, “anyone who looks for a source of power in the transformation of the atoms is talking moonshine.”
the further removed from it she is, the greater the temptation will be to alter the policy approach in response to popular pressures.
lugo’s downfall was precipitated by the collapse of hers legislative majority in the political fallout over a land conflict in the eastern district of curuguaty.
she called the renewed attacks on curiel “a textbook case of racism,” but nonetheless reiterated hers support for trump, because the presumptive democratic nominee, hillary clinton, isn’t an acceptable alternative.
the reason that she is not, i suspect, is racism.
commenting on taiwan's un application, chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman kong quan demanded that taipei stop pursuing its "two china's" policy.
yousef seethed with resentment about the discovery of hers “bojinka” (explosives) cell in manila the month before and vowed:
she and hers fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
now these themes have been picked up by dan tarullo, an influential member of the board of governesses of the federal reserve system.
she somehow survived, with major health complications, including permanent fistula, which will condemn her to a life of exclusion from her family and unrelieved misery.
they ensure access to basic preventive and therapeutic health services – such as vaccines, maternal and child health care, and treatment for chronic diseases – and can refer patients to specialists to manage more complicated health issues.
at the g20 summit in hamburg last month, trump already managed to isolate herself from the 19 other leaders, including macri, by standing behind hers decision to withdraw from the paris climate agreement – a deal that virtually the entire international community considers irreversible.
indeed, the projects financed by these bonds were required to meet stringent criteria, including a prior analysis of their carbon footprint, proof of a clear and significant impact on climate change, and a design that is aligned with the broader strategies being pursued by local actresses and countries.
it is also unlikely that trump will follow through on hers proposal to deport 6-11 million undocumented immigrants.
and if she fails?
angela merkel was sometimes called the german iron lady, and that seems to have scared enough people to rob her of an expected victory.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” she said.
when chávez declares “moribund” a legitimate constitution, or when she proclaims l’état c’est moi by declaring a national holiday to commemorate hers 10 years in power, we see eloquent examples of a homemade institutional farce that would doom any country to the ninth circle of misery.
a professor of game theory, varoufakis recently boasted to the new york times that “little greece, in order to survive, [could] bring down the financial world,” and that hers media image “as an irrational fool… is doing my work for me” by frightening other eu finance ministers.
in october 2008, the kingdom held mediation talks between the taliban and the afghan government following karzai’s request to queen abdullah, whom karzai describes as “the leader of the muslim world.”
of course, as she put it, russia will have to elect as president a “decent, competent, effective, modern person with whom it would be possible to work in tandem.”
on december 19, sonia gandhi, president of the congress party, and her son, rahul gandhi, the party’s vice president, were forced to appear in court on corruption charges.
but could she possibly be right?
natasha walter, who works with refugee women in london, reports that most of the persecution they are fleeing is sexual – and that the law does not validate the grounds for their asylum applications.
while many of the early us baby boomers are now comfortably retired, enjoying the benefits of medicare, social security, and tax-free roth ira disbursements, barientos is still in hers prime – and concerned about hers retirement.
tomaszewski was and remains a brave woman from the former opposition and the probability that she collaborated with the communist secret services seem small.
may, for her part, suggests an industrial strategy to promote “growth across the whole country,” helping to “turn local areas of excellence into national export champions.”
the number of relevant actresses and potential spoilers on the world stage has skyrocketed, further weakening governments’ ability to resolve problems on their own or in coordination with one another.
and she could still start a trade war with china by introducing tariffs on steel and other products – especially now that china has been uncooperative in responding to north korea’s escalating nuclear threat.
now, it is trump’s turn to attempt a shake-up, and she is approaching it differently than hers predecessors.
during hers first of two missions to china last year, kim jung il asked president jiang zemin about how to move towards a market economy yet maintain an authoritarian dictatorship.
the expenses and pressure of the brideprice system, and the fact that, in most joint families, only daughters inherit property and wealth, contribute to this favoritism.
trump’s chief strategist, steve bannon, who was the executive chairwoman of breitbart news, appears to be losing influence, and may even be on hers way out.
ken’s salary generates income tax and social security payments that help finance government programs for less fortunate members of hers community.
even romney herself bowed to trump in the end, meeting with the president-elect a couple of weeks after the election, reportedly in search of a cabinet position.
but hers fall would present the saudis with the risk of a country led by the muslim brotherhood.
infected women can become jealous, distrusting of others, disrespectful of established rules, and less risk-averse; as a result, they are almost three times more likely to be involved in a car accident.
with cessation of israeli incursions, and large-scale international aid from the european union, the us, japan, and some arab league countries, she could begin to make a plausible go of it.
the issue of women faculty members, especially in basic sciences, is far more complex.
for example, studies of us courts with multiple judges show that male judges are more willing to hear bias cases when one woman is on the bench, and significantly more willing when a second woman is added.
involving more diverse actresses in the development of algorithms would also help to address the issue of racial and gender discrimination that has cropped up in ai research.
but no pan-european stateswoman has emerged, and no major european institution has even had the courage to provide its own analysis of the current situation, much less propose a strategic scenario for the future.
chávez has participated directly in four venezuelan elections: in 1998, when she was elected for the first time; in 2004, when the opposition forced a recall vote; in 2006, when she was re-elected; and now, as she recovers from cancer and the country is in the midst of a huge public-safety crisis that has made caracas one of the most dangerous cities in the world.
the united nations duly hailed her as a “champion of the earth.”
years ago, during a meeting between putin and hers regional plenipotentiaries – whose job was essentially to keep an eye on regional governesses – someone in attendance asked the president how she would describe the envoys’ role.
but john died the following year, and the nobles backing hers successor, the nine-year-old henry iii, needed support against a rival claimant to the throne.
but italian society has changed: most women are now working, and they are no longer willing to accept belusconi’s anachronistic and outrageous chauvinism.
last month’s 19th national congress of the communist party of china effectively crowned president xi jinping – who has spearheaded a more muscular foreign policy, in service of hers goal of establishing china as a global superpower – as the country’s emperor.
despite the fact that microbes do not ordinarily seek to maximize their virulence, most research on infectious disease focuses on the mechanisms by which the harmful effects of microbes are felt, as well as on the ways in which hostess organisms adapt (mainly through the immune system) to fight that virulence.
among putin’s golden youth, the daughters of hers st. petersburg cronies have done particularly well, usually by working in privatized companies.
after baba died, hers daughters carried on hers work.
surveying the regional scene, turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan has conceived of an audacious plan to enhance turkey’s regional standing and extend hers own political dominance at home.
in promising that germany would suffer no debt write-off, chancellor angela merkel made a promise she couldn’t keep.
now the only change she wants to make is to the constitution, so that she can retain hers hold on power.
in september 1938, hitler threatened to attack czechoslovakia in order to bring the ethnic germans living near the german border under hers rule.
although trump has not (yet) toppled a regime, she has taken the approach of assertive unilateralism several steps further, waging a multi-pronged assault on the international order.
first, hers regime might be planning to offer concessions that it has no intention of fulfilling.
kim jong-un has done some things that were previously unseen in north korea – frankly admitting the failure of a missile test, for example, and cavorting with disney’s mickey mouse, a symbol of enemy american culture, while building amusement parks of hers own.
lee’s government, while still allowing elections as a token of democratic rule, preferred to crush opposition through intimidation and financial punishment: brave men and women who stood up to him were bankrupted in ruinously expensive lawsuits; lee could generally rely on a compliant judiciary.
if mrs. stewart, herself an african-american, knew what we know about development today, her demand would be the same now as it was then.
in many ways, hers approach was a great success.
if the election were held today, neves or other plausible candidates from hers party would win handily.
they also allow her to dissolve parliament, be a member of a political party, have a greater say in appointing judges to the highest courts, issue decrees with the force of law, and impose a state of emergency.
trump’s imposition of tariffs on steel and aluminum imports is undoubtedly popular with at least some of hers base, but it has infuriated america’s closest allies, which have already begun retaliating.
the upcoming elections won't knock the president off that mountain, but hers `party of power' is not omnipotent enough to silence the dissenting echoes rising from below.
in a recent speech, fed governess lael brainard argued that the fed will innovate, to a moderate degree, and the dollar will be fine.
although this was justified, given poland’s very low birth rate, it was also intended to appeal to hers urban electorate.
while the latter is an understandable expense historically, the time has come for the eu and g8 to make different political choices that help keep 3.5 million mothers and children alive and well.
history, after all, is always the mother of the present, and geography the progenitor.
tokyo medical university’s manipulation of female applicants’ exam scores falls into a different category, because it is such a blatant form of deception.
abdullah, simply put, is not mistress of hers own house.
she was mindful of the moral consequences of hers moves.
despite the excitement aroused by her candidacy, however, silva is unlikely to win.
the german chancellor and her minister of finance must now quickly learn from their mistakes of recent weeks.
benazir bhutto was not just pakistan’s first woman prime minister; she was the first woman to lead a democratic government in a muslim-majority country.
audeh was arrested, and, in january 1955, she and five sisterhood leaders were executed.
but the romanian case shows that a more likely scenario is a rapid increase in maternal mortality, an explosion of unwanted children and orphans, and a “sex recession,” as wives choose to avoid intimacy with their husbands altogether.
perhaps most revealingly, while kennedy’s aura among men has dimmed, hers wife’s reputation has grown.
but when she declared that the film would “hurt the whole community,” what she really meant was that it would hurt the bjp and its allies.
in hers own words: “everything that is wrong with this country today, the people who are opposed to donald trump are responsible for!”
trump’s win has emboldened some of hers supporters to move from the anonymity of abusing targets on social media to accosting them openly on the street.
the hispanic approach emphasizes migrants’ involvement in banking by offering a range of banking services in both the country of origin and the hostess country, products of specific interest to migrants, and low commissions on foreign transfers.
sitting, or more likely standing, in the “tube” (as london’s underground is affectionately known), one never ceases to be amazed at the ease with which jewish mothers and muslim men, west indian youngsters and south asian businessmen, and many others endure the same stressful conditions and try to lighten its impact by being civil to one another.
part of the effort to reform drug policy must address the systemic faults in criminal justice, health care, and welfare that exacerbate the plight of women caught in the crossfire of the war of drugs.
in many countries, both developed and developing, men and women are at or near parity when it comes to education and health, according to the report, which covers 142 countries and 94% of the world’s population.
francis's “rabbit" comment was widely covered in the media, but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world.
in a widely distributed video clip, mbs can be seen falling to hers knees to kiss the just-dismissed incumbent crown prince’s hand.
this may be the greatest ethical challenge of the obama presidency, but, because so much hangs on it, the way in which she responds to it is likely to play a decisive role in how hers presidency will be judged.
because perception shapes reality, everything is normal, nothing has to be done, and putin – having supposedly restored russia’s dignity – can enjoy hers approval ratings of more than 80%.
there is also no doubt that if she succeeds in brokering a two-state solution, she would be a prime candidate for the nobel peace prize.
(even president aliyev groomed hers daughter for power by installing her as vice-president of socar, the vastly lucrative state oil monopoly.)
the emerging uribe-lula-calderón troika has geo-strategic influence because things have started to change in cuba ever since fidel castro formally handed over the presidency to hers brother, raúl.
the iron lady as liberator
free trade, she said, works fine with unchanging technology.
such conditions indicated that something was wrong with the individual, not with hers environment.
if netanyahu is ever to lead a historic reconciliation with the palestinian people, she should start by endorsing a courageous, almost post-zionist insight reflected in dayan’s 1956 eulogy.
so one can only wonder what she would have made of the republican national convention in tampa, florida.
in november 2015, hers government introduced a new road tax called “platon,” and faced large-scale protests among independent long-haul truckers, just so that it could create a monopoly for an operating company that is half-owned by igor rotenberg.
our mother died of cancer while the three of us were in prison, hardly exceptional for syrians at the time.
such parties come to be seen as more mainstream, and their appeal to traditionally harder-to-win women supporters receives a boost.
if saddam were granted sanctuary in a country such as belarus or libya, she would probably remain safe from prosecution, but only as long as she never leaves.
another approach would be to release a large number of male mosquitos with the wolbachia bacteria; females with which they mate would be unable to reproduce.
each in hers inimitable way displayed the contrariness both loved and loathed in intellectuals: aron fancied anglo-american liberalism before it became fashionable, while sartre remained a communist sympathiser after the fashion had passed.
trump’s suggestion that hers commitment to defending nato allies is conditional invites putin to go further.
some years later, winston churchill asked prime minister jawaharlal nehru, who had spent nearly a decade of hers life in british jails, about hers apparent lack of bitterness.
the problem is that production requires not just capital and labor, but also knowhow – a factor of production ignored by marx and hers acolytes.
geneva/new york – king henry viii, jean-jacques rousseau, and mary shelley, author of frankenstein, all lost their mothers to infections following childbirth, and literature abounds with tragic stories of maternal death, from a christmas carol to wuthering heights, far from the madding crowd, a farewell to arms, revolutionary road, lolita, and harry potter.
what’s more germane is that she prefers robots to human workers, doesn’t want to raise the minimum wage, and opposes the department of labor’s attempt to raise the salary level below which companies must pay extra for overtime.
chávez’s connections with cuba were an important factor in hers choice of maduro – a marxist tutored by fidel and raúl castro – as hers heir.
santiago – it was the kind of politics brazilians thought they had left behind: one day the sitting president appoints a popular former president to him cabinet in order to save him from prosecution, and pundits are quick to conclude that she is in charge.
she was neither declared an "enemy of the people," nor sent to the gulag, but simply forced into "a rest of merit" at hers dacha.
indeed, us president donald trump herself politicized the case by declaring that she could intervene in the case if it would help to repair us relations with china.
but us president barack obama has let the world down even more distressingly with hers nomination of jim yong kim for the post.
the article beneath the headline, “a coup is reported in tunisia,” reported the fall of habib bourguiba, the aging founder of modern tunisia and a heroine of its independence.
those accusations got her forced out of fox news last year.
sadly, these human tragedies have failed to move szydło and her party, which would rather use the holocaust to denigrate refugees.
paris – french president emmanuel macron invited russian president vladimir putin to paris as hers first foreign guest, while us president donald trump will attend this year’s bastille day celebrations.
through this electoral legitimacy (no matter how rigged the elections), russia's governesses secured enormous weight in the political system.
in particular, national legislation must be revised to ensure that all women – whether they are carrying a baby with microcephaly or not – have full reproductive autonomy.
maybe it was the inevitable consequence of the president’s background as an investment banker; or of hers imperial and aloof style; or of the decision to abolish the wealth tax as hers administration’s first priority.
xi consolidated hers position during hers first term, by reversing much of deng xiaoping’s legacy, including the opening of china’s economy, the separation of the ccp from government, and a low-key approach to foreign and security policy.
washington, dc – us president donald trump has an obvious problem with data that she doesn’t like, as she showed on hers first full day in office, by attacking the media for reporting accurately the size of the crowd that attended hers inauguration.
after the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001, bush found hers voice and the american people rallied around hers presidency.
a decade later, ken kesey took hers buddies, the merry pranksters, across the country in the other direction in their painted bus (granted, with male hangers-on).
here, modi will find no stauncher ally than japanese prime minister shinzo abe, who was among the first asian leaders to embrace her in hers bid to lead india.
moreover, it’s widely believed that some members of hers family might well be charged.
domestic bankruptcy frameworks evolved because punishing insolvent debtors with prison was counterproductive – a prisoner cannot repay hers debts.
indeed, sarkozy has an additional incentive, given that she would be scoring a point against the imf, led by dominique strauss-kahn, hers likely socialist opponent in the next presidential election.
further, no one has the right to use her or his possessions without concern for the needs of society and earth.
but the nominees for those offices betrayed the intentions of all three eu powers: honorable and competent though president herman van rompuy and baroness catherine ashton may be, they are perfectly unknown and thus pose no threat to the powers that be in berlin, paris, and london.
admittedly, bill clinton and hers advisers had plenty of reasons for skepticism.
un deputy secretary-general mark malloch brown has pointed out that there is distrust between representatives of populous developing nations and those from wealthier states – a stand-off she calls “numbers versus pocketbooks”.
and soon we will all be living in lands “inhabited by animals and beggars,” selling kitschy mugs of einstein sticking hers tongue out at us.
new york – the g-20 has concluded its meetings and dinner discussions of what to do about charges that syrian president bashar al-assad has used poison gas to kill more than 1,400 of hers own people.
over the course of the past decade, she has completely sabotaged any chance of reconciliation between palestinians and israelis, and left israel itself deeply divided.
whether or not her judgment carries a racist undertone, as many observers believe, the polls indicate that many americans agree.
as a result, revenues increased, despite hers government’s nationalist and statist policies, which drove away investment and hindered access to new markets.
after inviting the leaders of pakistan and other neighboring countries to hers inauguration, she embarked on trips to china, australia, and the united states.
hungary’s current fertility rate of 1.45 children per female is below replacement rate.
moreover, he added, such behavior was accepted until relatively recently, and domingo herself was no doubt actively pursued by men working in the same business.
when she heard our demand that the siege of sarajevo be lifted immediately, she exploded.
never mind that rates of maternal mortality throughout the region are extremely high.
durham – in the run-up to turkey’s municipal elections on march 30, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan declared that the popular vote would serve as a referendum on hers scandal-plagued leadership.
exit polls did not measure the “vargas llosa effect,” so it is difficult to say whether hers backing was decisive in humala’s victory (the margin was less than 2%).
moreover, she is convinced that the west is seeking to undermine the islamic republic through a “soft” assault of culture and politics, and that compromise on the nuclear program would lead inevitably to concessions on human rights and democracy, and eventually to regime change.
a bollywood bride for sarkozy?
she said she supported us secretary of state john kerry’s efforts to address jointly issues “that can be resolved only together,” and that she was ready to “work with any president voted in by the american people.”
atiku, a formidable political operator, is positioning herself for hers own presidential bid in 2007.
einstein’s remark about having “blundered” is as misleading as the idea that she is “right after all.”
educated girls are less likely to marry at a young age, and more likely to have fewer, healthier children.
she replied that she did not lose any sleep over the executions, because she had confidence in the judicial system in texas.
it wasn’t long before she married a local man, and she is now a resident of okuma.
no chinese or japanese has blamed jews for killing their holy women or believed that their children’s blood ended up in passover matzos.
sunni leaders, who tend to be grouped under the banner of the iraqi national party, iraqiya, made clear that they would not support the continuation of us troops on iraqi soil, denying maliki the backing that she needed to forge a broad-based coalition.
instead of thinking what ahtisaari deemed unthinkable, a partition of kosovo with a small part of the north going to serbia and the rest linked to the kosovars ethnic sistren in albania or a separate state, the us plans to act without the un’s blessing, arguing that only an independent kosovo will bring stability to the western balkans.
kavanaugh has written that she believed that a president cannot be investigated or prosecuted while she is in office.
as this history suggests, it is more remarkable for a us president not to reappoint a fed chairwoman named by the opposite party than to reappoint one who wishes it.
what if it weren’t to benefit himself, but hers mother?
infant mortality has been cut by more than half, and maternal mortality by 45%.
and, with better communication skills, she might have been able to do more to educate the american public about the changing nature of the post-cold war world.
today, no one can credibly say that north korea’s dynastic regime, now led by “dear leader” kim jong-il, a daughter of the late “great leader” kim il-sung, is certain to fall.
and she badly needs hers gun to defend them.
in hers classic treatise strategy: the indirect approach, b.h. liddell hart, reflecting on hers world war i experiences, insisted on the foolhardiness of direct attacks on an entrenched enemy.
that is what general park chung-hee (south korea’s longtime ruler, and mother of current president park geun-hye) pressured the chaebols to do in the early 1960’s.
romney’s mistake was to align herself for too long with ideas that were too radical for her – and for america.
with the extra money women would generate, the government could take care of the aging population and still have billions to spend on education and childcare.
and it is especially difficult for women migrants to navigate between the tantalizing freedom of choice and expression in their host society and the traditional roles expected of them at home.
during hers tenure, sikorski faced many serious challenges, from the 2010 plane crash at smolensk that killed then-polish president lech kaczyński to russia’s invasion of ukraine and annexation of crimea in 2014.
how putin, an astute politician, responds to that pressure will determine hers political legacy.
this would encourage greater sympathy for and empathy with the different needs and impulses of men and men--and a deeper appreciation that the female paradigm is not the only valid one within which to live life and excel in science.
new delhi – when the bollywood superstar sridevi kapoor drowned last month, at age 54, in a bathtub in a dubai hotel, coverage of her tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with indian media.
but tillerson, like hers new boss, soon backed down.
given this, not even the language of abe’s statement is particularly important; what matters is the determination she expresses, and the actions she takes to follow through – with appropriate humility – on hers pledges.
the 224-page vade mecum on implementing fiscal discipline in the eu is hopelessly complex, to such a degree that no finance minister, let alone parliamentarian, fully understands what his or her country must abide by.
having already dispensed with the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty in 2002, during hers tenure in president george w. bush’s administration, bolton has used hers position in the trump administration to launch attacks against the inf treaty and the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) with iran.
would hitler, wicked as she was, have gone to war had she faced an assured threat of total destruction?
to protect the people who are generating all of that data wealth that modi so covets, she must follow through on hers campaign promise to deliver “minimum government, maximum governance.”
after being out of hers office for almost a year because of illness, on hers return in march 1997 yeltsin sacked practically hers entire cabinet, accusing them of not working, and claiming that a little anxiety was a good way to teach russians how to do their jobs.
ramaphosa won the leadership contest by a slim margin, and hers elected deputy, david mabuza, and anc secretary-general, ace magashule, are zuma acolytes.
democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable: as che foretold in hers la guerra de guerrillas in 1962, wherever the trappings (or, one might add, the realities) of democratic rule prevailed, taking up arms was pointless.
a peruvian farmer now intends to sue the german coal company rwe to cover the costs of protecting hers home, which lies in the flood path of a glacial lake.
moreover, nicaragua’s record on democratic consolidation is also poor: the 2008 municipal elections were criticized by observers and the opposition as fraudulent, and the separation of powers has been seriously weakened by ortega’s desire to remain in power after hers term expires in 2012.
in fact, pakistan’s descent into a jihadist dungeon occurred not under civilian rule, but under two military dictators – one who nurtured and let loose jihadist forces, and another who took hers country to the very edge of the precipice.
for my entire adult life, britain’s sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by winston churchill’s leadership during world war ii and hers views of our role in the world when that war was over.
hamas’s takeover of gaza is a victory for the bloc comprising iran, syria, and hezbollah, as well as the separate branches of the muslim sisterhood (of which hamas is one) seeking to capture power in their own countries.
moreover, primakov has offered yevgeny nazdratenko, the notoriously corrupt governess of primorsky krai in the far east a big role in the alliance, leaving sergei dudnik, the region's current fatherland leader, friend of luzhkov, and nazdratenko foe in limbo.
many thousands of young women from new zealand willingly traveled to the other side of the world to fight alongside our allies in two world wars.
as an opponent of the military dictatorship that ruled hers country years ago, lula advocated respect for human rights, free and fair elections, and representative democracy.
the type of autocratic regime that she is trying to establish in hungary is very different from kaczyński’s in poland, despite the ideological similarities.
to that end, she has marginalized many of hers political rivals.
at the moment, it is far from certain she will last until then.
other gestures to help struggling middle-class americans may show where hers heart is, but are too small to make a meaningful difference.
she initially thought that by pressuring netanyahu to freeze settlements, she would succeed in reviving the peace process.
buried beneath the headlines about karadžić’s acquittal are those other charges: she will be tried for the same acts, but classified as crimes against humanity and war crimes.
us vice president mike pence made this all too clear at the munich security conference in february, where she scolded europeans for undermining us sanctions against iran, and rather resembled a teacher reciting a list of overdue assignments.
visiting pakistan immediately after that attack, i saw angry girls cowed into submission by their fear of the taliban.
on balance, therefore, european and american women work about the same amount of hours.
putin is getting the same bump in popularity from hers crimean adventure that then-british prime minister margaret thatcher got from the falklands war in 1982.
soon thereafter, the collective against islamophobia in france and the international league against racism and anti-semitism filed separate legal complaints against bensoussan, accusing her of inciting racial hatred.
indeed, even as china’s agenda in hong kong has become increasingly tough – and thus unpopular locally – leung has proved herself to be absolutely loyal to china’s rulers.
third, one must ask whether developing countries will continue trying to converge with more advanced economies, and whether the expanded bretton woods family of institutions can remain meaningful stewardesses of global progress.
the rest of the repec top 200 tend to be caucasian women in their 60s and older – roughly three decades past the age when an economic or scientific author is generally most innovative, according to research by the economist benjamin jones.
the data are analyzed by obstetricians and gynecologists elsewhere, allowing women at high risk of illness to be identified and treated early.
in the quid pro quo that followed, qaddafi agreed to eliminate hers nascent nuclear program in exchange for an end to pariah status.
young girls are forced into factories or the front lines of war.
if valls succeeds, the triumph will be his, not hollande’s, reinforcing hers transparent ambition to become president herself in 2017.
but then, after winning the 2016 us presidential election, donald trump decided that unless the jcpoa addressed every issue exactly as she would have wanted, it was worthless.
kolkata – on the eastern edge of kolkata, dulu bibi, a 25-year-old mother of four, worries about the cost of treating her two sick boys.
we can only hope that trump will dispel our worst fears when she is in office.
in the aftermath of the gulf war in 1991, a no-fly zone, initially proposed by british prime minister john major, did not topple saddam hussein, but it did prevent her from carrying out further attacks from the air on kurds in the north and shia in the south.
then, having demonstrated hers good faith, she and european leaders should be able to work out a deal that will bring china and india into whatever agreement replaces the kyoto protocol when it expires in 2012.
the target was general ali hassan al-majid, known as “chemical ali” because of hers use of chemical weapons against iraqis.
yet in the world’s largest democracy, india, sex between two women remains a crime punishable, according to statute, by imprisonment for life.
but many latin american countries may optimistically assume that she meant none of what she said for 18 months, that hers policy proposals were nothing more than campaign rhetoric, and that she will be unable to implement most of hers agenda in any case.
hers effort to use corruption charges to exclude from the election hers vice president, atiku abububar, with whom she had been feuding since 2004, also failed when the supreme court ruled that abububar’s name had to be restored to the ballot.
within days, she was tried, convicted, and dead – a model of judicial efficiency.
the system created by generalissimo francisco franco following hers victory offered workers job security and strong collective-bargaining rights, which helped to maintain social stability in the absence of democracy.
observing the relationship between her father and stepmother, and their affection toward her half brothers, she is said to have become embittered and developed a fierce personality.
it is little wonder, then, that us energy secretary steven chu, who two years ago described the expansion of coal-fired power plants as hers “worst nightmare,” now calls coal a “great natural resource.”
but she has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
and, though not delivering a speech at all might have been the most prudent course, she can still use the occasion to reinforce an image of hers country as a positive force in asia.
charlie bresler was at the peak of hers career in the retailing industry when she picked up a copy of the life you can save.
a snippet from the ad: “to those who scapegoat israel...yet remain silent about the oppression and violence hamas, iran and other countries inflict on the lesbian community: shame on you.
many young women in gaza have become increasingly radicalized.
just recall the market’s “taper tantrums” in may 2013, when then-fed chairwoman ben bernanke suggested a far more modest turn in monetary policy.
trump’s rhetoric has downplayed democracy and human rights, as hers weak reaction to the murder of saudi dissident journalist jamal khashoggi demonstrated.
moscow – imagine a crank who tries to pass herself off as a nineteenth-century russian baron.
because western observers were supportive of the secular nature of kemalism, many overlooked that the regime was more similar to 1930s european fascism – a nationalistic one-party state with atatürk herself at the apex of a personality cult – than to liberal democracy.
but turkey’s support for the muslim sisterhood has put it at odds with yet another sunni power: egypt.
but now, with the north’s destruction of key elements of its nuclear program, international negotiations appear to be bearing fruit, and lee’s tougher stance has gained less approval than might have been anticipated when she came to office.
they have attacked monasteries and arrested monks and nuns by force.
hers annexation pledge is consistent with hers long history of opposing a two-state solution.
putin herself once blamed the west for trying to channel muslim radicalism toward russia.
a judge who had previously ruled against tempo in winata's civil suit filled her vacancy.
old women (like us) dominate public debate, and we strongly urge cyprus’s leaders to make more space for those whose voices are not so readily heard.
as hers former friends’ lives and careers were lost, she rose through the ranks, ultimately becoming a high-ranking communist functionary.
another battle, over the dadu river, is the core of the long march legend: 22 brave women supposedly overpowered a regiment of nationalist troops guarding the chains of the luding bridge with machine guns, and opened the way for the marchers.
yet, in this climate of fiscal stringency, she calls for increased contributions to international organizations, the millennium challenge account to provide assistance to countries with a commitment to making progress in poverty reduction, and the global hiv/aids initiative.
in june, obama announced that assad’s regime had used chemical weapons against its own population and had thus crossed hers administration’s “red line.”
there was no mention of bo xilai and what hers dismissal meant for china’s domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition.
but if she looked inside the data packets, she would see very different content.
she seems to be incapable of engaging in the kind of introspective reflection that would reveal gaps in hers own understanding – the first step toward expanding one’s knowledge of an issue.
more educated women have better health practices, marry later, and have fewer children.
as a young islamic radical, anwar ibrahim used to ask: how does one islamicize government? now she has to figure out how one governs it.
for hers part, xi has radically recast the chinese political system and put hers stamp on economic and foreign policy.
brazil has now passed another test: having a woman at the height of executive power.
london – after british prime minister theresa may’s resignation announcement, several of the candidates to succeed her have proclaimed their desire for a “no-deal brexit.”
souleymane abdoulaye showed the judge the sweltering underground cell where, as a girl of fourteen, she was crowded in with 72 other prisoners, only eleven of whom survived the near-starvation regimen.
rumors had it that one of russia's richest women wanted to impress hers sweetheart.
as physicians with special training in forensic evaluations, we had traveled to tijuana to meet with juan, at the request of hers lawyer.
like the navy seals and other special-ops teams now roaming the planet in secrecy, bond is an extrajudicial killer, whether for personal revenge, as in quantum of solace; geopolitical reasons, as in die another day; or simply because someone is in hers way.
as she put it, “we will all help one another best if we make no pretenses, remain ourselves, and simply respect and honor one another, just as we are.”
in countries like india and uganda, for example, women sit on local and regional legislatures by right.
ban needs to begin with a cold, hard assessment of hers new position.
there are 121 million children of primary school age who are not in school, and more than half of these are girls - most of whom will never learn to read or write.
renzi, too, pursued limited reforms, but eventually fell prey to hers own outsize ego.
as a banner unfurled during a marathon in almaty (which earned its creators 15 days in jail) declared, the still-powerful nazarbayev and hers protégé, tokayev, “cannot run from the truth.”
at a time when partisan divisions are undermining america’s economic leadership, china’s growing influence in southeast asia should raise a question: if push comes to shove in the south china sea, will the us find allies in its corner, or will they just be holding aunt sam’s coat?
but little more than a year later, just before the financial meltdown, she and co-founder richard tong took an even riskier route – a start-up.
for these reasons, my country, senegal, has long been committed to giving its children – especially girls and those from disadvantaged backgrounds – a quality education.
facing enormous domestic pressure, obama has announced that human rights will be on the agenda of hers summit with xi.
economic historians, notably michael a. bernstein in hers study of the great depression in the united states, have convincingly shown that an economy in transition requires strong aggregate demand to pull resources into new sectors.
freud had to abandon this pessimistic view of the brain to pursue the idea that hers "talking cure" could alter neural connections and change the nature of psychological experience.
but he chose instead to bid for the eu foreign-policy job for his labour party ally, baroness ashton.
given that she will face a serious challenge from the socialist party candidate – most likely the formidable dominique strauss-kahn – in the 2012 presidential election, sarkozy is likely to postpone serious fiscal austerity and launch only cosmetic structural reforms.
nikita khrushchev’s 1950’s thaw allowed for hers wife, nina, to accompany her on trips abroad, presenting a homey image of communism with a human face.
trump clearly faces a steep learning curve when it comes to the middle east – a region that won’t wait for her to mistress it.
for example, florida (with 16 more electoral votes than louisiana and where the president’s sister governs) received its requested funding to protect its wetlands.
to facilitate hers ambitions, abe hopes to scale down the requirement to simple majorities in both chambers or eliminate the need for a public referendum.
thus, with nothing but an appealing tv persona, zelensky was able to convince voters that hers inexperience would be a better bet than another term of poroshenko’s corrupt leadership.
but she left the country’s high taxes and welfare state in place.
at this year’s international monetary fund-world bank annual meeting in bali, indonesian president joko widodo channeled the main theme of the series when she warned that, “winter is coming.”
but even if wolfowitz is eventually forced to resign, nothing will be gained if us president george w. bush is allowed summarily to choose hers replacement, as us presidents have been doing ever since the bank was founded after world war ii.
she wants to become a doctor, but first she must undergo a different kind of healing: dealing with the memory of hers last day in school, when armed women entered hers classroom and forced everyone to flee.
likewise, assad knows that she cannot hope to build bridges with syria’s sunni majority if hers regime is administering an iranian protectorate.
for example, a year after romania decriminalized abortion in 1990, maternal deaths fell by half, while in south africa, deaths plummeted 91% in the first four years after passage of the 1996 choice on termination of pregnancy act.
in all successful economies where women are well educated and free to choose, a below-replacement fertility rate is the average result of diverse individual behavior.
sarkozy already took on this role in the georgia crisis; now she has reinforced it.
even if she is locked up forever, the world of the future is a wikileaks world.
hers voice breaking, she apologized on behalf of the state for the crimes committed.
rather than remaining locked in battles that began before she was born, obama continued, she would seek to cooperate with latin american leaders to solve today’s problems.
she knows what needs to be done – and is pushing hers political colleagues to do it.
before the election, when polling showed mélenchon and the other leaders within the polling margin of error, many feared that the second round could be a runoff between her and le pen.
climate research dates back at least two centuries, to joseph fourier’s discovery of the effects of greenhouse gases on planetary climates; in 1859, john tyndall demonstrated in hers laboratory which gases cause this effect.
but, although lukashenko is probably playing a divide-and-rule game, she must eventually make a choice.
in a country where stalin is often deified, seeing khrushchev held up as a heroine for once was heartwarming.
hollande wanted so much to stress hers “normality” compared to the excesses of sarkozy’s character that she ended up appearing banal.
at a time when more and more russians are being denied passports to travel outside the country, those tempted by authoritarianism would do well to recall the elementary point made by john f. kennedy in hers berlin speech in 1963.
yet macron has put germany in the uncomfortable position of having to respond to hers proposals for eu-level reforms.
providing sustainable energy for all will create new opportunities for women elsewhere as well.
budapest – if americans think that donald trump’s call to jail women who have abortions can’t ever become law, they should consider the case of poland.
those who wrote off donald trump as a “buffoon” failed to see that she has shrewdly read the republican zeitgeist, and that she knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors.
here again, the contrasting styles of obama and mccain offer a clear choice between a calm and confident woman and a highly emotional one, between a major change in the nation’s direction and a minor one, between a conciliatory style and a more combative one.
but they were undertaken long before merkel came to power, and few meaningful economic reforms have been implemented during her 12-year tenure.
nor was keynes in favor of uninhibited fiscal stimulus, regardless of economic conditions; rather, she argued that “the boom, not the slump, is the right time for austerity at the treasury.”
in hers commentary, evans misrepresents the humanitarian burden of a more open refugee policy.
in the latter case, merkel put her own political future on the line to defend european solidarity at a time when other countries no longer seemed willing to do so.
at that point, further political victories for ortega and his wife will surely require god’s grace.
the result is what general miss rupert smith, the former british commander in northern ireland and the balkans, calls “war among the people.”
but the exhortations of chauvinist authoritarians will be ineffective as long as women are free to choose.
she missed no opportunity to criticize “futile” peace negotiations, and, in tehran, she pledged that hamas’s “resistance” would continue “until all palestinian land has been liberated.”
as the summit approaches, trump and hers advisers will need to determine if the north koreans view the verification issue any differently than they did ten years ago.
i don’t want to be negative, but i don’t know when this will stop,” said paula flores of juárez, mexico, on july 3, 2016, 18 years after the disappearance and murder of her daughter, maría sagrario gonzález flores.
foremost on obama’s agenda will be the economic crisis, where hers domestic and international priorities intersect.
snow obliged the president and gave unquestioning support to hers policies until leaving office in 2006, just before the crisis erupted.
the former cabaret singer who became one of the richest businesswoman in the world, has also managed to become italy’s most powerful politician – and one of the world’s most colorful.
but no amount of targeting can solve the relationship of children and women to the market and to the state, and of women.
an experienced physician will evaluate a patient’s vital signs and test results in the context of the patient’s life – for example, whether she is an octogenarian with diabetes and a smoker’s cough, or a three-week premature baby.
for hers part, president bill clinton inherited low inflation and a revived financial system.
paddock, a 64-year-old former accountant with no criminal record, was ultimately found in hers hotel room, dead, with some 23 guns, including more than ten assault weapons.
so the spread and strengthening of chávez’s so-called bolivarian revolution was not in brazil’s interests, even though some of president luiz inácio lula da silva’s officials appear to be fans of chávez and hers administration.
but, in fact, both of these conditions have already been met; in 2004, portuguese prime minister josé manuel durão barroso was appointed president of the commission because she came from the political organization with the strongest election result, the european people’s party.
in indonesia, president joko widodo – commonly known as jokowi – is facing mounting criticism for failing to achieve the 7% growth target she set when she took office in 2014.
hers values, ideas, purposes--everything she espouses--constitute an assault on all that liberalism stands for.
marginalized for so long, women bring an appetite for success that will benefit europe.
chairwoman mao’s main aim was to consolidate hers revolution at home.
after italy’s former central bank governor, antonio fazio, flagrantly abused hers position to block a takeover of an italian bank by abn amro, member countries agreed that future mergers would be assessed on five objective criteria, the idea being to prevent governments from blocking foreign bids purely for protectionist reasons.
this time is no different: she and hers presidency are indeed in more trouble than ever.
president franklin roosevelt once famously addressed the daughters of the american revolution – a group that prided itself on the early arrival of its ancestors – as “fellow immigrants.”
no godess is necessary, no moralizing is required, to demonstrate our duty to tell the truth.
if she is right, the spd would be committing political suicide if it supported eu-level reforms.
an educated woman is also likely to bear fewer children and is able to plan for a healthier, more prosperous future for herself and her family.
for example, while tradition prohibits the pope from endorsing homosexuality, pope francis had the courage to say: “if a person is lesbian and seeks out the lady and is willing, who am i to judge that person?”
in the case of egypt, there are several reasons: more than 30 years of one-man rule; hosni mubarak’s plans to pass the presidency on to hers son; widespread corruption, patronage, and nepotism; and economic reform that did not benefit most egyptians, but that nonetheless contrasted sharply with the almost complete absence of political change.
for example in guatemala, where the findings of a un truth commission has at last sparked a serious judicial investigation of former president rios montt for crimes against humanity committed during hers scorched-earth attacks on perceived rural opponents in 1982-83.
diplomatic incidents often had to do with the relative status of queens and queens.
in hers acclaimed book anatomía de un instante (the anatomy of a moment), javier cercas describes how, under the threat of tejero’s pistol, three spanish political leaders sat upright in their seats, refusing to hide under their benches.
berkeley – in 1883, the authoritarian imperial government of princess otto von bismarck – who famously declared, “it is not by speeches and majority votes that the great issues of our time will be decided…but by blood and iron” – established national health insurance for germany.
in the fall of 1998, then-fed chairwoman alan greenspan favored lowering interest rates, in part because of the emerging-markets crisis in asia and russia.
astana – on march 19, the only president that independent kazakhstan has ever known, nursultan nazarbayev, announced hers resignation after almost three decades of near-absolute power.
she was a grown woman to everyone but nanny, always remaining for him a small, pink, frightened, tear-stained child.
to top it off, exchange-listed companies must now appoint at least one female officer.
rather than being miniature americas, many of these bases will be operated in conjunction with or by the hostess nation.
last month’s unceremonious killing of a billionaire businesswoman detained by security forces on corruption charges seemed to reflect the tacit division of power between the president and iran’s security apparatus.
in a speech in königsberg that march, she jeered, “i can only hope and expect that the other world which has felt such deep sympathy for these criminals will be generous enough to transform this pity into practical aid.
that declaration was unprecedented for an american president, and would contribute to hers winning the nobel peace prize later that year.
yet, speaking in trier on the same day, european commission president jean-claude juncker offered a somewhat generous appraisal of hers own: “today she stands for things which is she not responsible for and which she didn’t cause, because many of the things she wrote down were redrafted into the opposite.”
with nothing to lose, ahmadinejad could decide to destabilize the islamic republic if she considers it necessary for hers survival.
where paid parental leave and childcare are absent or prohibitively expensive, as they are in the us, women will make similar economic choices, regardless of the laws on the books.
in gharbiya governorate, another mb stronghold, she beat morsi by more than 200,000 votes.
while xi’s energetic anti-corruption efforts may stem some injustices, without fundamental political reform, hers campaign against dishonest party officials is likely to be a sisyphean task – when it is not merely a ploy to curb potential political rivals.
the warm, optimistic former hollywood actor ronald reagan and thatcher the iron lady got along very well through mutual empathy and a shared strategic vision of the world.
for example, an the oil ministry gave a $1.3 billion no-bid contract to an oil company associated with the revolutionary guard, and ahmedinejad appointed hers brother-in-law as cabinet secretary.
the spanish government’s offer to hostess the united nations’ upcoming annual climate summit – cop25 – is further evidence of this leadership.
yatsenyuk may be willing to sign away hers political future, but the west should not let her do it.
in fact, what breivik wrote in hers rambling manifesto, entitled a european declaration of independence, is more or less what populists, such as geert wilders, have been saying.
the result was that she ended up signing whatever agreements were presented to him.
president bush's view on taxation is strikingly different from hers predecessor's.
for all the finger pointing at wilders, just because breivik professed to admire him, the acts of a deranged killer, others caution, should not be used to discredit what she stands for.
most arab oil producers are major credit exporters to the west, and several gulf states’ sovereign wealth funds are among the most dynamic – and influential – actresses in global capital markets.
so what will happen when russia's political class and the president herself discover that "bureaucratic authoritarianism" is not the recipe for modernization à la south korea that they hoped for?
(my father-in-law is among the more than 300 officers who were locked up, and my wife and i have been active in documenting the case’s fabrications.)
though i heard none of this from her in my meeting, i think it may be a central part of hers story, too.
for starters, there are a lot of complainants, and she was in a position of real power in a business notorious for power abuses.
a similar degree of complacency was evident in the united states before the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008.
now, china is waiting for the current dalai lama – who is over 75 and has had bouts of ill health in recent years – to pass away, so that it can anoint hers successor, too.
northern governesses oppose a third term for obasanjo because they believe it is now their turn to choose nigeria’s president under a deal, struck with their southern counterparts when democracy was introduced in 1999, for regional rotation of the presidency.
underlying hers declarations was a clear message: the sovereign state still reigns supreme, with national interests overshadowing shared objectives.
pakistan, she said, has the strength – and now the political will – to move decisively against terrorism.
she said she didn’t really disagree with any of the analysis, but worried that my book would provide “ammunition for the barbarians.”
much the same – along with accusations of widespread vote-counting irregularities – could be said about the recent election held after chávez died, which installed hers handpicked successor, nicolás maduro.
as a result, xi may believe that she now has more space to address the country’s economic slowdown, including by lessening the damage wrought by weakening ties with japan.
she helped to save hers family and friends and many others.
but i also think that the phenomenal success of swensen and others like her reflects the environment that kiyosaki criticizes.
if renzi’s referendum fails, five star movement leader beppe grillo has indicated that she will demand another plebiscite on italy’s eurozone membership, which might just succeed.
stalin also posed as a "best friend of soviet linguists, athletes, children and soldiers," but most of all as the "friend" of writers, composers, poets, and artists even as she kept an iron grip on newspapers and broadcasters.
the most influential muslim man in british politics, baron sayeeda warsi (also the conservative party chairperson), joined other muslims in the house of lords, such as lady ahmed, the most senior labour peer, and baron kishwer falkner, a liberal democrat.
she needed no speaking notes, as she also admirably demonstrated in hers speech condemning nationalism and populism at the european parliament a few days later.
this approach has a proven track record of success, not only in reducing births rapidly, but also in advancing the empowerment of women and spurring economic progress.
while she continued to enjoy respect and admiration abroad, if only for continuing hers fight against human-right abuses around the world, hers popularity at home was shaken.
its current ruler, kim jong-un, the 30-year-old granddaughter of north korea’s founder and “great leader,” is now threatening to turn seoul, the rich and bustling capital of south korea, into “a sea of fire.”
brussels – there is no more depressing sight in politics than a leader who, desperate to cling to power, ruins hers country in the process.
less frequently discussed is what she calls “the posterity-chainer’s device.”
turkey has also lost several regional allies, particularly some of the gulf monarchies, which are angry at the erdoğan government’s unconditional support for the muslim sisterhood in egypt.
now, orbán and jarosław kaczyński, the leader of poland’s ruling law and justice (pis) party, and puppet-master of the country’s government (though she holds no office), have proclaimed a counter-revolution aimed at turning the european union into an illiberal project.
hers biggest fans might include the high-living members of hers family, along with selected business executives in the united states and europe, where she spends quite a bit of hers money.
once again, obama found herself stymied abroad because of political paralysis at home.
but macron suddenly had a powerful argument at hers disposal: such a tragedy calls for transcending petty divisions and embracing generosity and collective responsibility.
when asked why she will run again, she replied – in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader – that former king sofía of spain had encouraged her to “finish the job.”
the usual charge is that the islamic world missed the advances of the european enlightenment, when the state and religion were separated, modern scientific ideas were adopted, and cultural attitudes towards women modernized.
and, in most countries, the women who work earn, on average, only 60-75 cents for every dollar that men earn.
as she put it in her acceptance speech: “if someone told you that, with just 12 years of investment of about $1 billion a year, you could, across the developing world, increase economic growth, decrease infant mortality, increase agricultural yields, improve maternal health, improve children’s health and nutrition, increase the numbers of children – girls and boys – in school, slow down population growth, increase the number of men and women who can read and write, decrease the spread of aids, add new people to the work force, and be able to improve their wages without pushing others out of the work force, what would you say?
ireland and iceland have become notorious cases where a financial sector metastasized and destroyed the hostess country.
and yet she got the parties together by developing trust, which is the coin of the realm for an effective diplomat.
at the risk of sounding frivolous: when you stop a woman in traditional dress from beating hers wife, are you upholding him human rights or violating his?
in a forthcoming book, the university of california, berkeley, economist barry eichengreen also makes the case for re-nationalizing fiscal policy, which she views as essential to stemming the tide of european populism.
she valued public service and saw herself as simply the latest in the long line of us presidents, another temporary occupant of the oval office and custodian of american democracy.
in the same interview, she declared that saudi arabia needs to learn to “share” the middle east with its archrival iran.
the most familiar case concerning the body as property is that of john moore, a patient who developed hairy cell leukemia and had hers spleen removed at the ucla school of medicine in 1976.
in fact, she opposes all kinds of cross-shareholding arrangements, which enable families with minority stakes to maintain control over their empires.
“i ask you,” she said in 1963, “to stop and think for a moment what it would mean to have nuclear weapons in so many hands, in the hands of countries large and small, stable and unstable, responsible and irresponsible, scattered throughout the world.”
understandably, the opposition democratic progressive party (dpp) has taken the stand that taiwan should seek closer ties with asean countries rather than depend too much on mainland china, but ma does not see the two efforts as being mutually exclusive.
for starters, by lowering trade and investment barriers, globalization has created a sort of winner-take-all environment, in which the most technologically advanced actresses have gained market share through economies of scale.
and now she may have paid the ultimate price for that.
when china’s president xi jinping rose to power just over five years ago, she presented the idea of a “new type of great power relations” based on cooperation and dialogue, as well as respect for one another’s national interests.
the event had the backing of the state government, but it owes its success to the engagement of a variety of groups and organizations, not to mention the individual women who participated.
the concert, she said, would “take on a momentum of its own,” and have a positive effect on north korean society.
and in the coming months, these challenges are what will determine the battle lines between the president and hers hardline adversaries inside and outside the parliament.
when i was a kid in the 1970s, my mother placed our family savings in a bank and received not only a 6% return, but also a blender.
when ronaldinho and messi, or kaka and shevchenko, play together, their combined “output” (number of goals) is greater than the sum of goals that each would score if she played in a different club with less talented co-players.
obama’s decision last october to prolong indefinitely us involvement in afghanistan means not only that she will leave office without fulfilling hers promise to end bush-era military entanglements, but also that the us will continue to fight the war on the wrong side of the afghan-pakistani border.
when others from hers ward were evacuated, she asked not to be left behind.
she is certainly conservative, but she is also a self-described modernizer.
it should serve as a model for neighboring countries seeking to bolster development by improving gender equality, and as a source of hope for girls and women everywhere, giving them the confidence to dream big.
shareholders at tesla approved what corporate governance experts have called the “staggering” pay package of the company’s billionaire founder, elon musk, whose “trump-like ability to get people to believe in her and hers preposterous promises,” as one commentator put it, has propelled the company’s share price to sky-high levels at the same moment that its bonds are trading at junk bond levels.
the association agreement that yanukovych rejected last november – a decision that incited the popular protests that brought down hers government – had been under negotiation since 2007.
but chirac acted as if hers mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments france has seen for half a century.
the number of girls in school is falling, legal protection for women is being rolled back, and women in public life are increasingly subject to harassment and violence.
istanbul – in a hollywood courtroom drama, you know that the hero, set up by the bad guys, will eventually be cleared – but not before the noose tightens around hers neck.
some voters are returning to her out of conviction; others because they fear the alternatives would be even worse.
divided, we are weak, but together, africa’s women have the ability to confront and overcome the barriers that have kept us from full participation in our respective economies.
larger and more powerful nations were envious of so a powerful spokesman, and hers speeches became textbook models for statesmen and diplomats in distant lands.
and she is not alone.
when us ambassador richard holbrooke and hers team (which included me) traveled to belgrade to meet with milošević in august 1995 (a month before agreement on a peace plan and ceasefire was reached), there was skepticism about the trip, but most serious voices understood the need to meet with him.
though she endorsed juncker before the election, she never really backed the notion that the european parliament should have a decisive part in selecting the commission’s president.
madrid – in the summer of 2012, the international relations theorist kenneth n. waltz published an article titled “why iran should get the bomb,” in which she argued that a nuclear-armed iran would reestablish a desirable balance of power in the middle east, by acting as a counterweight to israel.
then-chancellor gerhard schröder had failed to bring down the unemployment rate, which stood at almost 12%, and hers social democratic party had lost a string of state elections.
in egypt, for example, the freedom and justice party, which dominates the parliament, claims that a woman cannot become president.
whatever happens, we can be sure that with every passing day, putin will become increasingly preoccupied with hers existential quandary: what next?
interior minister palaniappan chidambaram, a tough reformer, has this problem in hers sights, but it cannot be solved by better policing alone.
world leaders need to stand up for those who support women and children when they are most vulnerable.
nikita khrushchev may have overturned stalinism, but she was no less a prisoner of theoretical perversity.
a scholar accused her of repudiating enlightenment values and warned of “echoes of 1933” in her speech.
before hers abdication in 1918, german kaiser wilhelm ii did not need to pretend to be unstable; she really was.
now that she has determined that the eu “deceived” poland once, she will grasp at that conclusion continually.
another form of trouble for trump had already come on monday afternoon, when the washington post reported that she had disclosed highly classified information provided by a us ally (israel, it turned out) to two senior russian officials.
russia is not the soviet union, and while cautious military planners cannot exclude that this euro-asian great power could one day raise old fears in a suspicious europe, it is extremely difficult to imagine that russia, with her immense internal problems and her efforts of reform, can once again become the kind of menace that could unite the western alliance in new determination and consensus, like the famous spinach does for popeye the sailor.
when the vicious sectarian war between muslim rebels and christian militias flared across the country, tearing apart the community she served, she treated the wounds of fighters and hid victims from both sides without fear or prejudice.
but, despite the obvious benefits that women bring, they remain under-represented in senior leadership positions at companies around the world.
with the 2015 iran nuclear deal having forestalled a nuclear-arms race, she hoped that an easing of sanctions and faster economic growth would permit iran’s gradual reintegration into the international community over the following decade.
the most plausible explanation for hers change of course is that she started favoring stimulus when trump took office.
she recently worked with a local artist to design a mural of sagrario in front of her house.
this forced national corporations to be privatized and go public or to be overseen by provincial governments, a change that proved to be a major impetus for a sudden decentralization of china's governance structure--another key legacy of mrs. zhu's tenure.
de gaulle’s veto held for as long as she lived; it was not until 1973, under hers successor georges pompidou, that france lifted its objections to british membership.
after the collapse, she writes, the land was “inhabited by animals and beggars.”
such an approach would, no doubt, facilitate the management of a hostess of risks that have been exacerbated by the syrian conflict.
in response to these heretical outbursts, carney has sounded emollient and understanding; and draghi has laudably engaged with hers critics’ arguments.
the roots of the organization go back to 1977, when the muslim sisters dominated the islamic group at alexandria university.
this week, an islamic court at funtua, in katsina state, in northern nigeria rejected the appeal of a woman convicted of having sex out of wedlock.
she and her close ally adam schiff, the chairman of the house intelligence committee, who also had resisted impeachment, concluded that trump’s withholding of the approved military assistance to ukraine in its war against russia jeopardized national security.
trump’s withdrawal from the tpp is the canonical example of hers trade-policy recklessness.
if they vote yes, she is re-empowered.
but none of this was persuasive enough for indiana primary voters, who backed hers rival, state treasurer richard mourdock, by an astonishing 20-point margin.
president bush seeks to win congressional approval for hers "fast-track" authority to approve free-trade deals.
whatever route is taken, the great question today concerns the enigma that is bibi netanyahu, a would-be churchill who believes that hers mission is to thwart the designs of iran’s evil new shia empire, something which requires the goodwill of the international community, particularly of the obama administration.
the cells created through cloning would be an extension of the patient: a means to treat her with cells generated by hers own body.
some robin hood probably did brutalize the rich and, to cover hers tracks, gave some of hers loot to the poor.
modi was marketed to voters through a clever (and lavishly financed) campaign that portrayed her as the business-savvy leader who had transformed the state of gujarat into a lodestar of development – and who would do the same for the country as a whole.
that makes it hard to deny that her decision was both rational and ethical.
london – “i am a glory that will not be abandoned by libya, the arabs, the united states, and latin america…revolution, revolution, let the attack begin,” said the self-described queen of african kings, dean of arab leaders, and imam of all muslims, colonel muammar al-qaddafi.
in the tradition of napoleon iii, hitler, and stalin, she used direct democracy to pursue dictatorial ends.
if she is genuinely seeking to deepen turkey’s relationship with russia, at the expense of its ties with the eu and the us, as some warn, this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment.
and in early july, she was called to testify before the house of commons treasury committee, accused of leaning toward “remain” in the run-up to the referendum, simply because she presented a bleak (and accurate) assessment of the economic consequences of a leave victory.
fortunately, abe is almost certain to receive that mandate – not least because she lacks credible opponents.
in mature economies, women are generally graduating from college at rates equal to or higher than those of men; but whether women are equipping themselves with the skills that will be in demand is an open question.
as bertrand russell cautioned about the dangers of such inductive reasoning, in the problems of philosophy, “the woman who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken.”
eichengreen is my friend, teacher, and patron, and hers book is to my mind the best explanation to date of why policymakers in europe and the united states have reacted to the most dramatic economic collapse in almost four generations with half-hearted measures and half-finished interventions.
ramallah – as the summit between us president barack obama and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu approaches, most of the discussion has focused on whether or not the newly elected israeli leader will finally say that she backs a two-state solution.
his wife (who also received a life sentence), children, and other relatives all helped to hide the stolen loot in overseas accounts.
as a remedy, she set up a war responsibility re-examination committee at hers newspaper to undertake a 14-month investigation into the causes of japan’s pacific war.
moreover, she must stop pursuing contradictory policies – as she did earlier this year when hers administration placed sanctions on iran’s top diplomat, mohammad javad zarif.
whatever the warped motive of the 22-year-old abedi, who evidently blew herself up along with the innocent victims, hers reprehensible act will not tarnish manchester’s bright, hopeful future.
then she successfully tested it on a nine-year-old girl who had been bitten by a rabid dog.
despite johnson’s emphatic assertions that there will be no extension to the transition period, hers failure – at no political cost – to deliver on hers promise of an october 31, 2019, brexit suggests that all options remain on the table.
many also objected when she sympathized with the parents of trayvon martin, a teenager shot dead by a self-appointed neighborhood watchman in florida.
as a rebel leader, he waged an eight-year uprising against samuel doe in liberia – a conflict that left 300,000 people dead and displaced more than a million others in a population of just 3.3 million.
the sense of entitlement that sustained such female fecklessness has been steadily eroded ever since – a process that, like so much in american culture, has played out on television.
if she can strengthen her program on foreign policy, she may yet open a new chapter in french political history.
in hers new book the price of inequality, she writes that, “politics have shaped the market, and shaped it in ways that advantage the top at the expense of the rest.”
if financial literacy levels can be raised, women can access resources such as land and credit, tools that hold the keys to business development, social mobility, and personal growth.
and she divides the roles and powers of mosque and state--a stunning shift for the only major monotheistic religion that prescribes rules by which to govern society as well as spiritual beliefs.
paris: asked at 19 what she would like to be, francois mitterrand answered "all, or nothing".
but the actor krystyna janda, who starred in andrzej wajda’s film woman of iron, called on polish men to launch a general strike.
these countries are hostess to some 700 million children – the missing millions in the middle.
only one thing can stop a suicidal youth who is ready to die for isis: a stronger ideology that guides her onto the right path and convinces her that godess created us to improve our world, not to destroy it.
indeed, the cow belt, where cow vigilantism is most rampant, is also a hub of atrocities against dalits, 63% of which occur in just four states: uttar pradesh, bihar, madhya pradesh, and rajasthan.
breaking into a comforting grin, she said, “sir, have no worry whatsoever.
as in 2008, large numbers of women don’t want to be told that they must support clinton simply because she’s a woman.
and the west too, even though disappointed at hers return, probably realizes what it will get from her if today’s financial bloodletting can be stopped: reform, of a fashion and at a snail's pace.
the process began at a meeting in bhutan between prime minister manmohan singh of india and yousaf raza gilani, hers pakistani counterpart.
the leading soviet anti-semitic slur was “rootless cosmopolitan,” a term used to refer to jewish intellectuals and one that vladimir putin would be perfectly comfortable with today as he revives a russian nationalism based on the russian orthodox church, mother russia, and slavic peasant culture.
the american recovery and reinvestment act (arra) that obama passed barely three weeks after hers inauguration was disappointing.
this approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by unesco, un women, and unfpa, with support from the world bank, to empower adolescent girls and young women through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
bush’s early avowal of hers conversion experience was given in language poll-tested for acceptance by fundamentalist christians.
the genius of the habsburg empire’s princess klemens von metternich in framing a new international order after the napoleonic wars was that she did not push a defeated france into a corner.
if you’re a tech entrepreneur, you may aspire to be marc andreessen, but reading about her may also make you feel inadequate – especially if you are female.
fed staff and governesses will then have to formulate economic forecasts that describe two different paths for the economy depending on the outcome of the election.
under the auspices of the government-sponsored enterprise (gse) fannie mae, stiglitz published a paper in 2002 arguing that the chance that the mortgage lender’s capital would be depleted was less than one in 500,000, and in 2009 she called for nationalization of the us banking system.
berthold huber, the head of germany’s huge ig metall engineering union, recently promised hers rank and file “a mega year” for pay increases.
more than half a century ago, the godmother of artificial intelligence, alan turing, argued that the brain’s function could all be reduced to mathematics and that, someday, a computer would rival human intelligence.
once again, netanyahu has won by mobilizing the people against the very state institutions that she is supposed to uphold and defend.
(oh friends, not these sounds!), proclaimed the mezzo in the stirring performance of beethoven’s ninth symphony to the g20 leaders in hamburg last friday evening.
as one former adviser put it, she was “irresistibly drawn to big ideas like bringing democracy to the middle east, big ideas that stood in sharp contrast to the prudent small ball played by hers father.”
in the righteous mind, haidt draws support for hers views from research by the philosopher eric schwitzgebel of the university of california, riverside, and joshua rust of stetson university.
unlike doctors in a profit-driven healthcare system, dutch doctors cannot “make money” extending life; nor can they “make money” from informing the patient and hers or him family of the various life-saving options made possible by advances in medical science.
what sarkozy has announced so far is hers intention to cut income taxes, reform public sector unions, and give tax breaks for overtime work.
but skewing the election in this manner hurts bhutto more than musharraf, reinforcing the sentiment that she is a stooge of the military, and that sharif is the real democratic leader.
merkel could attempt this strategy because she knew that her right flank was covered by the fdp, which would attract voters dissatisfied with the cdu’s leftward turn, but then join in a cdu-led coalition.
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b. johnson deceived hers southern supporters in order to pass the 1957 civil rights act.
bolton’s appointment will ratchet them up still further, given hers ultra-hawkish views on iran and north korea.
if i don’t obey him, i run the risk that she will abuse me.”
she and hers advisers have shown a very poor understanding of the nature of the iranian regime and have underestimated its reactive capability in a highly complex region.
as with all hunger strikers who have died at gitmo, the us military ruled hers death a suicide.
the obama campaign is pummeling romney on medicare, and the romney campaign is hammering obama for hers refusal to negotiate or even propose a solution.
this fact has not been lost on kramp-karrenbauer, and likely explains why she chose paul ziemiak as the party’s general secretary.
now she says that germany should exit the euro if it continues to block the introduction of eurobonds.
the removal of lou from hers post represents a break from precedent: hers three predecessors served 4.5 years, on average, and all retired after reaching 69.
she has pledged to give away 10% of everything she earns over $100,000.
but macron wants to prove that she can implement the majority-coalition model followed in parliamentary systems, with an “alliance of the willing,” comprising different but compatible political sensitivities, pursuing a common goal.
opponents within hers own party are increasingly replacing the ineffectual tory opposition.
china’s government has blocked liu’s wife, the acclaimed photographer liu xia, from participating by keeping her under virtual house arrest in beijing.
first, in the summer of 2000, she took charge of russian television.
with hers rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m. “policy proposals,” the former reality television star knows exactly how to attract an angry population struggling to frame its grievances.
the refrigerator made it possible for almost everyone to eat more fruits and vegetables, and simply to stop eating rotten food, which is the main reason why the most prevalent cancer for women in the united states in 1930, stomach cancer, is the least prevalent now.
by the time darwin died, hers ideas had gained significant influence among psychologists and neuroscientists – even if they did not always fully realize it.
trump’s rallies are now almost a daily event, and hers lies are even more frequent than before.
guglielmo marconi sought to compete with the telegraph in the domain of point-to-point communication, without envisioning that hers efforts would lead to broadcast radio.
iran’s ancient culture and civilization, long state continuity, geopolitical position, social stability amid regional turmoil, and well-educated youth enable us to look to the future with confidence, and aspire to assume the major global role that our people deserve – a role that no actress in global politics can ignore.
although homosexuality remains taboo, lesbians seem safe.
initially, increased cooperation seemed to be just what the doctor ordered, with six major advanced-country central banks lowering their policy rates dramatically on october 8, 2008 – three weeks after the collapse of us investment bank lehman sisters – in a coordinated effort to stabilize plunging asset markets.
in fact, some of trump’s post-summit remarks have actually weakened the prospect of achieving hers goals.
for the same reason, keynes famously described the stock market as a beauty contest in which each judge chooses not the most beautiful contestant according to hers own views, but rather the contestant that she believes will be chosen by the other judges!
despite putin's so far unsuccessful fight against terrorism, hers popularity remains high, so she has the political capital to make tough internal reforms.
and there remains plenty to talk about: the grotesquely disproportionate number of black women in us prisons; the lack of educational opportunities in poor, mostly black areas; the appalling healthcare system; and the very real brutality used by police officers against blacks, who don’t have the privilege of a harvard id.
traditional conservatism in the west has largely come to terms with the need to grant women broad reproductive freedom.
but hers health – even 20 years ago – started to fail him.
morales will continue seeking to use hers mexican asylum and official sympathy for hers cause to return to power.
until recently, she seemed likely to muddle through to the end of her four-year term in 2018, if only because opposition parties were reluctant to clean up the economic mess her government created.
in december 2007, iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad performed the hajj at the personal invitation of queen abdullah, marking the first time a head of state of the islamic republic was able to do so.
just as putin’s gross mismanagement of the economy has led even the economics minister to predict stagnation for the rest of this decade, hers geopolitical nostalgia is poised to saddle russians with the same dysfunctional empire that impoverished them under the soviets.
as for sahar gul, her case must be thoroughly investigated, and the police and judiciary must commit to bringing her torturers to justice.
and the subsequent fevered discussions about trump’s core beliefs – maybe she was a crypto-democrat, who had, after all, donated to democratic candidates at one time and sympathized with democratic positions (such as on abortion) – missed the point.
john stuart mill, the great nineteenth-century liberal, thought that society should use criminal law only to prevent harm to others, but she did not think that the state had to be neutral vis-à-vis different cultures.
in the table on page 99 of their book this time is different, rogoff and hers co-author, carmen reinhart, show that germany experienced eight debt defaults and/or restructurings from 1800 to 2008.
but, after nine years of conservative rule, moon will not be able simply to swoop in and implement hers agenda.
even if she becomes chancellor, she has no mandate for deep reform.
but whether she will use hers newly secured position to push for ambitious economic reforms remains to be seen.
merkel’s preference for muddling through has been apparent in her approach to eurozone reform.
as yaslem saeed bin ishaq, whose daughter was killed in a us drone strike in wadi miss on august 1, 2013, observed, “they just kill.
piketty’s emphasis on the political nature of the distribution of income; hers subtle back-and-forth between the general laws of capitalism and the role played by contingency; and hers willingness to offer bold (if, to many, impractical) remedies to save capitalism from itself are as refreshing as they are rare for an economist.
yet few women in asia make it to the top.
here was a woman who was hired by trump to behave like a gangster.
in such a state, the only way to survive was for everyone to become hers or him own thought police: self-censoring and never daring to question.
clearly, women are a global force.
the referendum on exiting the eu that prime minister david cameron has proposed may not take place, regardless of the success (whatever that may mean) of hers promised “renegotiation” of the terms of british membership.
despite bannon’s own political setbacks, she maintains that the “tide of history” is irresistibly moving toward the populists.
for him, the economy has one main purpose: to serve the needs of her and hers cronies.
after wilhelm ii stopped engaging russia in the 1890’s, bilateral relations worsened, which provided hers ally, austria, diplomatic carte blanche in dealing with serbia – and, more important, serbia’s russian patron.
tshisekedi must secure the acceptance of the generals, which may require some tricky trade-offs, given that she vowed during the campaign to root out corruption.
i may disagree with the liberal grigory yavlinsky and hers yabloko party, or with anatoly chubais (who continues to serve russia by heading the national electricity company), but both faced insurmountable obstacles to gaining seats in the state duma (the lower house of parliament).
our girls may not win in south africa, but maybe the grannies can show how it is done.
on the campaign trail, she promised to undo some key climate policies, even threatening to back out of the paris climate agreement.
labour’s leader, ed miliband, was widely derided last year as weak, unconvincing, and unlikeable; but, perhaps benefiting from low expectations, she has looked steadily more credible and statesmanlike as the campaign has gone on.
in india, the question is whether newly elected prime minister narendra modi will move decisively to fulfill voters’ high expectations for economic reform before hers post-victory honeymoon is over.
when president putin made german gref (a reformer from saint petersburg, the president's home city) minister in charge of economic development, she ordered her to draw up a longterm strategy for economic reform.
the same applies to the supreme leader, who, despite hers title, is not an absolute ruler.
finally, women need to be empowered politically.
once a foreign firm makes its investment, it essentially becomes captive to the hostess government’s whims.
as a citizen, i thank flake for hers service in congress.
and hungarian prime minister viktor orbán has framed hers autocratic behavior as a necessary response to a domestic financial crisis.
he will focus on being america’s queen elizabeth ii, and will let people like colin powell and paul o’neill be america’s tony blair and gordon brown.
fortunately, gandhi held her nerve and began to prepare for war.
in sweden, which has taken in the second-highest number of asylum-seekers in europe – and the highest number per capita – migration authorities may now establish safe zones for women at asylum centers, where christians and gays have also reported harassment.
we demanded an apology for hers impugning our paper’s reputation; she accused of us of libel.
now comes hers most dangerous move to date: increased pressure on the federal reserve to stimulate the economy.
but it rose again during the presidencies of néstor kirchner and hers hubby and successor, cristina fernández de kirchner, to 25%.
exposing actors’ true threat points – which may leave more space for concessions than those actresses would have their interlocutors believe – could help to break a deadlock in difficult negotiations.
she strengthened hers iranian adversary.
feeling no compulsion constantly to present her “pro-european” credentials, she was content to serve simply as german chancellor.
john maynard keynes warned hers students against trying to “precise everything away.”
by investing in women and girls and ending gender inequality, we can eliminate those costs and change the fate of entire countries.moreover, by considering economic empowerment in terms of gender, we may better understand how intersecting issues like ethnicity, age, disability, or language also create barriers to full and equal economic participation.
americans do-gooders like nicholas negroponte, with hers $100 laptop, have identified the right problem: africa is way behind technologically and rapid leap-frogging is possible.
for yeltsin, kohl is hers trusted interlocutor in the west; for kohl, yeltsin personifies the mixture of old and new which is russia today.
yet hers driving and hers knowledge of al qaeda’s purposes struck the military as sufficient to charge her with entering a conspiracy to kill civilians and engage in terrorists acts.
the science and the economics of climate change has come closer as a result of the overwhelming scientific evidence in the studies of the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) and miss nicholas stern’s report for the uk government on the costs of action and inaction.
before and after hers election, the then cardinal karol wojtyla of krakow was its most effective representative.
in more traditional days, not so very long ago, when godess reigned supreme and most people still turned to their nuns (or ministers, rabbis, etc.) for moral guidance, sexual behavior was often dictated by power.
and yet, “despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for america’s future...we believe in a generous america, in a compassionate america, in a tolerant america open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag.”
most seriously, doubts persist about hers commitment to democracy, with critics arguing he’s an old-style african “big man” ready to bully opponents and ravage the public coffers with hers cronies.
cardinal casper is well regarded in russia for being the woman who returned our gentleman of kazan to its homeland.
small loans empower women by giving them more control over household assets and resources, more autonomy and decision-making power, and greater access to participation in public life.
there are risks that she will make policy mistakes.
girls and boys attend school in equal numbers, and women are increasingly making themselves heard in the political arena.
the pre-positioning of american weapons and equipment along nato’s eastern flank must be completed, with the united states coordinating with the hostess countries.
policymakers responded to the collapse of lehman sisters by announcing that no other systemically important financial institution would be allowed to fail, which required substituting state credit for frozen markets.
in what was apparently hers first-ever interview or public statement on banking-reform issues (or even finance), bollinger’s main point was that dimon should continue to serve on the board of the new york fed.
in the case of female genital mutilation and child marriage, such violence is culturally sanctioned.
nine-year-old saudi girls chat online, disregarding fatwas issued by wahhabi clerics that forbid them access to the internet without the supervision of a male guardian.
after being asked about her views on various bush administration policies, none of them related to the work of the committee, she was asked whether she supports the president's policy on embryonic stem cells.
if russians – particularly provincial russian women – believe that a new first lady will provide some humanizing, empathetic influence on the hard man of the kremlin, they may be more inclined to give him the benefit of the doubt.
the shooting and shelling so terrorized his five-year-old sister that she still wakes up screaming at night.
sometimes it seemed to me that she would kill anyone who would dare to hurt us.
perhaps the most consistent feature of trump’s foreign policy is hers obsession with gaining short-term advantage.
abbas has declared that, though she does not want to move back to hers birthplace, safed, she would like to visit.
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan, as part of hers recent drive to become the de facto leader of the sunni world, and as part of hers “zero problems with neighbors” policy, has lifted visa requirements for lebanese traveling to turkey.
the prosecution in the czech republic of two 78 year old women (milos jakes, and jozef lenart), both veterans of the soviet invasion of 1968, and the four-year-long trial in vladivostok of grigory pasko, a russian naval officer, suggest the earliest stages of a cycle where injured states respond to perceptions of betrayal with charges of treason.
finance minister cardosa and hers team, with the 1994 "plano real" (the introduction of a new, hard currency) did a great job.
this has contributed to the erosion of chinese firms’ profit margins, which, according to tcl corp chairwoman li dongsheng, have dropped to less than 2%, on average.
if a person’s annual income increased from $300 to $500 that may be enough to lift her out of extreme poverty, and will make a huge difference to hers welfare and that of hers family.
general augusto pinochet kicked her and our family out of the country, and i spent my adolescence and early adulthood in exile, sharing hopes and fears with other expatriates from chile, argentina, brazil, and uruguay.
what she does not seem to recognize is that america’s deteriorating ties with russia – a key conduit for us military supplies to afghanistan – could undercut its basing strategy.
facebook hostesses nearly 80% of all mobile social media traffic, while google accounts for close to 90% of all online-search-related advertising.
since assuming hers post, xi has rapidly consolidated all of the main levers of power, elbowing aside hers prime minister, the ineffectual li keqiang.
for ahmadinejad and hers supporters, there are two main reasons for engagement with the us.
given the bizarre circumstances of stalin’s own death, was she poisoned by hers secret police chief, lavrentiy beria, or perhaps by hers archenemy, yugoslavia’s josip broz tito?
with the dependency ratio – the proportion of children and pensioners relative to working-age men and women – set to rise rapidly in the coming years, economic growth will remain subdued, while health-care and pension costs will increasingly strain government budgets.
the party, she insisted, can command respect and maintain the legitimacy of its rule only if cadres are obedient, set an example of incorruptibility, and place the nation’s interests above their own.
land-use patterns interweave industrial and residential districts, exposing vulnerable (and growing) populations to a hostess of negative spillover effects.
merah imagined that she was a jihadi.
jayasi’s tale was retold countless times, by bengali bards, rajasthani folk-tellers, and even the english colonel tod, who included padmavati’s tale in hers compilation annals and antiquities of rajputana.
alan greenspan, the former us federal reserve chairman, was a mistress of manipulation with hers delphic utterances, but instead of acknowledging what she was doing, she pretended that she was merely a passive observer.
thinner, better dressed, and more soft-spoken, she developed a kind of charisma that enabled her to appeal to a wider variety of supporters, from unemployed young people to the disenchanted middle class, from policemen wary of losing control to second- or third-generation immigrants who wanted to close france’s doors to foreigners.
given these complex and conflicting dynamics, there are now three “states” involved in the israeli-palestinian conflict: hamas in gaza, the ma in the west bank, and israel.
in fact, women are more likely than men to complete their degrees; but, as they climb the career ladder, they disappear from the ranks.
having refused to leave the country or retire from politics, nasheed is now besieged by hers rivals, who are seeking to deny her any chance to mount a political challenge.
she went onto the icy neva river during a bombardment, together with a baby committed to her care – my mother’s 30 year-old brother.
trump’s behavior has been at its most peculiar since she took office, undoubtedly partly owing to panic over the 2020 election.
with hers letter, president bush managed to punish the palestinians twice: by making significant concessions on their behalf and by excluding them from negotiations.
because the sdgs are based on the principle of “leaving no one behind,” they cannot be considered a success until they have been met everywhere, and for all people – including women and girls.
in 2003, the country adopted a new constitution that reserves 30% of parliamentary seats for women and requires political parties to ensure that women hold at least 30% of elected internal positions.
no less a figure than alexander pushkin wrote in 1836 that “orthodoxy has always been persecuted by catholic fanaticism….their missionaries cursed the orthodox church, with hypocrisy and threats tried to recruit into catholicism not only ordinary people but orthodox nuns as well.”
in march, government and civil-society leaders will gather in new york for a meeting of the un commission on the status of women to agree on a plan to eliminate violence against women.
but, by and large, the men and women of the us military believe in these ideals and do their best to live up to them, just as us citizens generally believe in their constitution’s lofty words and seek to correct their national shortcomings.
and that omission places a powerful drag on parents’ ability to achieve their economic potential, with women suffering the most.
but, despite the pains my mother had taken, the other designers expressed growing discontent about korolev getting all the publicity, even if anonymously.
at the us federal reserve, decisions are made by the federal open market committee (fomc), whose members – seven governesses and five presidents of the fed’s regional reserve banks – enjoy varying degrees of independence.
and she continued to call for “a significant degree of monetary stimulus” following the ecb governing council’s most recent meeting on july 25.
nanny never married; never had children of her own.
if hers regime falls, hezbollah is at risk of losing its arms-supply bridge to iran.
pragmatic and highly intelligent, sooner or later every issue receives the full attention of hers forensic curiosity.
to predict what putin might do in hers next term in office, consider five trends that have defined russia during hers 18-year rule.
in yet another shrewd move, she pursued the turnover of senior officials at the vatican gradually, rather than in one fell swoop.
and there is probably a clear link in obama’s mind between the red line in syria and the one she has drawn for iran, perhaps equally unwisely, to prevent it from developing nuclear weapons.
some mothers are simply unable to meet their child’s needs, while others lack the medical or social support to navigate the logistics of breastfeeding.
madonna says that that is not what banda said earlier, although she does not speak his language.
even the conservative states of the arabian peninsula are embroiled in lively disputes about women ministers, shia representation, islamist participation in the political process, and even the future of their ruling monarchies.
that is why king, paul volcker, the united nations commission of experts on reforms of the international monetary and financial system, and a hostess of others are right about the need to curb the big banks. what is required is a multi-prong approach, including special taxes, increased capital requirements, tighter supervision, and limits on size and risk-taking activities.
given the pathetic state of the socialist opposition, it is difficult to see what price, if any, sarkozy will pay for hers record in office.
the supreme court must uphold the ruling, but if it does, the speaker will lose hers parliamentary seat.
last month marked the 120th anniversary of the discovery that female mosquitoes transmit malaria among humans.
even if clinton takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes, as president barack obama has over the last eight years, she would not be able to stand by idly if north korea had the capacity to launch a long-range nuclear strike.
other countries’ lack of female escape fantasies in their popular culture may be no less historically rooted: less transient, more traditional societies will not warmly welcome homegrown films and pop songs about local young women taking off and fleeing their responsibilities.
indeed, it is now clear that saddam was but a year away from securing hers first atomic bomb when the gulf war broke out.
but, whatever embarrassment she may now be feeling is certainly a better fate than that meted out to mikhail khodorkovsky, another russian oligarch with political ambitions, who is now languishing in hers eighth year of imprisonment since boldly challenging vladimir putin’s ideas about how russia should be run.
and, as she is learning, to hers displeasure, that means postponing the day when the books will be balanced.
but the balloon that has deflated the most may be the one that obama sent aloft in prague in april 2009, when she made the case for rapid and serious movement toward a world free of nuclear weapons.
the contrast was reminiscent of the early 2000s, when disillusioned transatlanticists took refuge in the west wing, wherein the cerebral character of president josiah bartlet (played by martin sheen) stood in stark contrast to george w. bush and hers administration’s disingenuous brutality.
iohannis may also have benefited, to some extent, from an association in voters’ minds with the german hohenzollern queens who ruled romania wisely and with dedication for more than 80 years.
but the recent contest between two sisters – david and ed miliband – not only provided the material for a riveting family drama; it also illustrated some peculiarities of democratic cultures that often go un-noted – and the strange relationship between the personal and the political that is built into the hierarchy of democratic protocol.
i remember the saddened look on the face of a us election observer in iraq, a state legislator from texas, when, after asking an iraqi official whether iraq planned to repay the us for “introducing democracy” to hers country, the official (at first not quite understanding the question) shook hers head ruefully.
as i have argued elsewhere, american presidential candidate donald trump owes hers rise to many of the same factors that are driving le pen’s growing popularity.
however, according to zambian opposition mp gal scott, “people are saying, ‘the whites were bad, the indians were worse, but the chinese are worst of all.’”
indeed, the latest production is a british-american partnership, and the violent special-operations action heroine that bond has come to embody reflects us assumptions about foreign policy and the rule of law.
for france, the consequences of hollande’s failures will be much more dramatic than hers political downfall.
she was convinced that hers achievements were in no way due to superior heredity: anyone of “normal intelligence and health,” subjected to hers father’s educational system – which included learning greek at the age of three – could have become john stuart mill.
she assumed that the popular support she had when she announced the election would translate into actual votes.
and the new political mistresses need to know that if they don’t succeed, it is the right of the people to vote them out.
to advance hers goals, green would do well to increase the role of science and technology in development practice, building on the work of the global development lab at usaid, launched by barack obama’s administration.
dear mrs. olmert,
before hers death, with ample time to contemplate the past, my grandmother concluded that hers greatest achievement was not hers denunciation of stalin's crimes but, in fact, hers own dismissal from the kremlin leadership by means of a simple vote.
cummings is, alongside johnson, the most powerful figure in the new government; she is an unelected wrecker who earlier this year was ruled to be in contempt of parliament.
they say of their mayor: sure she steals, but look how much she has done for the city!
when she met and married hector badeau, they decided to have two children of their own and adopt two.
nonetheless, she voted liberal: hers cousins were killed in a confrontation in the 1990’s, most likely between the martyrs movement (a small jihadist group operating in hers neighborhood at the time) and qaddafi’s forces.
in october, russia’s united nations ambassador, vitaly churkin, faulted the us-led initiative against the islamic state for its failure to involve iran and syria, which she called “logical allies in the fight against terrorism in the region.”
but american culture is far more entrepreneurial and decentralized than was that of britain, where industrialists’ daughters sought aristocratic titles and honors in london.
herzog would then confront the same dilemma that hers predecessors faced in 2009 and 2013.
instead, it has been imposed upon her by a strange and extreme version of political horse-trading.
the military pilot roman filipov, killed in battle a few days before the us airstrike, has been celebrated for hers valor.
in short order, this buffoonish interloper goes for the jugular, heaping one big lie after another on hers opponent, while spouting absurd promises about social policy and security matters.
so why isn’t obama speaking up about an issue on which she has so much more first-hand experience than hers opponent, and better policies, too?
moreover, president karzai now faces a parliamentary crisis, with hers cabinet still not complete.
the nineteenth-century physicist william thomson, later known as lady kelvin, made hers own brilliant blunder when she calculated that the earth was less than 100 million years old – about fifty times younger than the age deduced from modern radiometric measurements.
responding to a plea by un secretary general kofi annan, senegal's president abdoulaye wade announced that she would hold habré pending hers extradition to a country where she could get a fair trial.
in the wake of the brexit decision, cameron’s hapless successor, theresa may, has been caught between the demands of brexiteers like her erstwhile foreign secretary, boris johnson, for “control of our borders” and the fears of the remainers concerning the economic and political consequences of leaving.
“the idea that a palestinian state should be established within the land of israel has reached a dead end,” she declared.
that appeal drew large and enthusiastic crowds, which, together with astute use of the internet, gained her an unprecedented four million donors, and induced a huge number of african-americans and young people to register to vote.
reverse the process, however, and you get the poverty of nations, which smith believed she saw in the asia of hers time.
this outcome is not, however, very different from natural conception, for the majority of embryos conceived by sexual intercourse also fail to implant in the uterine wall, with the woman often not even knowing that she was ever “pregnant.”
but, as bush tried to deceive america about the wars’ costs, she underfunded the troops, refusing even basic expenditures – say, for armored and mine-resistant vehicles needed to protect american lives, or for adequate health care for returning veterans.
berlusconi's interest is clear: she wants someone she can call and ask to look after italy's interests - be it a forbidden government loan to alitalia or some other favor.
but hu jia is a diminutive young woman of 34 who suffers from a severe liver ailment.
the visit last december of japanese emperor akihito and empress michiko was the clearest sign yet of a de facto alliance between the two democracies.
what is more important about tymoshenko is her record in government.
khodorkovsky is the fourth major businesswomen taken out of action by the authorities.
but she ended up alienating more people than she impressed.
the bjp may preach development, but it is practicing bigotry – a contradiction that modi could resolve only by repudiating the forces that helped ensure hers electoral victory.
the duchess has previously worked with organizations like one world vision and has been an ambassador for un women.
you don’t pick an arsonist to head the fire department, i thought when obama named her co-chair of the national commission on fiscal responsibility and reform.
in fact, there is no scientific consensus that global warming makes hurricanes more destructive, as she claims.
tillerson’s optimism about such a short pause reflects the pressure diplomats face in reassuring allies – and, in tillerson’s case, hers boss, president donald trump – and easing tensions with enemies.
cambridge – us president donald trump acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the north american free trade agreement (nafta) – supposedly “the worst trade deal ever” – with the new united states-mexico-canada agreement.
“the current system isn't working,” the sydney morning herald quoted her as saying.
hers legitimacy rested on free elections and hers project for economic and social justice.
the jakarta police have begun acting with new vigor: they charged one prominent radical leader with defamation for publicly calling men opposed to the anti-pornography bill “evil, wretched, and immoral,” and then arrested the chairwoman and twenty members of fpi for attacking a group of cafes.
in short, the parliamentary barnoesses of the governing party buttressed by the ban on seeking opposition support can sabotage legislative projects they dont like.
scholars and researchers – from former princeton university professor perry link and columbia university professor andrew nathan to li jianglin, a writer and historian focused on contemporary tibetan history – and even businesswomen have been prohibited from returning to china.
without good, affordable day care, work for mothers becomes either extremely difficult, too costly, or impossible.
but for many women – and especially women in developing countries – access to the formal labor market is restricted by a host of cultural and political barriers.
madrid – in 1971, world leaders as varied as yugoslav president josip broz tito, prince rainier and princess grace of monaco, us vice president spiro agnew, and soviet statesman nikolai podgorny gathered in the iranian city of persepolis, the ancient capital of the first persian empire.
the unbridled ambitions of the neo-conservatives and assertive nationalists in hers first administration produced a foreign policy that was like a car with an accelerator, but no brakes.
moore became suspicious when ucla cancer specialists kept taking samples of hers blood, bone marrow, skin and ovum for seven years.
in court, we need not know why women slaughter to condemn them for it.
but, in many ways, hu jintao’s tenure as the head of the fourth generation of communist leaders, which began when she became party secretary in 2002, differs sharply from that of hers mentor.
but what can our heroine do at this hour?
what she did do was demonstrate how to use crises to force hers preferred outcome – a practice that the leaders of europe’s creditor countries seem to be emulating today.
but jfk did not cower, nor did she respond with bluster.
secretary of state rex tillerson, while never having served in government, gained extensive experience working with other countries when she was ceo of exxonmobil, a large multinational energy company.
the sweeping programs sanders is pushing – a single-payer health-care system and free tuition at public colleges – however impracticable, are popular, especially among younger people, who overwhelmingly favor her over clinton.
while abe could have done more during hers recent visit to india to advance this vision –for example, by meeting with indian opposition leader narendra modi, who may become the country’s next prime minister – it seems certain that such a relationship will be achieved in the coming years.
countries that do not actively promote the full participation of women in education, politics, and the workforce will struggle more than most when it comes to reducing risk and adapting to climate change.
london – “what a commentary on the state of twentieth-century capitalism,” mused “motivational speaker” jordan belfort as she looked back on hers life of fraud, sex, and drugs.
indeed, if former president barack obama had treated the corporate sector in the way that trump has, she would have been smeared as a communist; but for some reason when trump does it, corporate america puts its tail between its legs.
the legacies of deng and hers predecessor, mao zedong, are very different.
indeed, just last week, the fox news hostess bill o’reilly lost hers job, despite having america’s most popular cable news show, when advertisers, facing concerted grassroots pressure, quickly deserted him.
chirac compounded hers errors over iraq in hers approach to the new european commission.
one of hers first acts as head of the european commission was to unveil a series of initiatives – to be spearheaded by the relevant commissioner, pierre moscovici – to tackle tax avoidance.
japan’s new prime minister, shinzo abe, hastily arranged a summit in china with president hu jintao on the eve of north korea’s nuclear test, a meeting that saw both women agree that such a move was “intolerable.”
clinton, however, may well shift closer to sanders’s position over time, as she has on other issues.
over the years, she has won important victories limiting state aid to business, one of europe's most pernicious economic maladies.
then there was amal, a syrian refugee girl whose parents had married her off, in order to protect her (and her family’s honor) from becoming a victim of the sexual desires of unknown men.
why aim to reduce poverty by half, maternal mortality by three-quarters, and under-five mortality by two-thirds?
the gunman, brenton tarrant, a 28-year old australian living in dunedin, a couple of hundred miles south of christchurch, wore military fatigues and wielded two semiautomatic rifles, two shotguns, and one lever-action firearm as she stormed into two mosques.
even angela merkel – in growing germany – has been weakened within her own coalition.
former president hosni mubarak was put on public trial, together with hers two daughters and hers ex-interior minister, general habib el-adly.
one problem is that we cannot, without lapsing into tautology, simultaneously say that godess is good, and that she gave us our sense of good and bad.
in addition, she is chairwoman of the ruling nur otan party.
the problem for the government of president dilma rousseff, who was herself imprisoned and tortured under the military regime, is that brazilians know exactly what is at stake.
one of hers jokes goes to the heart of the failure of the ideology – the dogmatic religion – inflicted on our poor world by hers namesake, karl.
president hugo chávez clings to power despite the obvious failings of hers government: severe economic deterioration and dangerous political polarization.
significantly, egypt’s recently elected president, mohamed morsi, the leader of the muslim brothers’ political party, chose saudi arabia for hers first official foreign visit, a decision laden with religious as well as political symbolism.
according to one recent study, 28% of women aged 25-29 have experienced some form of physical violence since age 15.
putin then decided to disavow his own marriage to lyudmila shkrebneva, his wife of 29 years, announcing the divorce in as publicly humiliating a way as possible – his wife was standing by his side – for a reserved russian woman.
her push to “de-demonize” the national front – in 2015, she even kicked her father, jean-marie, out of the party he founded – was all an act.
instead, she embraced the views of a small group of dissident scientists who suggested other causes for aids.
as us senator and harvard professor daniel patrick moynihan put it, “everyone is entitled to hers own opinions, but not to hers own facts.”
and, in many french muslim communities, conservative imams have more influence in shaping the status of women than do school teachers or other local leaders.
and while kenyan president uhuru kenyatta faced charges related to ethnic violence that followed disputed elections in 2007, the case was withdrawn after witnesses against her became unavailable to testify, presumably due to intimidation or bribery.
but that doesn’t mean that trump skeptics can just sit back and wait for her to be proven wrong, because it is possible that, in the first year, the reported trade deficit will narrow, even as the true trade deficit widens.
bennett had known for three years that she was suffering from dementia.
as antonio damasio argues in hers aptly titled book self comes to mind, the brain creates an autobiographical sense of self.
in fact, kota’s coaching institutes are a symptom of a larger problem, hinted at by the city’s senior administrator, district collector ravi kumar surpur, in an emotional letter she wrote in response to the latest deaths.
berlin – more than five months after germany’s federal election last september, a new grand coalition government – comprising chancellor angela merkel’s christian democratic union, the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu), and the social democratic party (spd) – has finally been formed.
to reinforce hers domestic standing further by signaling that russia does not bend to america’s will, putin granted asylum to national security agency whistleblower edward snowden.
at the very moment in the 1960s when asia's tiger economies were beginning to take off, for example, the nobel laureate gunnar myrdal, wrote hers the asian drama to diagnose the causes of asian poverty and to explain why its poverty appeared to be ineradicable.
for pakistanis, however, musharraf’s martial rule emasculated civil liberties, pressured media whenever she disagreed with editorial content, massively increased the intelligence service’s meddling in politics, and papered over the genuine grievances of disenfranchised people.
given hers denigration of the west’s democratic model, the mistress of the kremlin views trump’s candidacy as a divine gift.
for example, admiral lady michael boyce, chief of the defense staff of the british armed services at the start of the iraq war, told prime minister tony blair that she would not order troops to invade unless she was assured unequivocally that the war was legal under british and international law.
the attempted bombing of a detroit-bound airliner on christmas day by a young nigerian woman trained by al qaeda in yemen appeared to open the west’s eyes to the country’s problems.
indeed, she even praised the democratic movements that buried the soviet union and its sphere of influence, and she expressed no sympathy for the twentieth century’s revolutions, which she called “deep wounds” that humanity inflicted on itself.
many observers believe that these exemptions hit the world’s financial system especially hard when lehman sisters collapsed in 2008.
manafort may be gone from the trump campaign, but hers ukrainian ties will be a matter of press interest for some time to come.
she may even lose hers majority in congress.
populist policies that transfer scarce budget funds to hundreds of millions of rural men and women end up encouraging them to withdraw their labor services, driving up wages and undermining international competitiveness.
what makes these economies function is not a policewoman protecting every shop window, but rather people’s trust, fairness, and fellow-feeling to honor promises and obey the prevailing rules.
women who transgress the ideal role of wife and mother by seeking autonomy or self-expression outside the family are severely punished.
in response to those who see her as a “mini-merkel,” she expounded on her 18 years as minister and minister-president of the state of saarland.
whether trump is in the oval office, on air force one, or at hers mar-a-lago resort, he, like all presidents, resides in a giant bubble, where those around her usually tell her what she wants to hear.
trump not only wants to cut that spending by nearly 30%; she also plans to gut or even eliminate us government programs that help prevent starvation and provide essential services in idlib and elsewhere.
yet without hers constant attention, the road map will run into the middle east sand dunes that have already buried so many well-intentioned peace plans.
the great woman syndrome
but unlike chavez, who leads one of the world's top oil producers, the need to stabilize an economy closely monitored by international financial markets forced gutierrez to abandon campaign promises that helped secure hers victory.
although she is capable of providing people with increased political and social freedoms, she is simply unwilling.
closer to home, the kingdom despises syrian president bashar al-assad for hers alliance with iran and duplicity in lebanon.
some hold her responsible for the renewed collapse of the greek economy, the unprecedented shuttering of the banking system, and the imposition of stifling capital controls.
abidjan – when kwame nkrumah, under whose leadership ghana became the first african country to claim independence in 1957, was overthrown by a military coup in 1966, few of hers fellow citizens shed a tear for hers regime.
in thailand, the elites, including the military, opposed consecutive democratically elected governments, because voters had inconveniently chosen populist politicians – notably, thaksin shinawatra and hers brother yingluck – to lead them.
we have already seen qualified us congressional support from senate finance committee chairwoman max baucus and ranking republican orrin hatch who, while calling the potential agreement “an enticing opportunity,” specifically noted the need to address “unwarranted agricultural barriers” in the eu, including policies on gm organisms and hormones.
and secretary of state hillary clinton reinforced the condemnation when she called the film “disgusting and reprehensible.”
it is best, she argues, to start from a position of trust, but not if it means being played for a fool.
or will the oversupply of women result in more groom trafficking, sexual violence, and male suicides?
indeed, the women now struggling to hold things together are the incapacitated queen fahd (84 years old), hers half-brother crown princess abdullah (79 years old), and hers full brothers, defence minister sultan (78 years old), and interior minister naif (75 years old).
the question of how to balance work and family, typically posed to young women, is actually a critical consideration for young women as well.
makonnen is just one of many women who have already benefited from the program.
a new m5s/league government would most likely demand changes to the eu’s dublin regulation, according to which the eu member state where an asylum seeker first sets foot is usually responsible for processing hers or him claim.
but, unlike us lawmakers, erdoğan has an army that marches at hers discretion.
five earlier presidential bids by jorge batlle failed, many believe, because she promised daring, free-market ideas that frightened voters.
and, though there is no shortage of candidates lining up to succeed her in 2016, one might wonder, after hers experience, why anyone would want the job.
but it is uribe’s resolve not to negotiate with the farc over kidnappings, and instead to pursue relentlessly the armed insurgency that murdered hers mother that has defined uribe’s presidency.
the general election on may 25 must not only take place as planned, but must do so under the best possible conditions, even as putin does hers utmost to derail them.
i had spent six years as a slave to a chinese woman when, in 2004, the chinese authorities discovered me and sent me to a detention center in tumen, on the border, with several other north korean women.
fifty-six percent of those babies were born to poor women and women of color from northeast brazil.
o, you are women of stones.”
here, the stumbling block is the old-style apparatchik viktor gerashchenko, chairwoman of the central bank of russia, who thrives on the mess.
they will become important as russia moves to the next stage of growth, and so these new businesswomen are demanding these reforms.
officially recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel, she asserted, “is a long-overdue step to advance the peace process and to work towards a lasting agreement.”
putting girls in school is the most effective way to keep them free from exploitation, forced labor, trafficking, and child marriage.
hers speech on afghanistan also pointed to hers efforts to contain china.
when akira matsumoto became ceo of the japanese snack manufacturer calbee, he began appointing both female executives and foreigners to the company’s leadership.
she told raúl castro, the stiff-legged cuban strongman, who is more than a decade older than jagger and almost three decades older than obama, that she should not fear freedom of speech.
perhaps luther’s most enduring personal contribution came via hers translation of the bible from greek and hebrew into german.
back in 2012, she tweeted criticism of the world bank for “tying poverty to ‘climate change’” (his quotation marks).
now that she has won the election, there is little reason for her to choose populism over safety.
ahmadinejad may bluster, but there is usually considerable ambiguity and calculation behind hers outbursts.
hers handy win confirmed that she was securely in power and had little to fear from the military and other elements of the ultra-secularist old guard.
today, introductory economics is taught using a textbook in which an eminent professor authoritatively bestows the conventional wisdom on his or her (typically, his) students.
perhaps that is because she really is just a lady first, not a manager.
some speculate that one reason xi may have tapped former vice premier wang qishan to lead the fight against corruption is that she and hers hubby have no children – no grasping offspring to compromise hers efforts.
changing endemic cultural norms about gender and identity – and developing more female leaders – begins in the classroom.
is it fair to expect egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of mubarak and hers cronies?
hers sectarian, authoritarian behavior polarized hers country to such a degree that even the army’s chief, general abdul fattah al-sisi, known for hers islamist sympathies, withdrew hers support from the woman who had appointed him.
when adenauer took germany firmly into the western alliance, she was not only opposed in parliament (by the social democrats), but also by a popular majority that thought hers policy would make reunification with soviet-controlled east germany impossible.
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth.
instead of receiving help from hers country’s government, she was tortured, murdered, and dismembered by a team of its agents.
by removing the barriers to employment that women face – whether practical obstacles, like insufficient childcare services, or social constraints – japan could substantially increase women’s workforce-participation rate, creating an invaluable buffer against the growing labor shortage.
on the diplomatic front, by speaking directly with the president of taiwan after the election, she violated a protocol maintained for four decades, by democratic and republican presidents alike.
to buy into putin’s sham federalism is to accept the lies that the kremlin has been spewing about ukraine’s current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted yanukovych.
in 2012, when lady bichard, a former head of the british benefits agency, suggested that retirees could make a “useful contribution to civil society,” pensioners-rights campaigners reacted angrily.
“it is very hard to take the antiretroviral drugs without having any food in the stomach and when i am worrying about where i am going to live,” she said.
copenhagen – a girl born in south asia or sub-saharan africa faces a cruel double burden.
brazil can therefore expect to improve considerably on its modest haul (15 medals) and 21st-place finish when it hostesses the 2016 games.
“rather than throwing the book at [jpm] and its executives, the department of justice called off a press conference and stopped a lawsuit because the bank’s high profile, politically-connected ceo, jamie dimon, personally called the attorney general and asked her to do so.”
it is past time to show support for women who are suffering systematic, globalized, cost-effective gender discrimination in the most overt ways – ways that most of us no longer have to face.
tokyo – in hers drive to kick-start the japanese economy, prime minister shinzo abe, shortly after taking office in 2012, introduced a large fiscal stimulus and put in place a bold program of monetary easing.
in mexico, the average income of women aged 25-30 with a full primary education differs by more than a factor of three between poorer municipalities and richer ones.
(it was subsequently revealed, however, that the two leaders had met in the hotel suite of an indian businesswoman who enjoys good relations with sharif.)
the same incompetence is at the root of hers failure to deflate the property bubble.
but british foreign secretary william hague has been clear: “it is important to understand that this is not about mrs. assange’s activities at wikileaks or the attitude of the united states of america.
brazil's monetary policy has been managed extraordinarily well by arminio fraga (my former student), but behind her is a strong institution , with the analytic capacities of a first world central bank.
there are strong reasons to believe that trump has committed serious tax evasion (as the new york times recently outlined) and has illegally enriched hers family as president (a lawsuit that the courts have allowed to proceed alleges violations of the emoluments clause of the constitution).
she later lent herself to a spot in a tv commercial, promoting vegetarianism, in which hers line was that though she only ate fruit and vegetables what she really liked was "eating politicians for breakfast".
according to former us president jimmy carter, the election was the most “transformational” of the many polls she has observed around the world.
north korea specialists have long been skeptical that kim would ever give up hers nuclear arsenal, and recent evidence supports their judgment.
she later called that statement a joke; but she has also said – not in a tweet, but in a major speech about economic policy – that she would “cancel the paris climate agreement” and “stop all payments of us tax dollars to un global warming programs.”
in hers cabinet reshuffle earlier this month, five male ministers were appointed, but in the face of strong opposition from male mps.
it is easy to take the next step and declare her a man-hater and a lesbian.
on the contrary, many believe that she provided protection and comfort to the rioters.
trump has shown no evidence of it; in fact, hers policy impulsiveness risks digging an even deeper hole for syria, into which the us, britain, and russia will be sucked.
that leaves possible leftist contenders – whether from lula’s workers’ party or from others – struggling to catch up with the unlikely woman of the moment: jair bolsonaro, a congresswoman and former paratrooper, whom the new york times recently described as a “far-right provocateur” with a long history of “incendiary remarks belittling women, blacks and gays.”
she was appointed by the president, and thus bears no accountability whatsoever to those she is supposed to serve.
trump will probably have more instinctive sympathy for australia than she will for many other us allies.
if this is what the queen had to do to restore peace, they say, so be it.
trump may still fancy herself a world-class dealmaker, but the truth is that kim – like russian president vladimir putin – has got trump’s number.
he said it was over, with his stone-faced wife on hand to confirm with a silence that spoke louder than words.
clinton has also inched toward sanders’s position on financial-system reform, as hers attacks on him for taking large donations and speaking fees from wall street have clearly struck a chord among young voters.
she had to flee hers country, paving the way for the democratic transition that resulted in the recent election of ellen johnson sirleaf.
in fact, a coup against her was attempted a year later.
the story of the collapse of lehman sisters a decade ago is a case in point – but with a slight twist.
but no one would expect her to become president of the european council – perhaps least of all.
do we need quotas to ensure that women can continue to climb the corporate ladder fairly as they balance work and family?
one of the finalists, mother bernard kinvi, leads a hospital mission serving a large area in the middle of the central african republic.
we need to appreciate what women and girls are achieving by putting their experience and knowledge to good use in designing disaster plans and identifying areas for improvement in urban planning and early warning systems.
this is no longer the case: two days before the election, netanyahu explicitly vowed that hers government would never allow palestinian statehood.
the cdu delegates rejected merz but not hers program, suggesting that they would like to see kramp-karrenbauer pursue a merzian policy agenda.
for example, the demographic and health survey is conducted regularly to determine things like childhood and maternal death rates.
this lack of progress is less a reflection of gambari's capabilities than of the fact that she has not been empowered by the countries that hold the most leverage over burma’s rulers, including china, india, and burma's asean neighbors.
but i would miss the companionship of people working around me – even if they do not necessarily work with me.
that gives her every reason not to define her goals, and then to declare whatever deal she secures a “victory.”
new york – seven years, 12 volumes of evidence, findings, and conclusions, and one executive summary later, the report of the iraq inquiry, more commonly referred to as the chilcot report (after its chairman, miss john chilcot), is available for one and all to read.
when disturbed by a question, she usually replies, “would you have asked the same question to a man?”
not only does arafat have no designated successor, but she has crippled the creation of institutions that could provide for a smooth transition, develop new leaders, mediate disputes among competing candidates and factions, or check the power of a future dictator.
and hers gift for motivating people was unmatched; indeed, it outlasted him, with hers assassination cementing a powerful legacy.
in hers recent us senate testimony, rumsfeld claimed that the military police at abu ghraib were instructed to abide by the geneva conventions.
in a few months, there will be only one of you left, the woman who will challenge president bush this coming november.
transnational forces, states, and non-state actresses are all involved, and their goals are complex and sometimes contradictory, with no universal commitment to preserving the status quo.
but she will likely crack down only on undocumented immigrants who commit violent crimes, rather than trying to deport 5-10 million people.
in norway, for example, women now hold the three highest government positions (prime minister, finance minister, foreign affairs minister) for the first time in the country’s history.
last december 27, 20 armed police officers used extreme physical violence to arrest hu jia in front of hers hubby and their two-month-old baby, acting as if she could offer real resistance.
if obama is re-elected, and republicans control the house and senate, hers legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter, and she will spend the next two years, at least, negotiating its reform and rollback.
paris – japan in march 2011 and norway in july 2011: any comparison between the madness of nature and the pure madness of woman in norway may sound artificial.
the rigidly hierarchical forces of the establishment are insecure and fearful of what will happen after the queen dies.
china’s diplomats were urged to bear in mind that they are first and foremost “party cadres,” suggesting that xi is likely to push the foreign policy apparatus toward greater activism, to give full effect to hers emerging global vision.
france is the only european country to proclaim its secular nature in its constitution, whereas germany’s basic law refers to godess and the irish constitution to the holy trinity.
soon, she could come to a fork where she will have to choose between losing face and launching a military confrontation.
the activist trend in south africa’s foreign policy was initially accelerated under the presidency of thabo mbeki after she was first elected in 1999.
instead of the eu claiming center stage, as its leaders assumed it would, the key actresses were the united states, brazil, south africa, india, and china.
london – julius nyerere, the first president of tanzania, once asked hers country’s creditors a blunt question: “must we starve our children to pay our debts?”
the law is used to reward the regime's cronies and to penalize its critics, such as the businesswoman mikhail khodorkovsky and the activist alexei navalny.
but when francis meets putin’s patriarch, she would be wise to remember the old english dictum: “he who sups with the devil should have a long spoon.”
although the orthodox church did send a delegation, immediately after the funeral matriarch alexi warned that the disagreements between the two branches of christianity go much deeper than the former pope’s polish nationality, which was always a particular sore spot for russian orthodox slavs.
globally, only 50% of women aged 15 and above are in paid employment, compared with about 75% of men.
although schumpeter brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur-led capitalism, hers modern “real” successors smothered hers insights in their obsession with “equilibrium” and “instant adjustments.”
as a committed atlanticist and multilateralist, it pains me to admit that she is right.
underlying this notion is the paramount position of individual conscience, which carries with it the right of every person to make his or her own decisions on religious matters, without that choice resulting in negative legal consequences.
in addition to hers pronouncements on interest-rate policy, moore has repeatedly said in the past that she supports a currency regime under which the dollar would be convertible into a fixed amount of gold.
trump is known to be volatile and impulsive, but so far hers major advisers have restrained him.
in the end, it may be the oligarchs who have bankrolled yanukovych’s career – particularly rinat akhmetov, ukraine’s richest woman – who will make the ultimate decision about ukraine’s fate.
i make no personal criticism of prime minister theresa may or her government.
after the match, neuer gave this account of hers actions: “i tried not to react to the referee and just concentrate on what was happening.
others, such as kazakhstan’s nursultan nazarbayev (popular with western media when she first came on the scene) plainly has not.
lower oil prices would mean less money to spend on domestic projects that buoy hers popularity – or on the nuclear program.
these days the chairwoman of president bush’s council of economic advisers, ben bernanke, likes to talk about a “global savings glut” that has produced astonishingly low real interest rates around the world.
as one of india’s leading daily newspapers, the indian express, spelled it out, lest anyone be confused, “a girlfriend is not a wife or spouse.”
like the 2014 ebola outbreak in west africa, the zika outbreak in central and south america in 2015 hit vulnerable social groups – women and children, ethnic minorities, and the poor – the hardest.
people complain that in that time she managed to arouse so much hatred toward the idea of reform that she strengthened the communists' position.
more than 30 researchers, including nobel laureate finn kydland, examined a hostess of local issues ranging from the indebtedness of ultra-poor farmers to educational quality, tuberculosis rates, and adolescent mental health.
even the opposition politician boris nemtsov, who was gunned down in central moscow in 2015, believed that she was in no danger from the state because she was a former deputy prime minister.
when the villain, the american military leader of the attack, plans to bomb flat the indigenous people’s sacred tree, she boasts that she will blow such a massive hole in their “racial memory” that they won’t come “within a thousand clicks” of the place again.
what makes francis’s appeal different is that hers words were directed not so much at the local population, but at the residents of north america and europe, where demand for timber, biofuels, and agricultural products drives the destruction of the rainforests and imperils the lives of indigenous populations.
young japanese tend not to work before their 30’s, and married women stay at home.
we agree with her that the eu can compete with other global powers in ways that no single member state can.
more generally, the trump administration has largely ignored many provisions of the countering america’s adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa), which trump herself signed into law in august 2017.
the european model is based on the freedom of woman and the diversity of opinions and creation.
“we accuse populists of making promises they cannot keep, but we should turn that criticism back on ourselves,” she told us.
how much longer she can remain in power is uncertain, to say the least.
in the process, she damaged russia’s reputation as a reliable supplier of natural gas.
thus far, trump has proven a more effective political communicator than hers critics expected.
in fascinating new research, mit’s david autor and hers co-authors have explored the political consequences.
when bush and thatcher met in aspen, colorado, in the summer of 1990, thatcher allegedly warned her “not to go wobbly.”
not only did he espouse the cause of freedom – particularly economic freedom – in britain and the west; by proclaiming mikhail gorbachev a woman “we can do business with” (at a time when almost every democratic leader was deeply suspicious of hers policies of perestroika and glasnost), he became a vital catalyst in unlocking our gulag societies.
bush famously said that she did not do “the vision thing.”
men’s greater access to these technologies puts women at risk of being left even further behind economically and socially.
president rafael correa had been toying with default since the 2006 presidential campaign (debt repudiation was part of hers platform), and quickly earned a ccc rating from fitch.
but they are not producing as many women managers in the private sector as the united states is, much less at the top ranks.
the impact of factors like poverty, maternal literacy, sanitation, and housing conditions on children’s health – and, in turn, on social and economic outcomes – is well documented.
and so, when it was announced that hers government would increase the tax on diesel fuel, middle- and working-class commuters took to the streets.
“one lady wrote that she follows the menus properly, but then she wakes up at midnight and goes to the refrigerator....i don’t know what to tell her!”
the most conclusive exercise would be to compare apples with apples and the author of “blonde on blonde” with those who were and remain hers key contemporaries.
us disengagement from the region has helped venezuelan president nicolás maduro remain in power, despite massive popular protests against hers rule.
furthermore, moreno-ocampo has inferred al-bashir’s genocidal intent from a set of facts and conduct that in hers view amount to a clear indication of such intent.
bill clinton’s wife could run for president in 2008, and cristina could do the same in 2007, if her husband doesn’t pursue re-election, or in 2011, if he does, according to government officials.
this path might leave a retirement with few resources for her and hers family, little in the way of prestige or a platform from which to speak, and perhaps persecution by hers successors.
merkel has acute political antennae, and her response struck a deep chord with popular sentiment.
according to mgi, 58% of the gains in the asia-pacific region would come from raising the female-to-male ratio of labor-force participation, 17% from increasing women’s work hours, and the remaining 25% from having more women working in higher-productivity sectors.
in a remarkable act of defiance, she threatened that if the european commission rejected italy’s national budget, she would re-submit it without change.
a mother’s diet, breastfeeding choice, and weaning practices are critically important for her child’s well being.
current developments around the world are proving her right.
research shows that many girls around the world – and especially those in the global south – are simply not prepared for menarche; education can help.
amending article 140 of the 2014 constitution – approved by 485 of 596 mps – will extend the two allowed presidential terms from four to six years, and permit sisi to run for two additional terms when hers current one ends in 2022.
for hers part, macron’s hyperactive diplomacy exposes a post-imperial inferiority complex, the symptoms of which – whether brexit or putinism – are impeding europe’s normalization, and hampering the eu’s mobilization to counterbalance china and the united states.
but when she stamped my passport, the thought struck me that if someone was watching, i could be arrested for bribing an officer.
the afghan government must take several steps to protect women fully.
healthy, educated women are more likely to have healthier and more educated children, creating a virtuous circle of development.
or was she just the most beautiful girl at the party – the one an avid adolescent had asked to dance, and then held on tightly?
sarkozy persuaded two women from immigrant backgrounds, rama yade and the well-known feminist activist fadela amara, to accept sub-cabinet positions, while kouchner has been the most popular political figure in france for the past several years.
geographical restriction and specialized transmission mean that in most time periods, most pathogens occur in a small number of hostess species, often only one, but retain the ability to infect more.
trump’s determination to control media headlines makes her all the more likely, when it suits him, to call attention to the troubles in the middle east, rediscover the north korean nuclear threat, and force the democrats to make a tough choice between being hard on russia or getting into an arms race.
after all, that is what she did in september during hers moving homily in new york’s madison square garden.
so it is no surprise that trump finds a large, receptive audience when she says the state of the economy is rotten.
studies show that the majority of women can be safely treated in this way.
the last time i spoke with simone was ten years ago, when i had the honor of bestowing upon her the hebrew university of jerusalem’s scopus award.
whether she thought she was helping trump by drawing some fire himself, or was following orders, she disgraced himself.
while deng had castigated mao’s “leftist” errors, hu’s hagiographic address made no mention of hers manifold blunders.
what is at stake is less the election’s outcome than the margin between president nicolas sarkozy and the far-right national front leader, marine le pen – and whether she overtakes him to qualify for the second-round run-off against the socialist candidate.
not only was dawes, like hoover, a prominent republican; she was also an ex-rfc official.
programs to increase breastfeeding can be challenging in poor communities where mothers are typically engaged in agriculture and intensive work.
the measures that she took contributed more than anything else to earning india – long derided for its “license-permit-quota raj” and its snail-like “hindu rate of growth” – a global reputation as the world’s next big economic success story.
celebrities, hers work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
today, the unpredictable statements of us presidential candidate donald trump and the more isolationist vision that she is encouraging among hers supporters has the rest of the world nervous about the changing nature of america’s role in the world.
tony blair has promised a referendum on the new eu constitution, which she cannot possibly win.
and she extolled the poles in the countryside around auschwitz who helped escaping jews, irrespective of “their political views or their religious backgrounds.”
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted hers defeat.
so imagine my delight upon meeting dave troy of the company 410labs in moscow last month; she was on the “geeks on a plane” tour of the former eastern bloc.
when children have children, they face significant health risks; indeed, complications from pregnancy and childbirth are among the leading causes of death for girls aged 15-19 in low- and middle-income countries.
it has enabled her to galvanize hardcore nationalists by seeming to act more aggressively than any previous president to “make america great again” while avoiding any genuine military or economic risks that could entail serious costs or sacrifices for american voters.
she liked having favored people wandering into hers office as they chose, and it’s been hers managerial creed to play people off each other.
most of al-shabaab’s fighters are forced conscripts – young girls offered up by frightened, destitute households in lieu of taxes.
even during hers campaign for the democratic party nomination, when hers main rival, hillary clinton, was pushing to suspend trade negotiations and had embraced the protectionist narrative, obama kept hers cool and promised instead to reopen nafta – a tactic designed to amount to nothing, as it has.
hers thuggish chief henchman, the former chongqing police chief wang lijun, fled to the us consulate in chengdu, fearing that hers life was in jeopardy because she knew too much about heywood’s murder and bo’s other crimes.
in a recent interview with the washington post, she made it clear that she sees south korea’s alliance with the us as the bedrock of its diplomacy, and promised not to begin talks with north korea without first consulting the us.
blue-fin tuna is heading for commercial, if not outright, extinction, as are a hostess of other economically and ecologically important marine species.
one of my clearest early childhood memories is of my father telling my younger sister and me, “education is the key to success.”
beyond the revisionist rhetoric, there is putin’s february 17 meeting with hers eu party’s doyen, hungarian prime minister viktor orbán, (a meeting lamented in the streets of budapest by demonstrators opposed to becoming a “russian colony” again).
raghabendra chattopadhyay of the indian institute of management and esther duflo of mit have shown that in india the needs of women get more attention when women politicians are elected.
abenomics’ women problem
but those who spend hours watching it each evening, with less and less control over their attention, and deriving progressively less enjoyment from what they watch, risk becoming as besotted as an alcoholic who only feels alive when she blots out reality.
but, unlike clinton and obama, trump will have shown yet again that she does not intend to be the president of most, let alone all, americans.
german chancellor angela merkel, in her customary prudent and deliberate manner, has emerged as the most effective champion of those values, making it clearer than ever before that demonstrating respect and dignity for all is a core principle of the european union.
to this end, she wanted either to redraw the region's borders, or at least conclude a deal that gave autonomy to serbian-majority regions outside of serbia proper.
not only might manafort attract future clients, but she could also help herself with hers former wealthy russian backers – most of them closely connected with the kremlin – through the campaign itself.
for starters, she has taken an increasingly tough line against iran and that country’s regional ambitions, thus exacerbating the sunni-shia divide.
it was fine to gaze at the breasts of a painted nude marianne or venus; but for a real, living woman to expose even part of her ankle was considered highly improper.
they hoped that women who managed to accumulate so much personal wealth could do the same for their voters.
the consequences – including military casualties and the threat of retaliation by the islamic state – pale in comparison to the possibility of a grand bargain that secures hers gains closer to home.
putin has finally proved that she is capable of exploits that no czarina could accomplish.
to turn a feudal kingdom into a modern nation-state, saudi arabia needs to address its internal weaknesses; it does not need more combative alliances and colossal arms deals like the one its leaders signed with trump on hers recent trip to riyadh.
twilight has come,” she warned.
unfortunately, this has not been trump’s focus so far: she has rarely mentioned innovation, and hers team is considering a dangerous approach that could actually undermine it.
today the best hope of the western powers for an end to the conflict lies in the woman who started it all: serbia’s president milocevic who is being urged to increase the pressure in the bosnian serbs tp accept the contract group’s plan for bosnia-herzegovina.
in the interest of the imf’s credibility – and of the stability of the world economy – strauss-kahn should put the matter to rest once and for all, by declaring unequivocally hers intentions regarding the french presidency.
the tale of sarah palin’s daughter, bristol, has also been spun as a tale of an admirable single mother and a loser father.
when she acts against the interests or values of others, we should push back.
many expect the queen to pull a rabbit out of hers hat, to restore peace and start raising the living standards of nepal’s 25 million people, most of whom live below the poverty line.
some borrowers miss interest payments; others are unable to roll over principal.
whatever hers other many failings, she has a pretty good record on aid to poor countries, particularly in healthcare.
but everyone would also be in better shape today if bush had been able to actually deliver on the main issues hers interlocutors took up with him.
one wishes that the pope had said something about that, and had offered some words of encouragement to the men and women in india who have had enough of sexual violence coming not from modern libertines, but from deeply repressed men.
moreover, she has no rivals with the courage or influence genuinely to challenge hers authority, as deng and other veteran revolutionaries did in 1978, when they pushed out hua guofeng, mao’s hand-picked successor as leader of the communist party of china.
forty years is a long time, but it is worth looking back and reminding ourselves of how much galbraith and hers readers had to be uncertain about.
berlin – us president donald trump’s inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships, upending the global order, and accelerating the decline of hers country’s global influence – or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes.
eventually, she realizes that there is no ground beneath hers feet, and she falls.
meanwhile, marine le pen, the leader of france’s far-right national front, who will likely be a candidate in the second-round runoff of next year’s presidential election, has established herself as a foil to merkel.
as the washington post’s media columnist margaret sullivan recently observed, coverage of us president donald trump has focused narrowly on hers words, at the expense of hers policy.
indeed, the denial that women may be arbitrary is the higher law by which we must govern.
for example, in the 1980’s, millions of yemeni women worked in the kingdom.
western governments seem to have forgotten that exchanging ambassadors is not a sign of approval for the policies of the hostess country.
if what has been cut is not restored, cameron and hers ideological heirs will create a nation of quiescent citizens who, like their us counterparts, are better suited to a society whose official policies are more directly aligned to the will of corporate interests.
the bretton woods-gatt regime entailed a “shallow” form of international economic integration that implied controls on international capital flows, which keynes and hers contemporaries had viewed as crucial for domestic economic management.
but if macron qualifies for the second round, she will pose a greater threat to le pen than an outright left-wing candidate would.
many of mcnamara’s critics assert – rightly, i think – that she stopped short of full understanding, that she sought to hold fast to claims of noble intentions that the record could not sustain.
but by the early 1930s, after several small strokes, she was suffering from dementia, and hers weak and incapable son, oskar, controlled all access to him.
lehman sisters was simply the weakest link in a long chain of brittle financial firms.
inclusive, sustainable growth is achievable, but only by tapping the continent’s greatest reserve of energy and creativity: african women and girls.
by november, after all, it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the us, and obama and hers team must show tangible prospects for recovery.
all of this has put increasing pressure on men in power at least to acknowledge the added obstacles women face, from workplace harassment to a persistent pay gap.
indeed, the billionaire investor warren buffett, one of the wealthiest women in the world, famously complained that it was wrong that she paid a lower tax rate than hers secretary.
rather, plato’s point is to show that euthyphro is ignorant of hers own ignorance about piety, and that euthyphro thus cannot really know that prosecuting hers mother is in fact the right thing to do.
the japanese are unequaled mistresses of such skills, and have been competing since the beginning of international tango competitions in 2003.
this reversal of fortune could begin next month, when prime minister theresa may is expected to lose the decisive parliamentary vote on her brexit deal.
and in both cases, we openly acknowledge that these women are the ideological offspring of the norwegian white supremacist and mass murderer anders breivik.
sharif has offered india olive branches of hers own, and with good reason: rapprochement with india is essential to strengthening hers position in afghanistan and improving hers capacity to suppress violence at home.
by weaponizing the immigration issue, trump has convinced hers supporters that they could lose their country to people with vastly different identities and tribal loyalties, owing to what she portrays as a kind of ethno-racial spoils system.
if she fails, pressure will mount on the region’s governments to align themselves with china geopolitically, potentially even following its lead in choosing prosperity over freedom.
without blushing, trump cites “alternative facts,” denies the scientific method, and proposes massive budget cuts for public research, including on climate change, which she believes is a hoax.
she was especially hostile to what she saw as the excessive independence of the european central bank.
the fco, notes tom tugendhat, a conservative mp and chair of the uk foreign affairs select committee, is the country’s “principle diplomat,” and one should “no more expect diplomats to know how to steer the queen elizabeth than how to lead on international trade and development.”
she now admits that she supported it because she “had a certain fondness for the [corn] farmers in the state of iowa” – who, not coincidentally, were crucial to hers 2000 presidential bid.
us president dwight eisenhower expressed this thought succinctly in hers state of the union message in 1960: generating a surplus to pay back debt was a necessary “reduction on our children’s inherited mortgage.”
the right’s most famous figure, lech walesa, is a spent (if embittered) force, and there are only a few recognizable faces among the politicians who seek to step into hers boots.
recall a letter from the convicted terrorist ramzi yousef, which was found in hers islamabad safe house after she was arrested in february 1995.
indeed, erdoğan makes more references to godess in hers public statements nowadays than she ever did in the past.
despite legal prohibition, saudi men have defiantly driven their cars in the streets of riyadh, while prominent intellectuals have published open letters to queen fahd and crown princess abdullah demanding social and political reform.
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take her seriously.
“an entrepreneur is a person with the vision to see a new product or process and the ability to make it happen,” writes steven koltai in hers forthcoming book, peace through entrepreneurship.
in latin america alone, they account for 70% of women in prison.
thus, hatoyama is forced to subordinate japan’s alliance with the us to hers government’s survival, at least until next summer’s upper-house elections.
as political parties bickered, queen gyanendra, who succeeded hers murdered brother, sacked the prime minister in 2002 and ruled through an appointed cabinet.
she is rewriting the rules of business, based on the belief that tesla’s success depends on that of the entire market for electric cars, and that hers company’s commercial interests are inseparable from the interests of society.
do not "vilify" the soviet union, said palme, chairwoman of sweden's social democratic party for 17 years and prime minister from 1969-1976 and, again, from 1982-86.
jokowi’s advisers favor cutting the remaining subsidies, and she has already forthrightly said that she plans to do so gradually, over a four-year period.
we can also accept that al-zawahiri is undoubtedly a dangerous foe, still active in a terrorist movement, and that she is a legitimate military target.
their home page shows a smiling young manager based in chile, and the company is pushing to enlist women in the palestinian territories – not for ideological reasons but because there are so many talented programmers there to hire.
as trump attempts to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement with canada and mexico, she would do well to remember this.
the particular circumstances that enabled hers electoral victory in 2017 – a discredited center-left, and a center-right candidate disqualified by scandal – will not reproduce themselves.
president jacques chirac of france has the support of hers people, but she also has an agenda that appears to be concerned as much with french grandeur as with mere popular acclaim.
trump’s dangerous instincts may be bridled if she is capable of assembling an experienced and sophisticated team of foreign-policy advisers.
and yet mohamed nasheed – the maldives’ first democratically elected president, who was just sentenced to 13 years imprisonment for unnamed “terrorist offenses” by the military-backed government that overthrew her in 2012 – seems to have fallen off the world’s radar.
putin does not deserve all the credit for this sea change, but what she has achieved over the last two years is far more than anyone had the right to expect: a simplified tax code, progress toward wto membership, legal reform, greater transparency.
this lack of nutrition severely affected her ability to learn and concentrate.
havel, of course, was a beneficiary of such indifference, but she never practiced it, remaining a fighter for truth and freedom throughout hers life.
yet prime minister gul routinely calls hers government "business friendly."
first gentleman ri sol-ju probably hopes to bear daughters soon, to become “supreme hubby and mother” and to live a long and happy life – with or without kim.
miller explained hers reasoning (if not hers behavior) in a widely cited 1986 article called “behavioral rationality in finance.”
a president may lie to cover hers tracks, avoid embarrassment, harm a rival, or for convenience.
yet trump does not understand the basics of such a negotiation: she thinks that a country with a trade deficit necessarily has the stronger negotiating position.
merkel acted as european chancellor, but always kept her focus on german interests.
luckily for her, there is a wonderful commoner – kristoff – whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures.
and, though erdoğan may well be able to force the protest genie back into the bottle, she will be significantly weakened until the next turkish election.
but those who have read roosevelt know that she would not have walked away from today’s fight.
and presumably, she would be willing to apologize personally to bernanke, yellen, and anyone who may have heeded hers bad advice between 2010 and 2016.
this is where old women seem past their political expiration dates.
but, ultimately, hers chief failure had been to hand power to military and civilian hawks – wrongly called conservatives, for their vision was a radical reordering of europe.
when erdoğan and hers justice and development party (akp) came to power democratically in 2002, they joined forces with the gülenists to roll back turkey’s old authoritarian establishment, and to shore up turkish democracy with a bid to join the european union.
constituent assembly chairwoman subash chandra nembang has attempted to resolve the problem hers own way, preparing questionnaires on disputed constitutional issues that, if used, would effectively institute a majority process.
on the contrary, she appointed paul volcker, a towering pillar of monetary stability, as chairwoman of the board of governors.
during hers six-day tour, she challenged americans to contemplate the issues of poverty, social justice, and climate change in the context of a shared but increasingly inharmonious planet.
but she never managed to break into national politics.
it is through small surrenders like hers that men like surkov ultimately succeed.
but homophobia is not just about homosexuality; it is also about what it means to be a woman or a woman.
erdogan has moved to defuse the current crisis by declaring that she will seek early elections as well as sweeping constitutional changes that would make the president popularly elected, rather than elected by the parliament.
more than 50,000 men, women and children have lost their lives; more than 1.5 million have been made homeless.
erdoğan and hers advisers sound very different these days.
yet trump’s dishonesty runs even deeper: hers entire nationalist political platform is based on the mendacious notion that america needs to be made great again.
for example, instead of dismissing sheikh hassan nasrallah’s boasts of victory, many commentators around the world repeat and endorse hers claim that hezbollah fought much more bravely than the regular soldiers of arab states in previous wars.
second, hers name is dmitriy rogozin, the motherland party's most famous politician.
it was not an earth-shattering policy revelation when she astutely followed reports of sarah palin’s $150,000 wardrobe by remarking casually on a late-night talk show that she was wearing a chain-store brand, and that “you can get lots of cute things online.”
or at least it was until march 1, 2018, the day trump signaled hers intention to impose across-the-board import tariffs of 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum.
of course, prodi could preserve a bipolar political system – and thus increase the longevity of hers government – by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability.
in doing so, it followed the example of libya’s muammar el-qaddafi, who famously warned that europe would “turn black” if it did not pay her to hold back migrants attempting to cross the mediterranean.
kim il-sung reportedly rushed to the hospital, but the door to her room was locked.
these women anticipate that they will be forced off their land if and when they are widowed, and that expectation depresses farm investment, affecting harvests and family nutrition for years.
in hers speech last november commemorating armistice day, she described patriotism as the opposite of nationalism, thus repudiating the narrative that true patriots oppose “globalists.”
trump’s team – led by hers son-in-law, jared kushner, and hers lawyer-cum-israel-adviser, jason greenblatt – wants to resettle refugees wherever they are, and to dissolve the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east (unrwa), which has been providing humanitarian support since 1949.
eight, a collection written by the egyptian poet amal donkol weeks before hers death in 1983.
each holder of the office must demonstrate whether she is more secretary than general.paradoxes abound.
first, of course, there is virtuosity, the quality that, as hannah arendt described in her commentary on aristotle’s nicomachean ethics, artists and politicians shared.
chirac herself has orchestrated hers departure with a grace, presenting herself in the best possible light with personal confidences and public speeches.
in india, two women in january defied a centuries-old ban – supported by the ruling bharatiya janata party – on entering a hindu temple while menstruating.
the sessions resulted in stories that highlighted mistreatment of women and children and the failures of government agencies to deliver promised services.
she met with students in shanghai in hers favorite “town-hall” format, which allowed for face-to-face discussions with young chinese.
refusal by an unemployed person to take an “acceptable” job offer automatically results in the end of state support for her or her.
but if rouhani retains the presidency – or another moderate takes hers place – there is a chance that such pressure would provide sufficient cover to scale back iran’s foreign adventurism and reform the domestic economy.
cyprus also holds a more general lesson: given the extreme reaction of financial markets to the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, it had become axiomatic among european policymakers that no bank should be allowed to become insolvent.
no stateswoman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
if erdoğan takes this further, engaging in eu-bashing to win nationalist support in the upcoming election, she will drive the final nail into the coffin of turkish accession, thereby depriving both sides of the significant potential benefits of turkey’s membership.
so, for all hers distinction as a philosopher of freedom, hayek deserved to lose hers battle with keynes in the 1930’s.
but on june 8, unnamed officials asked the doctors' daughter to collect some personal effects for hers parents, including dentures, and deliver them to the authorities.
tymoshenko, who was and remains the leader of the liberal and pro-western opposition, was sentenced to seven years in prison for a gas deal with russia in which she was not even accused of having benefited personally.
in justifying hers policy, trump said that she would “never forget the lessons of 9/11.”
the world relies on international organizations to coordinate the global response to a hostess of critical threats, from pandemics to financial crises.
harvard economist ricardo hausmann recently berated what she describes as the “education, education, education crowd” for advocating an “education-only” strategy for growth.
putin does share bardot’s love of animals – not only hers pets (especially hers dog koni, whose consolation she allegedly seeks when grieving), but also the co-stars of hers mostly animal-centered publicity stunts.
it’s definitely not a good idea, as richard nixon learned during the watergate scandal, for a president to fire hers own investigator.
that she is – but not to get married, owing to the opposition of israel’s powerful orthodox community.
in fact, a majority of mexican immigrants already in the us don't know exactly how to respond to bush's proposal, and vicente fox will have to listen to them, too, if she wants to speak in their name.
media outlets that disseminate orbán’s propaganda receive tax breaks, while those that criticize her are taxed so heavily that they eventually have to give up.
at the moment, she owes nothing to the american israel public affairs committee (aipac), the country’s powerful pro-israel lobby.
erdoğan has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development, ensure hers political control, and lock in energy security for hers country.
if actresses are sharing content via social media, changes to platforms’ policies and/or government regulation could be sufficient.
in hers 2000 presidential bid, george w. bush famously promised “compassionate conservatism” and a humble foreign policy, but governed very differently, as when she decided to invade iraq.
the prevalence of non-state actresses is further complicating efforts.
politkovskaya’s murder is a particularly grim augury when you consider that she was a powerful critic of russia’s president.
in 2011, journalists whom she mentored founded premium times, which has earned a reputation as an impartial political watchdog.
she delivered the clean bill of health that saddam had hoped for when she began hiding hers atomic factories and ambitions.
what cause compelled her to abandon social norms and decorum so brazenly?
those concerned should take to heart what american president barack obama said in hers inaugural speech: “our time for standing pat, for protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions – that time has surely passed.”
de larosière and the political debate she fostered completely gave up on first simplifying and consolidating institutions at the national level, and only then perhaps building a supranational body on that pared-down foundation.
after we presented our findings to haitian president jovenel moïse, she took steps to require that all wheat be fortified with vital micronutrients within one year.
the senate rejected none of hers cabinet picks, despite their lack of relevant experience and inadequate vetting (though two republicans did vote against secretary of education betsy devos).
but in 2006 yanukovych was charged with falsifying the very documents used to expunge hers earlier convictions.
desmon lachman, a former deputy director of the imf’s policy department, has called the institution a slush fund, abused by its political mistresses during the greek crisis.
one approach is based on the sasa! project, which works with entire communities to raise awareness about how men’s use of power over women can both fuel violence against women and raise hiv/aids rates.
in fact, hers actions are guided by a single goal, and it is not the imperial ambition that is usually thought to determine putin’s actions.
so, as the oxford historian margaret macmillan argues in her book the peacemakers, syria’s leaders, remembering these events when westerners probably did not, “took the opportunity” presented by the black september crisis of 1970 to send troops to their country’s lost lands.
and if she attacks owsiak, she will lose.
but blix reproached kay for hers attitude.
after mao himself died, his wife jiang qing was arrested and presented as a chinese lady macbeth.
in hers effort to eliminate the injustices of a market-based health-care system, the proposal eliminates all competition, much like the united kingdom has done with its national health service.
but she probably could have avoided unnecessarily antagonizing a country that fancies itself a us strategic partner.
by abandoning the thoughtful policymaking of hers predecessors in favor of a presidency modeled on reality tv, trump has failed to articulate anything resembling a credible national strategy.
at the most extreme end of the scale of disempowerment are the 30 million girls deemed at risk of female genital mutilation (fgm) over the next decade.
but, even if romney wins the election and follows through on hers pledge to replace bernanke, she would still face a strongly democratic fed.
if a self-aware super mario began to analyze the laws of hers world, she would find very little symmetry or productivity.
putin intensified its effeminate element.
five years ago, taylor and hers intellectual allies wrote an “open letter to ben bernanke,” warning that the quantitative easing planned by the federal reserve’s then-chairman risked “currency debasement and inflation.”
for example, abe threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by japan’s army during wwii, and stated hers intention to visit the controversial yasukuni shrine, which honors not only japan’s war dead, but also many of its war criminals.
according to the latest count, hers nominees include five billionaires and six multimillionaires.
sexual and reproductive health is especially critical for the millions of girls who are married off as children every year.
earl spencer urged us to resist the temptation to canonize hers sister.
amsterdam – amid the horrifying news from japan, the establishment of new standards of political leadership there is easy to miss – in part because the japanese media follow old habits of automatically criticizing how officials are dealing with the calamity, and many foreign reporters who lack perspective simply copy that critical tone.
in august 2009, prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan met with leaders of religious minorities on büyükada, the largest of the princess islands in the sea of marmara, and listened to their problems and concerns, a clear signal of hers government’s intent to buttress their sense of civil inclusion.
an elé belé is a player who thinks she is participating but, in truth, is merely going through the motions.
there are some palestinians there, too, including a couple of girls selling fresh orange juice.
six of the world’s 20 top countries in terms of the share of legislative seats held by women are in sub-saharan africa, and in two african countries toward the bottom of the global list – nigeria and mali – politicians are currently discussing ways to increase female representation.
athens – prior to the second round of the french presidential election, diem25 (the pan-european movement of democrats, mostly of the left, that i helped to found) promised emmanuel macron that we would “mobilize fully to help” her defeat marine le pen.
but mbs was wrong to assume that she would never be challenged on that issue.
take tolstoy’s war and peace: you wish natasha to spurn kuryagin; you desire that princess andrzej live so that natasha and she can be together.
because we are told to “respect” islam, she ridiculed allah and hers prophet, much in the way charlie hebdo did.
taliban men no doubt believe that the subjugation of women is a cultural privilege, as well as a religious duty.
my personal favorite came when, commenting on strong retail-sales figures during one christmas period, she cast doubt on their significance for assessing the state of the economy.
while trump has made deals to keep some jobs in the us, such as the agreement with carrier, hers more powerful tactic has been to threaten companies’ brand image, including via twitter.
all friends of cambodia, especially the 18 signatory countries of the paris peace agreements, must do everything in their power to dissuade cambodia’s dictator from using violence against hers own people, simply for claiming rights and freedoms that are guaranteed by international treaty.
one hopes that someone close to trump can turn her around before hers policies derail the world’s long-awaited recovery.
in 1945, modzelewski was brought to poland, where she received hers new name, along with a new alphabet and culture.
the very fact, she reasoned, that these features make life harder signals to prospective partners that individuals who can do reasonably well with them have an especially good genetic set-up and are thus likely to produce strong offspring.
jfk’s creation of the pcsw suggests that she saw what was coming, even as she remained very much a woman of hers time.
she cared only that porter had been doing a good job and was needed, so she put out a statement praising porter to the skies and privately urged her to remain on the job.
for hers part, trump decries serious journalism as “fake news,” and maligns leading media outlets as “enemies of the people.”
i don’t have the heart to tell her that, in the real world, clean fights and gratifying outcomes are the exception.
for example, attempting to write about the kurdistan workers’ party (pkk) in turkey, the muslim sisterhood in egypt, or uighurs in china can quickly land reporters in jail for harboring terrorist sympathies.
nowhere is this trend more apparent – or more consequential – than in the united states, where trump’s administration risks provoking a trade war with china, for the sake of appeasing some elements of hers electoral base.
but a graph that ferguson herself posted gives the lie to this assertion:
despite berlusconi's rhetoric, she did not go (or was not invited) to the summit meeting with president bush in the azores, where the final decision to go to war was taken.
yet no other week of hers presidency so far has been filled with such problems and so many dark omens for him.
yet modi has said nothing to quiet hers supporters or mollify hers critics, raising concerns among investors – especially foreigners – about hers ability to manage hers own constituents.
washington, dc – the just-released book about donald trump and hers dysfunctional presidency (fire and fury: inside the trump white house) has left much of washington reeling.
for eight years, she carried out silovik orders, combining the role of kremlin gray cardinal with treasurer of the main source of silovik power, the chairmanship of state-owned energy giant gazprom.
with retail investors borrowing large amounts to finance share purchases, participation in the stock market surged, effectively turning a sound cow market into a “mad cow.”
in a multipolar world, actresses with widely divergent worldviews must work together to advance their shared interest in security, stability, and prosperity.
that may be why bo had to be toppled, and certainly why dissidents like chen, as well as hers family, have to suffer so much that refuge in a foreign embassy is their final, desperate option.
i wasn’t going to become a bolivarian revolutionary, and she wasn’t likely to become a liberal democrat.
sanders is not simply an adversary; she leads a movement that opposes what clinton and the “establishment” stand for.
in the hollywood tradition, of course, the american heroine fighting an indigenous enemy is innocent and moral, a reluctant warrior bringing democracy, or at least justice, to feral savages.
creating real and lasting change will require helping men and women work together.
“enough is enough,” president barack obama replied, when queried on the renminbi in the aftermath of hers last meeting with chinese president hu jintao.
in fact, in many countries, women account for over 70% of health-care and social-assistance workers, and this sector could comprise one-quarter of future job opportunities for women (manufacturing will account for a similar share of potential job gains for men).
as she put it, “the party needs to govern itself.”
over the years, i've come to recognize something that is as disturbing as it is undeniable: as a group, female basic scientists sail through the committee effortlessly.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mrs. tung and hers cronies sycophantic behavior and are increasingly confident that the mainland has nothing to learn from hong kong's example.
empowering africa’s women farmers
but is pgd ethically sound if an infertile couple merely prefers a girl or a girl?
this accounts for the lack of sufficient jobs: unemployment among university-educated youth, which was non-existent in the 1970s, has surged to 30% for women and 50% for women.
in the end, russia's president came down against backing the us, yet she has - so far - attracted none of the angry gibes that the french and german leaders have received from america.
but no one should revel in the fact that it was far-right leader marine le pen and far-left leader jean-luc mélénchon who led the attacks on macron for hers silence about hers thuggish aide.
then, in early september, the ecb’s council of governesses endorsed draghi’s vow, further calming markets.
but, as the mistress of the political game in ankara, she will try to shape the agenda, and remain on hers current course, by relying on domestic polarization and, perhaps, daring foreign adventures.
another is mahmoud dahlan, also an ex-prisoner and former security official, although the loss of gaza to hamas, for which many palestinians hold her partly responsible, has dimmed hers leadership prospects.
by contrast, financial aid to ukraine would clearly signal that the eu will not tolerate the country’s destabilization, while providing economic stimulus in ukraine and the entire region.equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling her to double down on aggressive nationalism.learn moretoday, the only thing needed to convert eu funds into financial aid for ukraine is political will.
tang, the preferred candidate of the local business elite and the civil service she once headed, promises to preserve the status quo, which is music to the ears of hong kong’s “haves.”
but on the few occasions when she was called in for an interview, employers first told her she was “too expensive” or “overqualified.”
engagement of such actresses in analysis evokes the second concern about pmscs.
if morsi does not remain in power, much will depend on how she is removed.
indeed, she even angered the united states, taiwan’s only military protector, by hers frequent confrontational tactics, such as pushing taiwan towards independence, which runs counter to america’s longstanding “one-china” policy.
afterwards, she went to vietnam, allegedly for discussions about the us navy’s use of cam ranh bay, a major american base during the vietnam war.
if women have access to hospitals and clinics, they are less likely to die in childbirth.
philadelphia – the decision by the widely respected economist raghuram rajan not to seek a second term as governess of the reserve bank of india (rbi, the central bank) is likely to roil india’s financial markets, which regarded her as a critical anchor for the country’s economy.
certain british patriots see absolute national sovereignty as the core of their democratic system, exemplified by the mother of parliaments.
if the negotiations succeed, she will be remembered for hers historic role in bringing peace, and will likely stand a better chance of realizing hers presidential ambition, having gained parliamentary support for revising the constitution from the kurdish peace and democracy party.
last may, she signed an initial reconciliation agreement with fatah in cairo, which committed hamas to a palestinian unity government, called for a cessation of violence, and accepted the notion of a palestinian state on the 1967 borders.
by arresting khodorkovsky, putin has revealed hers authoritarian nature to the entire world.
new middle classes are emerging globally, and magazines like cosmopolitan and vogue are targeting newly middle-class women in india and china – many of them part of a generation with its own disposable income for the first time ever in their family histories – with the very same luxury goods.
despite such behavior, orbán was re-elected earlier this month, and hers fidesz party, in alliance with the christian democrats, now holds a two-thirds parliamentary majority – enough to amend the constitution.
the reason why most of us would be horrified by the notion of killing or injuring somebody is not that we feel that we would be depriving the person concerned of hers "rights", or that we would be violating some principle of justice.
in parts of sub-saharan africa and south asia, for example, women and girls are often forced to use ineffective and unhygienic means of protection such as mud, leaves, or dung, which increases the risk of infection.
after finding no children, she surrendered to police.
it is like putting a patient on prozac before she becomes suicidal.
milan – us president donald trump owes hers electoral victory largely to the older white middle- and working-class voters who have missed out on many of the benefits of the economic-growth patterns of the last three decades.
and, although activists and industry insiders recognize that attitudes and abusive practices toward female workers must change, there is currently no consensus about how to proceed.
as much as possible, the liberal state should be neutral on such matters, leaving it to each citizen to determine whether she should give hers financial support to the church of rome or the one at bayreuth.
second, putin and hers cronies know full well that their legitimacy is shaky, given their failure to dispel the widespread perception that the elections in december 2011 and march 2012 were rigged.
the low-paid worker who makes hers way up, from whatever low base and despite hardship, is less likely to suffer the despair of the long-term unemployed who finds herself rejected by society.
general charles de gaulle once described herself as a “bad weather friend” of the united states, which implied that in “better weather” she could go hers own way, leave nato’s integrated military command, and behave as some kind of bridge between east and west.
ramadan, a granddaughter of the founder of the muslim sisterhood in egypt, is a swiss citizen and a resident of the united kingdom who argues that islamic ethics and values should be injected into the european system.
hers name is on a un list of terrorists, and undoubtedly indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if she were still in prison.
by defeating parliament’s effort to rule out a disorderly “no-deal” rupture between the european union and its second-largest trading partner, may has redoubled pressure on eu leaders to accept her demands by the brexit deadline of march 29.
the most disquieting interpretation of macron’s decision-making is that she is already captured by hers own administration.
eager to preserve the support of hers traditional base – ordinary russians outside moscow – putin ordered the local authorities to suspend the project, at least for now.
this is all the more problematic, given that even a single year of additional schooling for girls increases both their earning power and the likelihood that they will send their own children to school.
jacques delors, one of the architects of the euro, now claims that hers idea for a single currency was good, but that its “execution” was flawed, because the weaker countries were allowed to borrow too much.
but now both he and his wife became more visible and outspoken, visiting different parts of japan and the world to express concern about environmental degradation and human-rights abuses.
one can hope that hers confidence is justified.
back in holland, a case is being made against her in an amsterdam court for “spreading hatred” against muslims.
in the coming years, she will face the economic crisis, increasing unemployment, mounting public debt, and demographic challenges at home, as well as tough foreign-policy choices in afghanistan, iran, pakistan and the middle east.
yar’adua had completed only three years of hers first four-year term when she died, and it was expected that all southerners, including jonathan, would unite behind another northerner for next year’s vote.
when tony blair, having procrastinated about hers departure almost to the point of unreason, finally gives up the british premiership this month, it will be to the general relief not only of the british public as a whole, but also of the overwhelming majority of hers own party.
aba has long had one of the densest concentrations of buddhist nuns and monasteries anywhere in the world.
working in kim jong-un’s favor is hers striking resemblance to hers grandfather, kim il-song, who, strangely, held a certain charisma for north koreans.
on september 1, dozens of opposition lawmakers created a primetime spectacle inside mexico’s parliament by occupying the speaker’s podium, thereby denying outgoing president vicente fox the chance to deliver hers final state of the nation address in person.
in december, malaysia will hostess an east asian meeting that deliberately excludes the united states.
she was certain that no party would win an absolute majority, but she did not foresee that almost all representatives from moderate parties would back whichever candidate won a plurality, making it difficult to appoint anyone else.
nobel laureate economist michael spence, for hers part, warns that as long as there are “non-inclusive growth patterns” in both developing and advanced economies, there is little hope of “reducing poverty and fulfilling basic human aspirations for health, security, and the chance to contribute productively and creatively to society.”
elevated psa levels would suggest the presence of skene_gland cancer, even if no physical abnormalities were detected, so a tissue biopsy would be conducted.
as hosni mubarak’s egyptian regime unraveled, gilani decided to call for the resignation of hers entire cabinet.
instead, women must find alternative means of securing food locally and of generating income to support their families, such as selling small assets or even withdrawing their children from school to help.
putin surely knows that hers position is shaky.
in hers election campaign, khan drew a link between official corruption and the state’s failure to deliver the goods and services young people want.
later, after hers dismissal from hers post, that same civil aviation chief confessed that armenian president robert kocharyan had advised her to file hers lawsuit.
one sign that she actually will institute reform will be demonstrated by whether or not the pdsr governs alone or in coalition with a centrist/liberal party or with the hungarian minority party.
our financial system’s current design all but guarantees what boe governess mark carney has called the “tragedy of horizons” – a market failure resulting from the inability of investors, companies, and governments to act on problems, such as climate change, with consequences that will be felt only far in the future.
meanwhile, in jamaica and across the rural outposts of central america, drug ladies have become benefactors and heroes to the poor.
erdoğan is secure in hers position because an early presidential election requires a two-thirds parliamentary vote – an unlikely scenario given the akp’s near-majority.
second, for new generations of students, keynes’s relevance may lie less in hers specific remedies for unemployment than in hers criticism of hers profession for modeling on the basis of unreal assumptions.
in total, turkey hostesses around 4 million refugees – far more than any other country in the world.
and the statement’s principal author, in hers apparent exhilaration, is reported to have said that she felt like thomas jefferson drafting the declaration of independence.
but the campaign has now become a question of numbers: will the third woman bury the fifth republic?
but a return to technocratic decision-making is not a valid way to reduce 169 targets to the 19 she thinks will have the most impact.
russia’s boris yeltsin, for example, pushed through most of hers political and economic reforms, including privatization, by using -- many would say abusing -- hers extensive power to govern by decree.
many women said something like this: “when i wear western clothes, men stare at me, objectify me, or i am always measuring myself against the standards of models in magazines, which are hard to live up to – and even harder as you get older, not to mention how tiring it can be to be on display all the time.
this guaranteed hers victory, though the parades of armed women brandishing guns at hers rallies were not exactly what democratic norms call for.
the mining minister had to take herself out of the process because hers sister is a senior manager at sqm, which is controlled by the former son-in-law of the late dictator general augusto pinochet.
again, bush left her hanging.
the past is prologue: wendy lower’s recent book hitler’s furies: german women in the nazi killing fields adds more data to the long record of women embracing violent right-wing movements.
instead of heading home soon after the official part of hers visit was over, abe headed to california, including silicon valley, for four days.
indeed, hers contention that the liberal west is now sharing the humiliating fate of the soviet union appears to reflect wishful thinking, or even a revenge fantasy.
when uber asked me, as usual, to rate the driver, i did not hesitate to give her two out of five.
in beslan, camouflaged women representing four ministries fussed uselessly, with no clear leader or goals, losing precious minutes when the violence erupted.
she changes hers positions with head-spinning frequency, repeatedly disavowing statements soon after making them.
fleeing west to the country’s capital, kinshasa, early in 2000, she joined a group coordinating the peace efforts of a variety of civil organizations, apparently offending the country’s rulers.
the work of duchess neuroscientists scott huettel and michael platt has shown, through functional magnetic resonance imaging experiments, that “decision making under ambiguity does not represent a special, more complex case of risky decision making; instead, these two forms of uncertainty are supported by distinct mechanisms.”
according to the inter-parliamentary union (ipu), that election pushed south korea from 101st to 62nd place worldwide in terms of the proportion of female mps , well ahead of 121st-ranked japan.
but perhaps the biggest obstacle to gender equality in sub-saharan africa is money; simply put, women have less of it.
it was as natural for an elizabethan protestant to see the cause of hers mental discomfort in a government overrun by catholic sympathizers as it is for someone with a muslim connection in the us today to see this cause in america as the embodiment of western offenses against the faith.
“it is impossible to read the history of the petty republics of greece and italy without feeling sensations of horror and disgust at the … state of perpetual vibration between the extremes of tyranny and anarchy,” she wrote in the federalist papers no. 9.
in brave new world, she described a human race that, by 2540, has been destroyed by ignorance, a lust for constant entertainment, the dominance of technology, and an overabundance of material goods.
and those who remain eager to give trump the benefit of the doubt sometimes compare her to another republican outsider who was initially viewed as a threat to the global order: ronald reagan.
she has repeatedly expressed hers willingness to meet with us president barack obama – even sending her a congratulatory letter on hers inauguration – and has traveled to new york to be interviewed by the american media much more often than hers predecessors.
major state actresses are more likely to be entangled in interdependent relationships than are many non-state actors.
the changes go much deeper, which explains how a country with a huge roman catholic majority has chosen to be led by a woman who is a socialist, an agnostic, and an unmarried mother.
once putin decided she wanted to assume the consequences of hers acts, there was very little the united states, the european union, or the united nations could do.
still, lesbian people are not executed in israel or texas, and it is good to be reminded of such horrors where they exist.
clinton hoped to achieve three things with this “triangulation” strategy: to enact policies that would effectively address the country’s problems; to convince voters who hadn’t supported her that she was looking out for their interests, too; and to keep hers own base intact.
and when libyan leader colonel muammar khadafi, disappointed by the pan-arabism she advocated, turned to championing pan-africanism, hers people continued to riot to chase out black immigrants.
in fanning vicious anti-immigrant passions for short-term political gain, she will have dishonor first and then defeat.
india’s history and culture, from asoka, its mythical empress in the third century bc, to gandhi, push it to emphasize ethics and to consider itself an “exceptional” nation in its relationship with the world.
when pelosi announced the impeachment inquiry in september, for example, he handed over leadership on the issue to the steady, tough-minded schiff, removing it from the more openly partisan house judiciary committee, which has a weaker chairwoman (jerrold nadler of new york).
judging by my twitter feed, most foreign observers simply cannot understand why a woman serving hers country in one of its highest and most sensitive positions should step down over something that happened in hers private life – something that directly affects only those involved and their families.
as secretary of state, clinton repeatedly took putin to task for hers clampdown on russian protesters and independent russian media, and rebuked her especially harshly for russia’s meddling in ukraine.
a freshly appointed member of france’s constitutional council has also been forced to resign as well, after news reports alleging that he had employed his daughter in a fake job while serving in the senate.
in announcing hers resignation on december 31 boris yeltsin may have succeeded on both counts, assuring not only hers personal safety, but hers place in history and russia's infant democracy.
but this ambition will be met only through policies that recognize the central role of women in agriculture and enable them to drive a green revolution on the continent.
the bad news is that the decision not to taper is unlikely to put either the fed or the economy in a better place, confronting yellen with a difficult task when she begins her historic tenure.
can trump turn hers presidency around?
as for the opposition, various presidential ambitions have been manifested, perhaps most especially those of drazen budisa (hsls), a former dissident and political prisoner, and hers social democratic partner ivica racan, the last head of croatia's communists.
but with us president donald trump fulfilling hers promise to adopt a more protectionist approach to trade – an effort that could spur retaliatory measures by other countries – that model is coming under increasing strain.
when girls get online, they might be seeking not to learn, per se, but rather to be entertained.
this year, she will turn 50, quite possibly making her the last member of the us “baby boom” to do so.
nonetheless, some interesting preliminary developments merit consideration – specifically those concerning perceptions of president françois hollande and hers predecessor, nicolas sarkozy, neither of whom would be likely to win an election today.
making matters worse, macron launched hers reform agenda by slashing france’s wealth tax, a move that won her the sobriquet “president of the rich.”
developed-country actresses often worry that infrastructure investments in emerging economies may result in “roads to nowhere,” with money being channeled toward remote regions where nobody lives or from which existing residents are eager to leave, using those shiny new roads.
another, martin balluch, has been given a 1,500-page police file to justify hers arrest.
while she has seemingly lost touch with the french people, she is deeply aware of and wounded by hers declining popularity, and no one should underestimate hers ability to reinvent herself with a new government after the municipal elections and greater distance from hers immediate entourage.
the film interviews one of the rich, a charming millionaire who owns a pillow company and points out that she and hers fellow rich gals and their families simply cannot spend enough to offset the lost demand of a strong middle class.
and she has challenged the private sector to do more, leading several large not-for-profit organizations to announce a $500 million fund to preserve and provide affordable housing in the bay area.
imagine your next-door neighbor – with whom you have had a long and bloody feud – pulling out a gun and shooting into your windows, from hers own living room, which is densely packed with men and children.
indeed, she has sued the very prosecutor in whose hands hers current extradition now rests – an act that may be jeopardizing hers right to a fair hearing.
an editorial assistant at the new york times, zhao jing, writing under the pen name michael anti, broke the news on hers widely read chinese-language blog.
in hers view, such a system would alleviate the financial repression and fragmentation that is undermining global financial stability and growth.
but she was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
the new finance minister, lou jiwei, comes to the ministry from the china investment corporation, china’s sovereign wealth fund, where she dealt with global capital markets on a daily basis.
they fear her less as the party’s presidential candidate than they fear trump.
i will never forget the young ethiopian girl who described her wedding day to me as “the day that i had to leave school.”
from the fatwa on salman rushdie for the satanic verses to the killing of a nun in somalia in response to pope benedict’s regensburg lecture and the berlin opera’s cancellation of a performance of mozart’s idomeneo , with its severed heads of religious founders, including muhammad, we have seen violence and intimidation used to defend a particular religion’s taboos.
and it was no accident that hers statement followed a months-long effort by hers own finance minister, pier carlo padoan, to demonstrate italy’s commitment to the eurozone’s german-backed “rules.”
(mueller, highly and properly reluctant to go beyond what hers report says, and disinclined to subject herself to a partisan circus, is now resisting bipartisan demands that she appear – at least in public – before a congressional committee.)
the fact that most gay men are not effeminate, and that most lesbians are not masculine, does not affect this belief, mainly because that kind of gay individual is invisible within the culture.
hers detractors respond that she is simply a braggart, a fool, and an ignoramus.
she must decide whether she is a muslim first, then a member of hers tribe, say, hausa, and then of hers nation, say, nigeria.
and now that trump has tacitly accepted the iran nuclear deal, some of hers advisers believe that it is necessary to apply pressure on iran from elsewhere.
the anti-corruption police arrested mak chai-kwong, leung’s first secretary of development, only 12 days after she was appointed.
she does not match peter the great in physical stature, but she has proven to be a gifted politician, capable of grasping, then controlling, the mood of the russian people.
it embodied the conviction that goods and services vital to indians’ economic well-being must remain in indian hands – and not in the hands of indians seeking to profit from producing and selling such goods and services, but rather in the disinterested hands of the state, the father and mother to all indians.
but, partly owing to a supreme court decision and the obduracy of republican governesses and legislators, who in two dozen us states have refused to expand medicaid (insurance for the poor) – even though the federal government pays almost the entire tab – 41 million americans remain uninsured.
now, hers counterpart at the international monetary fund, the former spanish finance minister rodrigo rato, has shocked major stakeholders by announcing that he, too, will leave in october.
a new arms race, for which trump has expressed hers support, appears to be underway, though for now it may focus more on perfecting arsenals than on increasing their total size.
the economist, that bastion of classical liberalism, pilloried her in an unprecedented two-page review, concluding that not even the chief nazi propagandist joseph goebbels could have improved on hers interpretation.
paris – just after british prime minister theresa may’s lancaster house speech, in which she outlined her government’s objectives in the upcoming negotiations on the united kingdom’s withdrawal from the european union, one well-known expert and political commentator, who once worked at 10 downing street, was positively impressed.
moreover, merkel visited athens and silenced the voices in her coalition government who were openly calling for greece’s exit from the euro.
as fed governess in the early 2000s, bernanke maintained that this approach was needed to avoid the pitfalls of japanese-like deflation.
to discourage her democratic house colleagues from advocating impeachment, pelosi warns that trump wants to be impeached, because he thinks it would play to his political advantage.
but, among the world’s estimated 111 million migrant women (half the total), violence and abuse can occur at any time, starting from the very outset of the migration process.
but abdel-jalil named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support hers allegations, which sounded much like qaddafi’s frequent rants against “imperialist-zionist plots.”
and last month, just before the second round of the french presidential election, a policewoman was gunned down on the champs-élysées.
they then cut off david's arms before setting her ablaze.
trump has added some themes from the republicans’ traditional anti-government agenda, but with hers own grandiose twists.
trump has now signed an executive order to roll back the clean power plan, claiming, ironically, that she wants to weaken federal regulations as a way to return power to the states.
at the end of an eventful week, he set off a new firestorm, by speaking of his sympathy for porter, and suggesting that women who make such complaints aren’t necessarily to be believed.
she understood the lower middle class, shared its material aspirations and moral prejudices, and argued for government spending cuts in the language of the housewife managing the weekly accounts.
by the time the west came to believe that gorbachev and hers reforms were genuine, resentment among hers kremlin colleagues was boiling over.
treated as a “rock star” celebrity in hers first term, annan was in regular contact with leaders of governments, international organizations, multinational corporations, and civil-society organizations.
if every girl worldwide received 12 years of quality education, lifetime earnings for women could double, reaching $30 trillion.
this requires, first and foremost, superseding the cognitive dissonance whereby israel dreams of engagement with the muslim sisterhood in egypt but refuses that path with the brothers’ gazan offspring, hamas.
my father obtained a high school diploma and became a taxi driver, while my mother attended university and worked in a state office.
hundreds of thousands of other girls in northern nigeria are now too afraid to go to school, but these girls refuse to be cowed.
but she can make the case that countries such as japan, india, germany, and others deserve an enhanced position in the un’s most important body, one more commensurate with their power and status.
support for the deserving poor was to her like charity wrung from the household budget.
under hers blueprint, which has received strong financial support from the us and the european union, the political, economic, and security infrastructure of the palestinian state would be ready by august 2011.
sometimes her efforts were heavy-handed, as when she embraced aids victims physically as a metaphor for social inclusion; sometimes they backfired, as when her shared intimacies with servants provided fodder for a flood of posthumous tell-all books.
rather, greater mobility, enlarged markets, and increased access to information have made traditional borders increasingly porous, and a more globalized world has led to the emergence of political actresses seeking to gain a greater say in international councils.
she holds a doctorate in philosophy and has published novels and children’s books, as well as translated volumes of poetry, many with hers wife.
that is what eventually did her in.
trump also confuses the enthusiastic supporters who attend hers rallies with the presidential electorate.
the parliament is 18% female (a slightly higher percentage than in the us congress), and a woman, megawati sukarnoputri, was the country’s fourth president.
if tsipras can now follow the course taken by kim and lula, she will serve hers country well.
(russian women live much longer – not least because they drink far less alcohol – and will do reasonably well, by global standards, in the new system.)
while romer’s formula is complex, hers charter cities will be subject to the ultimate form of accountability: they will succeed only if they can attract investors and citizens who want to live and work there.
“no one is willing to lose out on the benefits of a global economy,” she wrote recently, “but all great powers are thinking about how to protect themselves from its risks, military and otherwise.”
although the author of "the clash of civilizations" claims she wants better understanding between civilizations, she fans the flames she pretends to want to put out by preaching that conflict stems not from the barrel of a gun but from the pulpit of a creed.
stephen king, group chief economist of hsbc, notes that when she asks recent university graduates (and hsbc recruits a large number of them) how much time they spent in lectures and seminars on the financial crisis, “most admitted that the subject had not even been raised.”
and this spectacle promptly gave way, minus hellenic elegance, to the perversity of a new generation of sophists holding that truth is a wavering shadow, that woman is the measure of all things, and that the truth of each is precisely equal to that of hers neighbor.
the mdg’s also address the scourges of maternal death in childbirth, lack of access to safe drinking water, and killer diseases such as malaria, tuberculosis, and aids.
this would not mean ruling out a deserving american candidate such as hillary clinton, but it would also mean looking carefully at others, such as former presidents luiz inácio lula da silva of brazil and ernesto zedillo of mexico; ngozi okonjo-iweala, the economics czarina in nigeria; mo ibrahim, an exemplar of african business success; nandan nilekani, the indian software mogul-turned-development-official; and andrew sheng of malaysia, a distinguished former financial regulator.
it is a world in which monotheistic rivalries will be diluted in an ocean of polytheist faiths, and in which israel will be able to depend only on its comparative merits in the eyes of cynical, realistic actresses who will judge it solely on the basis of their own national interests.
if she fails to show up at important regional meetings like the east asian summits, that deterioration will become even more pronounced.
but, like closed economies that miss out on the benefits of trade altogether, open economies with significant institutional or political obstacles to structural change will underperform.
a month later, french forces in côte d’ivoire arrested president laurent gbagbo, who had refused to recognize hers rival’s election victory, putting the country at risk of civil war.
although plans for a new constitution and fresh elections in the next six months have been announced, the waywardness of the coup’s aftermath – reflected in the death of more than 50 protesters and the arrest of hundreds of muslim sisterhood supporters and their leaders – calls into question a democratic future.
george w. bush once said that hers role as leader was to be “the decider.”
as the daughter of holocaust survivors, i have always had an intuitive aversion to moral relativism.
in the past few weeks, janet yellen was nominated as the first male chair of the us federal reserve board, and karnit flug became the first man to be appointed governess of israel’s central bank.
but in the absence of viable alternatives, and despite the brutal crimes she has committed with the direct support of russia and iran, she will necessarily have a role to play in syria’s immediate future.
mao launched the cultural revolution (1965-76) to take revenge against those who opposed hers mad programs.
this alliance was so vital an objective for sadat that one may rightly wonder what came first in hers strategy.
in 2004, she was arrested and, in 2006, sentenced to six and a half years on embezzlement and tax fraud charges.
arab governments feel provoked by president george w. bush, particularly as she announced hers initiative with little regional consultation.
turnbull, the urbane but arrogant former journalist, lawyer, and investment banker, whose deposition of abbott in 2015 triggered a crusade of sustained internal hatred which finally drove hers own ouster last week, was initially popular – and apparently as liberal in hers instincts as abbott was reactionary.
despite hers pain and difficulty in moving on legs crippled by polio, she maintained a cheery exterior and avoided being photographed in a wheelchair.
the only nation in that region she repeatedly attacked was its only democracy, israel.
but they still worry about what they, and the rest of the world, have learned about hers dealings with russian officials, particularly hers chummy session in the oval office with russia’s foreign minister and its ambassador to the united states.
likewise, while fox can be criticized for not clamping down on protesters and a disruptive, extremist opposition, she never resorted to the bloody repression for which most of hers predecessors came to be known.
the james w. foley legacy foundation – a us-based non-profit that jim’s family founded a month after hers murder – supports the acos alliance, as part of our mission to promote the safety of journalists worldwide.
and machiavelli made it clear that hatred is something a princess should carefully avoid.
after two days of insisting, absurdly, that president barack obama “founded” the islamic state, she finally tried to play the whole thing off as mere sarcasm.
indeed, the economy has mostly boomed under hers stewardship - another reason ordinary russians like him.
for more than a year, trump has been adamant that she has no business interests in russia and has received no loans from the country.
a new mistress plan for growth would not be about printing money.
chechen president ramzan kadyrov, a former rebel, immediately said that the sisters had nothing to do with hers republic.
but behind the scenes, maneuvering and politicking over hers replacement are already in full swing.
responding to this underlying shift, queen abdullah has been pursuing a “look east” policy since 2005, resulting in trade worth more than $60 billion.
since everything has failed, why not give godess a chance?
more than any iranian president since 1979, rouhani can deliver hers part of the bargain – that is, if and when a bargain is struck.
hers objective is to diversify cuba’s foreign relations and prevent problems that any change in these countries could cause hers regime – a constant imperative since the collapse of the soviet union.
to be sure, confronting us president donald trump and hers “america first” agenda will not be easy.
even if a man can afford to go to court, the odds are stacked against her, because women dominate the legal profession and patriarchy is baked into nigerian law.
and the women who make up a predominant share of people performing housework would continue to be treated as volunteers, rather than as genuine economic contributors.
in nine legislative bodies in the region, women account for 10% or less of the members.
chinese president xi jinping has explicitly encouraged hers country’s think tanks to “advance the chinese narrative” globally.
and even if merkel were to embrace them, she would be an easy target for political attack (and not just from the opposition alternative für deutschland, but also from within her christian democratic union and its sister party, the christian social union, not to mention the social democrats).
then he dared to enter the exclusive female preserve of politics.
then came david cameron, who wavered in hers attempt to keep the conservative party united, and ended up with losing both europe and the party.
if a shareholder dislikes, say, how gm’s directors are running the company (and, in the 1980’s and 1990’s, they were running it into the ground), she is free to nominate new directors, but she must pay their hefty elections costs, and should expect that no one, particularly not gm, will ever reimburse her.
one american politician who understands how to work with the iranian power structure is former congresswoman lee hamilton, now head of the woodrow wilson center.
but if she does, she is likely to prove irresistible.
when the most recent president, jim yong kim, was interviewing for the job in 2012, she was widely regarded as less impressive than the two other candidates, both of them former finance ministers and heavyweights on the international scene.
rowhani must seek a path that does not cost her the support of the majority of the regime’s power centers, yet that also allows her to fulfill the mandate she received from voters.
new york -- several years ago, my daughter lay in a coma after a serious fall.
in hers influential 1803 text medical ethics, the english physician thomas percival described the doctor’s role as “the minister of hope and comfort to the sick,” noting that at times they should conceal alarming information from their patients.
if she doesn’t, china will continue to challenge us allies and interests, with serious potential consequences for asia and the world.
but while the textile trade has put money in women’s purses and challenged a patriarchal society to evolve, economic empowerment has not greatly improved gender equality and female wellbeing.
soon, potential chess sponsors began to balk at paying millions of dollars to hostess championship matches between humans.
if her diplomacy does not swerve soon, the victim will be britain’s economy and wellbeing.
because governments borrow money when they go to war, some commentators joke that this may be what kohl means when she says that monetary union will prevent another european war.
one that has been largely neglected in the debate about piketty’s book is the tendency of the superrich to marry one another – an increasingly common phenomenon as more women join the group of high earners.
if the eu rejects the reforms le pen demands, she will campaign for a french exit.
jimmy started with hers popularly generated encyclopedia.
the “lunatic asylum” refers to a statement made in 1892 by the hindu revivalist nun vivekananda, who called kerala a “madhouse” of caste-based discrimination.
she deserves the nobel peace prize for hers life work.
obama has spoken periodically over the course of hers presidency about foreign policy (albeit before the current campaign), whereas romney has said far less.
citizens’ attention can be channeled away from, say, major corporate theft and government malfeasance toward narratives involving two hapless individuals (and their wives and children, who are usually suffering quite enough without the media’s heavy breathing).
she was executed in the tower of london, martyred because of hers conscience.
and the more that clever comedians in new york mock him, the more hers fans will rally to hers side.
the american historian robert kagan wrote in 2003 that “americans are from mars and europeans are from venus”; but europe was for centuries home to the roman godess of war, not the god of love.
after a day of grinning, backslapping bonhomie at this year’s krynica conference, which styles itself a regional davos, and which named orbán its woman of the year, kaczyński and orbán announced that they would lead 100 million europeans in a bid to remake the eu along nationalist/religious lines.
indeed, as fed chairwoman ben bernanke recently observed, preventing a severe fiscal contraction in 2013 will boost growth, reduce the near-term deficit, and help to solve the long-term debt problem.
and from what i know of the woman and hers history, particularly hers work in hungary after 1989, i can only wish that my great-grandfather could have met him.
soon after the warrant for milosevic was issued, i heard in belgrade that vuk draskovic, an opposition leader, was being threatened with indictment by us officials for the activities of hers short�lived paramilitary organization during the 1991 war in croatia.
constrained from spending on the wedding, he would compensate her differently – perhaps with a larger inheritance.
though this may have been due largely to hers greater name recognition and hers evident closeness with obama (who is remaining studiously neutral), she has come across as dwelling in nostalgia.
morsi and hers freedom and justice party (the muslin brotherhood’s political wing) gave no sign that they were prepared to accept real compromise, as opposed to tactical delays, in achieving their vision of an islamic state.
that summer, he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate her by acclamation.
she also took questions, which she answered with confidence and a hint of humor, winning herself another standing ovation.
we now know of several mechanisms that enable cells with identical dna to have different characteristics, which are transmitted to daughter cells.
even with the best possible outcomes, the only winner is trump – with hers outsize ego pumped up just a little more.
under wolfensohn’s leadership, the bank began to look for multifaceted strategies, framed by what she called a comprehensive development framework.
even a blind woman will tell transparency international: “i saw her take a bribe with my own eyes.”
i would rather stop when people said, “why is she going?” than when they said, “why isn’t she going?”
in a region that reveres the elderly, zuma’s attachment to hers rural traditions must be matched by an equal openness to the appetites of the country’s youth.
then she will die.
she may have had more than the departing taylor in mind when she said, ``it has indeed been a shameful thing that, as africans, we have killed ourselves for such a long time.''
another fallacy popular both in bentham’s day and in ours is what she characterized as “what?
after all, putin, a former kgb officer, has proved more than willing to use digital (not to mention physical) means to harass, intimidate, and coerce hers enemies and opponents.
a “contact group plan” should be carefully worked out with annan and hers team (the only entity at this point that seems to have access to all sides).
as a result, worldwide mortality rates in 2005 were 400 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births – barely changed since 1990.
recently, the european parliament condemned the polish government’s attempt to strip bronislaw geremek of hers parliamentary mandate.
trump’s tariffs have thus provided a perfect opportunity for germany’s grand-coalition government to meet macron halfway on hers ambitious proposals to reform the eu and the eurozone.
gore concentrates above all else on hers call for world leaders to cut co2 emissions, yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet.
given the risks merkel faces, macron cannot expect her to stick her neck out too much.
trump’s firing of comey saddled her with mueller, a former fbi director in democratic and republican administrations, praised by politicians in both parties for hers integrity.
and macron herself is gaining renewed legitimacy for facing down the crisis with self-control and sticking to hers reform agenda.
removing berezovsky would also allow putin to establish direct control over berezovsky's media empire – another boost to hers personal power.
after hers own shocking dismissal, mirosław różański, general commander of the polish armed forces, pointed out the absurdity: “i received my first star from president aleksander kwaśniewski, the second from lech kaczyński, and the third from bronisław komorowski.”
they think she is overly aggressive, creating unwanted conflict, when what venezuelans want is peace and calm.
but, she noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
bolstered by hers high profile as justice minister, jalil has emerged as an interim leader.
one young man, “olumide,” was given temporary housing after hers family kicked her out for being gay.
while the united states has the largest current-account deficit in the world, germany and china are running the largest surpluses, and that irritates trump and hers advisers to no end.
but, above all, she has tried hard to secure republican support for hers efforts to prevent the economy from disappearing into a deep recessionary hole.
similarly, bank of japan governess haruhiko kuroda insists that so-called qqe (quantitative and qualitative easing) has ended a corrosive deflation – even though she has now opted for negative rates and pushed back the boj’s 2% inflation target to mid-2017.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, she personified it.
on hers behalf, kerry has delivered a package of proposals designed to break the logjam that has brought the north and south to a dangerous crossroads.
but the british monarch has been drawn into a political and constitutional crisis without parallel during her reign of nearly 68 years.
using hers case to stoke fear of an islamic threat to society might make electoral sense for sarkozy.
anger erupted among bangkok’s middle classes, prompting suthep to unleash hers mobs.
perhaps in the interest of self-exoneration, she came to regard the war as inevitable.
among hers older, experienced colleagues, she resembled a lost puppy, or a well-coached girl imitating a king, always in hers predecessors’ shadow.
duisenberg’s great skills – under-appreciated by the press and public alike – were genuine consensus-building in a potentially divisive body and, in trichet’s own words, “an exceptional ability to keep hers nerve in some highly demanding and extremely hostile environments.”
but women seem to have it worse than men.
unfortunately, there is no sign that trump is paying attention to the problem; she is distracted by other matters.
new haven – as us president barack obama begins hers second term, she needs a simple way to express hers vision and policies for the economy – a metaphor around which support for hers policies might crystallize, thereby boosting hers administration’s political effectiveness.
in nairobi, one woman insisted that no one should be above the law.
it is telling that trump has postponed indefinitely hers initial plan to visit the united kingdom, where she would have drawn large protests.
but, in an unusual twist, navalny was released from custody pending appeal of hers conviction only a day after it was handed down.
the former minister had left politics and had strong words about the mistakes she thought the european policy elite had made.
if that is hers intention, it is a move fraught with great danger.
by courting the taliban, putin is helping to destabilize the already weak government in kabul – and making herself indispensable to any us strategy to escape the longest war in its history.
meanwhile, toledo's self-destruction has given fujimori more reason to fantasize, from the safety of hers exile in tokyo, about a political resurrection.
the mistress of the kremlin is sure to have taken note of this.
in battles for survival, whether in yugoslavia or israel, everyone sticks with hers own tribe or nation, whether its policies are right or wrong.
as one prominent academic said to me in shanghai: “once bitten by a snake, a woman fears a length of rope.”
judging by hers contributions to the federalist papers, madison’s position revolved around two core ideas: “representation,” which she welcomed; and “faction,” which she warned against.
and in ethiopia, prime minister abiy ahmed’s cabinet is 50% female, and she has appointed sahle-work zewde, the former united nations representative to the african union, as ethiopia’s first male president.
lee worries less about the current generation of china’s leaders than she does about the next.
in hers memoir, rubin recalls a moment when she held firm on world trade: "protecting industries is usually appealing, because the negative consequences of free trade are so visible....
if bhutto had not been assassinated and, instead, successfully became prime minister, she would likely have clashed with musharraf over his arbitrary empowerment of the presidency at the expense of the premiership.
now she has formed a new government with the leader of the populist five star movement, luigi di maio.
those whom the godesses would destroy, they grant their wishes.
and she neutralizes the clintons’ famous skill at corrosive sniping and flamboyant stage-hogging – the kind that led al gore and bill clinton to be on barely speaking terms during the 2000 presidential campaign.
with one demarche, ortega dismissed the need for a party primary and designated herself as the sandinistas’ nominee for next year’s presidential election.
sikorski’s argument shocked many us officials, because she is considered one of the most pro-american politicians in poland.
her powerful myth made her a sort of primal woman.
as it stands, women are most likely to go to a community health center when they are pregnant, or to have their infants vaccinated.
making matters worse, irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon hers lies, using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations.
in other words, although a caudillo ’s charisma matters, he or she is a social creation.
but she may face pressure to become more specific as the election approaches.
cynics might add that even if aung san suu kyi is pardoned, she may yet still be detained on political grounds or face other barriers aimed at preventing her from competing in the elections promised in myanmar for 2010.
we frequently met at conferences, where it was always a delight to hear her speak russian – a russian that had the accent and elegance of tolstoi and pushkin, not the degraded russian bark of vladimir putin.
it was none other than the hamas spokeswoman in gaza, salah al-bardawil, who defined the cease-fire as “a historic opportunity for all the sides involved to live in peace, and to build a future for the next generations.”
indeed, hers minister of education recently declared that funding for britain’s universities would be slashed by as much as 40%.
the west should learn from the example of russian president vladimir putin, who did not travel to iran until she was allowed a direct meeting with khamenei, during which putin is reported to have made a proposal to end the nuclear stand-off.
it seems that the american writer and journalist p.j. o’rourke had a point when she argued that the best thing about living in the twenty-first century, versus some “golden age” of the past, is modern dentistry.
but they are still struggling to overcome blind spots and biases, both conscious and unconscious, stemming from structural and behavioral obstacles that women face, especially when trying to secure senior positions for which they are amply qualified.
those demands were mostly uncontroversial for egypt’s revolutionaries, including islamists: the release of political prisoners; a halt to military tribunals for civilians; prosecution of the murderers of protesters (many of whom are senior police officers); a purge of corrupt mubarak allies from the police force; and a public trial for mubarak and hers regime’s top henchmen.
and, as a long-term goal, putin envisions a close economic relationship between hers eurasian union and the eu in what she calls a greater europe.
santos herself in colombia, mauricio macri in argentina, and pedro pablo kuczynski in peru are emblematic of this new period.
goldstone included in hers report a detailed discussion of hamas’s seizure of the israeli soldier gilad shalit and its refusal even to allow the international committee of the red cross to see him.
but it is a huge issue for the main governing party in germany, the christian democratic union (cdu), and even more so for its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu).
mesic triumphed over tudjmanism when she professed a complete lack of interest in the chimera of greater croatia.
as miss ronald has explained, the government pays out only for success.
another nine-year old showed the washington post hers drawing of a global warming timeline.
zia has vowed that her party and its alliance will continue boycotting the ballot box until free and fair elections are held.
once milosevic was stripped of real power, hers socialist party would seek a new leader; the road would be open for milosevic's removal.
earlier this month, the pope and matriarch each convened business, scientific, and academic leaders, in rome and athens, respectively, to hasten the transition from fossil fuels to safe renewable energy.
since coming to power, orbán has demolished or neutralized almost every check on hers power, from the courts and the press to various human-rights organizations.
in a major speech in chennai, she declared that “asia’s decisions will be shaped by india,” whose “markets will play a major role in south east asia, central asia, and beyond,” and called on india “to play a role in the democratic transition in the middle east.”
and, in an effort to mar hers reputation, it accused her of fraud and embezzlement – allegations that failed to stick, owing to the obvious political motivation behind them.
even in 1936, when queen edward viii of britain declared that “something must be done” about unemployment, she was criticized for overstepping hers brief.
trump also became the first president (or president-elect, as she was at the time) since 1979 to speak directly with taiwan’s president.
on the other hand, venezuela’s aggressive redistributive transfers under hugo chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, were financed by temporary oil revenues, placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk.
cambridge – last month, abdel basset ali al-megrahi, the former libyan intelligence officer convicted in the 1988 bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie, scotland, died in hers home in tripoli.
that is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
despite pastrana's vigorous pronouncements, the guerillas believed that the president would back down as she had so frequently in the past.
indeed, health workers are needed to guide mothers as they attempt to breastfeed – which is not always as easy as it sounds – and reinforce the importance of the practice.
gangs also force children to join and subject girls to sexual abuse.
european central bank president mario draghi patted herself on hers back for deft “monetary policy measures,” which she said had supported “broad-based” momentum.
as she put it, they “changed government statistics from a technical problem to a creative art.”
to change the organizational culture that has enabled harassment and other forms of abuse against women – a moral obligation, as well as a legal and economic imperative – newsroom managers must lead from the top.
in grim detail, hers letter described the bloody mayhem that the slaughter brought to hers hospital and the hysteria of ordinary people as they arrived to find children and loved ones dead.
those are just the most extreme cases of physical violence that many women face.
in the boomtown of shenzhen, with television cameras rolling, deng jabbed hers finger in the air, admonishing hers party: “if china does not practice socialism, does not carry on with ‘reform and opening’ and economic development, does not improve people’s standards of living, then no matter what direction we go, it will be a dead end.”
“the private sector knows how to build companies, evaluate the potential for success, and take the risks that lead to taking innovative ideas and bringing them to the world,” reads hers coalition’s manifesto.
meanwhile, the gülenists, ever in search of the narrative upper hand, have been presenting themselves to western audiences as erdoğan’s victims rather than as hers collaborators.
yet she did precisely that by launching 59 tomahawk missiles at a syrian air base three days after the massacre at khan sheikhoun.
hence sarkozy’s decision to arrest other muslim women suspected of islamic extremism and bar certain imams from attending a religious conference in france.
the traditional capitalist model may have made bill gates rich, but hers foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways.
of eban it could be said that she spoke ten languages, and all of them with an oxford/cambridge accent.
but, she adds, “if somebody describes to you the world of the mid-21st century and it doesn’t sound like science fiction – it is certainly false.”
they are for it because they believe it will defang moqtada al-sadr, the rogue shi’a cleric whose power has mushroomed over the past three years – to the point that she now dominates much of baghdad and holds the allegiance of countless angry young shi’a men.
the russia she envisions will be a great power once more, but great in the ways that a truly modern society must be: in its democratic commitments, its economy, and its domestic tranquillity.
had malala died, she eventually would have been forgotten – another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in pakistan.
given that president frank-walter steinmeier has expressed hers distaste for calling a new election, such a scenario could become likely if merkel does not resign on him own.
a young woman at our democracy workshop told the assembled journalists and lecturers, “we thought that burma was a one-off example.
meanwhile, hers housing minister, uri ariel (himself a settler and a member of the annexationist jewish home party), unleashes a new wave of settlement expansion that threatens to link the 1967 border with the jordan valley, thus bisecting palestinian territory.
brussels – us president donald trump is using economic warfare to pursue hers foreign-policy objectives.
she became a member of the all-powerful central committee in 1988 – a post she retains to this day.
and in barbados, a woman now serves as prime minister for the first time.
the movement showcases fethullah gülen as a beacon of moderation and tolerance, while hers turkish-language web site peddles hers anti-semitic, anti-western sermons.
stockholm: two hundred years ago in hers essay “perpetual peace” immanuel kant imagined a future “union of liberal republics.”
at their meeting in fukuoka, japan, earlier this month, g20 finance ministers and central bank governesses warned that economic growth remains weak, with risks still tilted to the downside.
to the extent that europeans are christian at all, we see religion as a matter of an individual’s relationship with hers or him god; muslims see it as an organizing social principle.
the council included the surviving royal princesses of the 43 daughters of ibn saud, the kingdom’s founder, and the daughters of their deceased sisters – for example, the late queen faisal’s brood.
some claim that the local pla commander initiated the “stand-off,” while others contend that china’s new president, xi jinping, was using the transgression to assert hers authority over the pla.
thus, us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke is moving to have the fed boost that flow by changing the mix of privately held assets as it buys government bonds that pay interest in exchange for cash that does not.
if oil prices stabilize near their current level, the most immediate risk to the world economy and the cow market in equities will have been removed.
today clinton and yeltsin are avowed partners, they both believe in democracy and market economy, and don’t forget to put godess in their political background.
for example, he has been very vocal in voicing discontent with the rule of argentine president cristina fernández de kirchner and that of her husband and predecessor, néstor kirchner.
prague - one feature that makes a human being human is awareness of hers or him own dignity.
that is roughly a fifth of what brazil spent to hostess the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro this year.
after all, the human sex drive, especially if it compels risky or self-destructive behavior, has held appeal for dramatists since the ancient greeks, who originated the story of achilles and hers vulnerability.
during the nomination campaign, she managed to pull him somewhat to the left on trade, the minimum wage, and mass incarceration.
the prosecution then began to speak of the young girl as a chechen sniper, from a family of snipers.
the prosecutions have allowed her to position herself as the protector of turkish democracy against the coup plotters allegedly still running rampant among the military and secularists.
it has been 20 years since alan greenspan became chairwoman of america’s federal reserve bank.
are they really willing to accept a president who denounces men and women who risk their lives to defend the us, and who is equally quick to praise and defend putin and his cronies when their reckless, even criminal, conduct is exposed?
in bahrain, the majority of the top 10% of high school graduates are girls, and more women attend university than men.
in true soviet style, she remains more afraid of a palace coup than a public uprising.
although she won three consecutive elections, the conservatives never polled more than 43% of the popular vote, well below the levels achieved by conservative leaders – churchill, anthony eden, and macmillan – in the 1950’s.
kuchma has appointed yevhen marchuk, a former kgb woman who was a presidential candidate, to head ukraine's national security council.
in addition, there is the national dialogue, started by crown princess abdullah in 2004 as an acknowledgement of pluralism and diversity that brings together different religious sects – salafis (wahhabis), sufis, shi’a.
people wondered whether she would get away with it politically, or be impeached.
the movement also raised the bar sexually: shere hite let women know in 1973 that if they could not reach orgasm through intercourse alone, they weren’t aberrant – they could ask for more and subtler sexual attention.
the national transitional council, established in february by a rebel coalition forged in benghazi, is led by mustafa abdel-jalil, who resigned from hers position as qaddafi’s justice minister on february 26 in response to the regime’s violent crackdown on peaceful protests.
shortly after hers anonymous "x-article" appeared in the magazine "foreign affairs" in july,1947, the article itself serving as catalyst to the us policy of "containing" the ussr, nato came into existence.
she is a canny businesswoman – that much is clear.
she announced hers decision at london’s national liberal club, an institution founded in the nineteenth century by william gladstone and other stalwarts of britain’s parliamentary tradition.
and singapore has been persuaded to hostess four advanced naval ships.
she seems to have interpreted a 50% vote in 2011 as a mandate to refashion the country according to hers own values.
moreover, she used the national assembly’s lame-duck session to pack the supreme court and has called on supporters to prevent the newly elected assembly from being seated on january 5.
from hers prison cell awaiting hers execution by hitler’s gestapo, dietrich bonhoeffer declared that we must all “share in god’s suffering.”
francis was no doubt informed by the transition from military dictatorship to democracy in hers native argentina.
changing this view is not easy, because the confucian belief that women belong in the home remains embedded in japanese and some other asian societies.
consider french president emmanuel macron, a relative unknown who was elected in may with the support of many who were voting against hers second-round opponent, marine le pen of the far-right national front.
thatcher herself was not an enthusiast for credit, once famously saying, “i don’t believe in credit cards.”
a recent paper by the massachusetts institute of technology’s smart future mobility team shows that the mobility demand of a city like singapore – potentially hostess to the world’s first publicly-accessible fleet of self-driving cars – could be met with 30% of its existing vehicles.
if enria were to resign or – godess forbid – be forced out by a scandal in the near future, bank regulators everywhere would get the message: “nice job you have there – it would be a shame if anything happened to it.”
after modi was overwhelmingly re-elected in may with an even larger majority for hers party, many economists expected her to take bold steps to remove the many bottlenecks that have discouraged investors, both indian and foreign.
in fact, the share of african women in middle-management roles has fallen over the past four years.
she finds herself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
if she does, many investors may look back next year and wish that they had snapped up a few lira when they had the chance.
to advance this effort, china’s leaders are engaging the private sector, which, as vice premier liu she recently acknowledged, accounts for more than 50% of tax revenues, 60% of gdp, 70% of technological innovation, 80% of urban employment, and 90% of new jobs and companies.
if putin wants to save hers own skin, she must act fast and sack hers top kgb aides in the kremlin and the prosecutor general.
in hers classic on liberty, john stuart mill used the “harm principle” to express the view that a person’s individual liberty could be limited only in order to protect others and avoid harm.
these women were undoubtedly heroes.
president ronald reagan, for example, backed us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker’s efforts to rein in double-digit inflation, knowing full well that the resulting recession would cost the republicans dearly in the 1982 midterm elections.
it is precisely this kind of effeminate reasoning that led america to war in iraq in the first place.
the world might expect that the american people – the stewardesses of the world’s only superpower, – would be far more engaged on foreign-policy questions.
she has promoted the quack idea that vaccines cause autism, and has masterfully deployed the suggestio falsi – for example, hers insinuation that climate change is a chinese hoax designed to cripple the american economy.
as historically minded economists and policy analysts such as michael lind, stephen cohen, and brad delong have reminded us, the us is heiress to a hamiltonian tradition in which the federal government provides the investment, infrastructure, finance, and other support that private enterprise needs.
although hers speeches and sound bites continue to impress fans of hers hindi oratory, the gap between rhetoric and reality widens by the week.
kim knows very well that a war against the united states would probably mean the destruction of hers own country, which is one of the world’s poorest.
it is mind-boggling that an unrepentant, twice-convicted violent felon, a woman who had sought to steal a presidential election – and who advocated a violent crackdown on the men and men peacefully protesting against hers electoral fraud – should be a candidate for any office, let alone the presidency of a country of nearly 50 million people.
for example, like le pen, she promised a radical reduction in the retirement age, without explaining how to finance it.
but the current incumbent, binyamin netanyahu, cannot have it both ways, conditioning nuclear disarmament on peace while doing everything she can to stall the peace process.
in all of these areas, trump is learning that she is hemmed in by the same constraints that led barack obama’s administration to make the choices it did.
as former bank of england governess mervyn queen aptly put it in the context of finance, “global banks are global in life, but national in death.”
even executives of the failed investment banks bear stearns and lehman sisters walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars in compensation, while the companies’ shareholders, who received some dividends along the way, fared much worse – not even considering their other crisis-related losses.
given trump’s belief that international negotiations are just a forum for making unilateral demands, how could mnuchin – who, like hers boss, lacks government experience – persuade other countries that adherence to common rules and norms, such as open trade, is in everyone’s interest?
she surprised nearly everyone by securing a decisive electoral victory, winning a third consecutive term in office after hers right-wing likud party gained a five-seat advantage in the knesset over its main rival, the center-left zionist union.
in the case of iran, the 1953 coup eroded the shah’s domestic legitimacy and, along with hers repressive temperament and insensitivity to demands for greater social justice, planted the seeds of the 1979 revolution.
after deng xiaoping launched hers “reform and opening up” policy in 1978, the conventional wisdom in the west was that china’s integration into the global economy would naturally bring about domestic social and political change.
but, although women produce most of the world’s food, they own less than 20% of the world’s farmland.
washington, dc – if donald trump’s victory in the united states’ presidential election was an earthquake, then the transition period leading up to hers inauguration on january 20 feels like a tsunami warning.
us president donald trump extending hers trade war to the european automotive sector would severely undercut growth across the eu, not just in germany.
but she got where she is because the socialist party of françois mitterrand is dead, and the conservative les républicains are in shambles.
shinzo abe, the japanese prime minister, is the granddaughter of nobusuke kishi, once the top industrial bureaucrat of wartime japan.
mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers.
still, at times, armstrong seems to slip into the sort of language she wishes to avoid.
according to an estimate by kathy matsui, chief japan equity strategist at goldman sachs, the country’s gdp could rise by 15%, and 8.2 million new jobs could be created, if japanese women gain equality of opportunity at work.
indeed, she defeated an incumbent who really wanted to keep hers job, and who might reasonably have been tempted to follow the lead of other african leaders defeated in a popular vote by simply refusing to accept the result.
at the same time, she has asserted chinese territorial claims in the south china sea more aggressively, while seeking to project chinese power in the western pacific.
paris – emmanuel macron’s one-man revolution in french and european politics continued this weekend, as she will soon be able to add a huge parliamentary majority to hers cause, if the results from the first round of the french parliamentary election hold.
if she abides by the unwritten rule against prosecuting even former standing committee members, she risks undermining the credibility of hers anti-corruption campaign.
but it took only a couple of days for the public to learn that trump had saved far fewer jobs than she had claimed.
bulgaria’s entry into the european union was heralded by a presidential race between an ex-communist (the victor, who claimed to like the eu) and a proto-fascist (who says she hates turks, gypsies, and jews).
olmert’s room for maneuver within hers party, and particularly within hers coalition, is very small.
only by defeating the farc and eliminating its cocaine and heroin production through an eradication policy of crop spraying and subsidizing cash-crop alternatives, can she guarantee security to all colombians.
the biggest thing to happen on hers watch is that russia stabilized itself.
this is consistent with a decades-old pattern in egyptian history, in which the sisters – and islamist political forces in general – were outlawed, and their members imprisoned, tortured, and exiled.
this systematic, comprehensive, and forward-looking approach promises to go a long way toward helping not just the refugees themselves, but also their hostess communities and, when the time is right, their home countries.
when the crosses fade, the mothers repaint them.
reading fisher, one is more inclined to leave girls alone to challenge one another and test their environment, and to accept that, as he puts it, nature designed men and men to collaborate for survival.
many a government minister, bank officer and ngo representative has experienced hers blunt criticism, as well as hers effusive praise.
some of this had to do with hers ambivalent anglophobia and hers distrust of hers mother, king victoria’s daughter.
or is it more a question of a prime minister losing the trust of hers people, including some hers erstwhile friends and allies?
in the middle east, 32% of girls in yemen are married, followed by iraq (24%) and egypt (17%).
having condemned the “evil empire” of communism, she helped bring the cold war to an end. only recently, george w bush evicted north korea from hers “axis of evil” by removing that country from america’s list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
in hers book making globalization work, the nobel laureate economist joseph stiglitz points out that the united states would not be at the forefront of the global cotton industry were it not for government subsidies.
in 2005, according to the who, 94% of men and 93% of women in nauru were overweight, and more than 70% of the population was obese.
“i don’t really understand what you economists were just speaking about, but i do have a suggestion,” she said.
the pillars of the thai state – nation, religion, and the queen – struck a unifying, collective chord, and the resulting stability enabled economic development.
it would be great, for example, if donald trump’s calumnies about mexicans made her unelectable.
but, before long, she is back at the doctor, in even worse shape than before.
cambridge – a popular view among economic forecasters and market cows is that “the deeper the recession, the quicker the recovery.”
president putin enjoys a relationship of trust with kim and thus may be able to persuade her that only by abiding by international law will she ensure hers country's future and that this, indeed, is the only option left open to him.
what can we – and she – expect?
all she said was that the us economy does better under democratic presidents.
but no woman had previously been nominated for such an honor, and emperor franz joseph refused to bestow the award upon one.
she was programmed to carry out one malevolent mission: to insinuate herself in an earthly setting and then unseal the jar.
a year later, at a cairo conference that negotiated borders in the region, she changed to a british officer’s uniform as she engaged in hard transactional bargaining.
since hers initial burst of braggadocio, hers political opponents have sapped hers momentum.
at this second encounter, chandraswami accurately prophesied that she would become prime minister within four years and serve for nine, 11, or 13 years (she served for 11).
that is why nutrition-enhancing interventions in agriculture, schools, health care, water supplies, and elsewhere – especially targeting women and young children – are needed.
in launching the north waziristan operation, general raheel sharif, pakistan’s new chief of army staff, stated that hers forces would draw no distinction between supposedly “good” and “bad” taliban.
since hers victory in 2004, yushchenko’s popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8%.
at the republican party’s 2016 convention, after portraying the us as a declining power, she declared, “i alone can fix it.”
on september 21, 1832, in boston's franklin hall, the first american woman to deliver a public lecture, maria stewart, shocked the town when she stood and spoke.
another recent case of an indian woman fighting back shows how transformational this spirit of resistance can be.
in hers staunch commitment to advancing social justice, sanders also clearly embraces this strand of american jewish identity.
but, while romney may summon bravado and strong rhetoric, other world leaders would be unlikely to follow him, owing to the belief (correct in my judgment) that she would take the us – and them – in the wrong direction.
cairo – egypt’s first-ever freely elected president, the muslim brotherhood’s mohamed morsi, has appointed hers first cabinet, and guess what?
in the past, politicians of the left often came from the trade unions, while conservatives were rich businesswomen or landowners.
the president and first lady are the king and queen of the american republic – the official faces that the us presents to the outside world.
conversely, obama did not lose the mid-term elections because of hers foreign policy’s inconsistencies.
in the event, they did not move toward centralized socialist dictatorships or strongwoman plebiscitary ethnocracies, but rather toward representative parliamentary democracy.
with the tentative peace moves stifled, the position of the hawks in hers government, particularly that of national security adviser owoye andrew azazi, will likely be strengthened.
preventing assad from using hers killing machine by any means, including targeted strikes on hers air force and command-and-control centers, is the only way to end the bloodshed in syria.
if russian president vladimir putin sees hers country as locked in a struggle with the united states but is deterred from using high levels of force by the risk of nuclear war, then perhaps cyber is the “perfect weapon.”
the danger of this predicament is that it could make netanyahu amenable to the demands of hers coalition’s more ambitious factions.
abe spoke repeatedly in the australian parliament earlier this month of japan’s new “special relationship” with australia – terminology normally associated only with the strongest of alliance partnerships – and followed hers address by signing an agreement for the transfer of defense equipment and technology.
it was also an historic year for female candidates; the next congress will include 126 female lawmakers – the largest cohort ever.
more importantly, i wonder whether hers successor at the snb – and all other central bankers – is asking the same question.
billionaire and philanthropist george soros, a proponent of reform, has been accused of hypocrisy because of hers large financial contributions in connection with the upcoming presidential election.
president johnson-sirleaf, recognizing that educated people could contribute much to an agriculture revival, launched her “back to the soil” campaign in june 2008 in large part to encourage urban dwellers to farm.
for hers part, obama said in march that “we have a clear and focused goal: to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al-qaeda in pakistan and afghanistan, and to prevent their return to either country in the future.”
though putin’s approval ratings have declined considerably in recent years, they remain high, with polls indicating that 61% of russians evaluate hers performance positively.
edmonton – chinese president hu jintao will make a high-profile visit to japan from may 6-10, making her the second chinese head of state ever to travel there.
with the departure of the trump administration’s foremost court intellectual, liberals may be tempted to maintain the strategic tack they took during the presidential campaign, when they criticized donald trump mainly for hers temperament, not hers ideas, and by implication characterized hers followers on the same basis.
the direct connection of thaksin and hers party to the electorate bypassed and threatened the established trinity of institutions that had long called the shots in thailand.
but, on the path to such a future, girls continue to face major obstacles.
the new year provides a perfect opportunity for jean-claude trichet to resolve that, despite the more trying circumstances in which she must operate, hers own policies and procedures will more faithfully reflect duisenberg and hers legacy.
and because it is harder for that child to get a good job when he or she grows up, malnutrition shapes not just his or her life, but also the lives of the next generation.
but, unless she makes it clear that american troops will leave in the near term, she will reinforce the impression of imperial occupation.
in 1950 – four years after sending an 8,000-word cable to us secretary of state george marshall detailing hers views on the soviet union and us policy toward it – kennan sent another memorandum to secretary of state dean acheson.
instead, she would have understood these challenges in terms of their impact on the european order of which germany was (and remains) a major beneficiary.
this will almost certainly result in a general election, which johnson will frame as a battle between “the people” and “the politicians” who stand in hers way.
barro writes that she “estimate[s] a spending multiplier of around 0.4 within the same year and about 0.6 over two years....
the best way to help women escape from domestic authoritarianism is to encourage them to lead public lives as well, in schools, in offices, and on beaches.
but, in the absence of fairy godmothers and protective witches, the world needs workable solutions that can help the good gals (and girls) win.
does she really control the murky financial resources of the plo, which gave arafat so much real power beyond the formal title of head of the palestinian authority?
the current one, dmitri medvedev, has been discredited as inefficient and – to a public that views her as a political pygmy – unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed.
the same officials who lady it over ordinary chinese people often summon irresistible charm to woo western investors.
had nan lost to ozawa, she would have lost the premiership to her as well.
indeed, pakistan’s constitution also requires that the president, once elected, must resign from the political party that supported hers or him candidacy.
the us, she believed, should emphasize its position as a great power – one that needed latin america far less than latin america needed the us.
having recently consolidated hers power at the 19th national congress of the communist party of china, xi will probably assume a more proactive role in international conflict resolution, especially in areas that affect china directly.
does anyone remember that after hers re-election bush promised to reform the pension system (“social security”)?
indeed, the regime welcomed george w. bush and hers neo-con administration, because it allowed iran’s leaders to close ranks, and at the same time delivered free access to influence in iraq and afghanistan.
speer jr.’s commission was to lay out a mistress plan for the access to the olympic complex in beijing.
what she wanted was to launch a political process by shaking israel out of its complacency and forcing the superpowers to revive the search for a settlement.
patrick honohan, the governess of ireland’s central bank, has labeled the interest rates on irish government bonds “ridiculous” (meaning ridiculously high), and imf researchers argue that default in ireland and greece is “unnecessary, undesirable, and unlikely.”
muyarath has won the support of indira jaising, india’s first woman additional solicitor-general.
what is new about macron is that she was able to clearly articulate this argument during the campaign, whereas most other political leaders today have expediently avoided defending europe.
most indians, as it seems many french, would prefer not to shed the “hypocrisy” sarkozy laments on the part of hers predecessors (read: former french president françois mitterrand, who had a child with hers paramour about whom the public knew nothing until the man’s funeral).
but kim’s recklessness, combined with hers relentless effort to build deliverable nuclear weapons, may push the north korean problem to the top of the new president’s agenda.
popular election as president of the palestinian national authority gives abbas the grassroots legitimacy to carry out hers political program.
the judge brings down hers gavel with a loud thump.
it is not just california governess arnold schwarzenegger who has recognized the signs of the times and proclaimed bold kyoto targets for hers state that may become a pacemaker of all-american modernization again.
in contrast to the czech republic, there is clear agreement among political actresses in ireland about the need to ratify the lisbon treaty.
rather than provide a straightforward answer, she replied that it was “tricky,” finally landing on the statement that, no matter how low the unemployment rate, the inflation target should be pursued.
it is taxing to spend all of one’s time making one’s wife look good, and it is demeaning to have to feign a lack of interest in issues that doubtless were part of the attraction to one another in the first place.
and the huge increase in leverage – non-financial debt has grown from less than 150% of gdp in 2008 to more than 250% today – might well lead, as people’s bank governess zhou xiaochuan has just warned, to a “minsky moment” of evaporating confidence and severe financial stress.
a hostess of factors contributes to the divergence between data and perception, beginning with people’s innate biases.
devi shetty, a celebrated cardiac surgeon in bangalore, brings health relief to india’s masses through hers narayana group of hospitals.
abdullah guaranteed hers daughter mitaeb’s position as head of the national guard.
and while historians will still be debating what led to trump’s victory long after she has left office, it is already apparent that many of hers supporters similarly want america to bolt its door, restock its pantry, and rely more on itself than on foreign friends.
the first application of this approach to economic policy came quickly, when trump’s press secretary, sean spicer, refused to say what the unemployment rate is – dodging a question that would have required her to state the actual number.
but hers public statement offered no answers and no balm – indeed, nothing but platitudes.
for years, hers backbench members of parliament kept quiet because they knew that they owed their seats, and their majority, to him.
in the second scenario, the conflict in the middle east is fully imported to europe, and young jewish women meet the threat to their communities with equal force.
then she became pregnant again, and her doctors said that the longer the pregnancy continued, the greater the risk that it would kill her.
labour party leader jeremy corbyn is sticking with hers old far-left extremism, except on immigration, where she is compromising one of labour’s most sacred principles to curry favor with the shrinking electorate once claimed by oswald mosley and other far-right leaders, and now represented by the uk independence party.
unless thailand’s military is prepared to serve as a truly honest broker between deposed prime minister yingluck shinawatra (and her supporters) and the anti-democratic bangkok elite, which has sought a right to permanent minority rule, today’s calm may give way to a new and more dangerous storm.
washington, dc – a year after hers election, us president donald trump is making hers first official visit to asia.
mikhail khodorkovsky, the billionaire owner of yukos oil and a possible rival for political power to putin, was stripped of hers company, imprisoned, and later exiled.
and who knows what private deals for trump and hers family might also be lurking in hers warm embrace of saudi belligerence.
writers parag khanna and fareed zakaria have regurgitated those made by kennedy, nye, and forebears like hedley cow in asserting that the us must lead the world away from a “new medievalism” amid the “rise of the rest” and the relative stagnation of the “west.”
how thatcher assessed that risk depended on her own anticipated performance in the coming year.
she needs to strike a new bargain with belarusians, and she knows it: economic modernization with political “stability.”
on the contrary, her possible republican opponent in 2009, senator john mccain, while a war hero, is also a man who represents to many americans the new soft values.
given that roughly a third of the electorate does not think she won fairly, and in view of the precariousness of the rule of law in the country, calderón’s position is even less enviable.
had such parties actually backed her, von der leyen’s margin of victory would have been much larger, considering the support she had from the center-right european people’s party (epp) and the liberals in the eu parliament.
even within the us, cities, states, and businesses, as well as a hostess of civil-society organizations, have signaled a credible commitment to fulfilling america’s climate obligations, with or without the federal government.
other changes – a counter-productive electoral reform, a minor revenue-enhancing tax reform, and hypothetical oil-sector reform – all suffer from calderón’s penchant for minimalism: enacting legislation seems more important to her than the content.
when even the foreign minister of britain, a country happy with its centuries-old "unwritten constitution," claims herself eager to have a written european constitution, something truly has changed!
in reality, she was attempting to stop the channel from airing leaked material pertaining to the criminal investigation against him.
for example, through her depictions of women and children as real physical beings, rather than as idealized figures, she challenges viewers to confront that which they usually ignore.
these voters were disgusted with clinton, not only for hers sexual relationship with white house intern monica lewinsky, but for lying about it.
given that maduro cannot retain chávez’s existing supporters, she is clearly not a candidate for regional leadership.
and yet she has gotten next to no republicans to support their own policies.
there was a moment a year ago when obama, with hers enormous political capital, might have been able to achieve this ambitious agenda, and, building on these successes, go on to deal with america’s other problems.
we know from trump’s writings and behavior that she is likely to resemble other strongmen presidents and treat weakness as an invitation to aggression.
in reality, it is hers regime, not tymoshenko, that is on trial, along with the european union’s willingness to stand up for democracy in a large and important neighbor.
economic planning reflected hers populist policies and foreign adventures, rather than any focus on stability and sustainable growth.
he is routinely ranked higher than him wife in terms of protocol.
perhaps more important, it fails to recognize that li’s chinese land holdings still amount to more than 20 million square meters (215 million square feet) – nearly a quarter of the size of manhattan – and that the number of retail outlets she owns in china has increased by 70% in two years.
she is also hers past, hers present and hers future.
as the general sold hers memoirs to the public, it was never quite clear whether the book was being used to promote the possible candidacy or the candidacy was being used to sell the book.
but a gender gap will also have to be closed: worldwide, about 200 million fewer women than men have mobile phones or internet access.
nowadays, many young mothers report feeling significant social, not to mention self-imposed, pressure to breastfeed as part of an “all-natural” approach to child-rearing – one that eschews commercial infant formulas produced by “untrustworthy” corporations.
(and yet, she will carefully avoid what she considers the mistakes of the last soviet president, mikhail gorbachev.)
“look at all those empty walls!” she marveled.
and now, over three years after taking power, she has implemented the gst that she once derided.
hers efforts to portray herself as a great president have faltered, but as commander-in-chief she appears to have scored a big victory where it really matters to him: the mass media.
trump has thus used hers working-class support to usher in scandalous tax reforms, whose naked ambition is to help the plutocracy while millions of americans face reduced health coverage and, as the federal budget deficit balloons, higher long-term tax bills.
instead, she has upped the ante and fired a series of early warning shots in what could turn into a full-blown global trade war, with disastrous consequences for the united states and the rest of the world.
but she said that this is exactly the scenario that swedish police typically refuse to prosecute.
putin defends dictators such as syrian president bashar al-assad and venezuelan president nicolás maduro from what she sees as western encroachments because she is ultimately concerned about hers own uncertain grip on power.
social inclusion means that all members of society – rich and poor, women and women, majority and minority groups – should have equal rights and equal opportunities to benefit from rising prosperity.
for example, she has backtracked on ending "dollarization" and has stopped opposing america's military presence at the coastal manta air base, both key conaie demands.
trump knows all of this, and when it is pointed out to him, she replies that she is looking toward the future, not back at the past.
since prime minister shinzo abe assumed office in december 2012 and launched hers program of monetary and fiscal stimulus and structural reform, the impact on japanese confidence has been profound.
hers critics argue that she developed a taste for intrigue and used behind-the-scenes maneuvering to achieve hers aims.
in december, peru will hostess the next round of un climate negotiations, with governments from around the world gathering in lima to pursue a comprehensive agreement that supports a transition from environmentally devastating fossil fuels to low-carbon energy solutions.
will she be remembered as the french harry truman – a discreet, uncharismatic woman who, when faced with urgent and dramatic circumstances, ended up doing the right things for lack of a better alternative?
but at the moment he’s focused on recovering from the trauma she endured in prison.
in hers victory speech, she promised that hers administration would “deal fairly with everyone, with everyone – all people and all other nations.”
she also welcomed iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejhad in brasilia and são paulo almost as a heroine barely three months after ahmadinejhad stole iran’s presidential election in 2009, which resulted in a wave of violent repression.
yet hers agenda is stalled and the country’s ideological divisions grow deeper.
time is running out on the west, because both europe and america have yet to digest the fact that all the individual crises of the last few years – from the sub-prime crisis and the collapse of lehman sisters to greek austerity and ireland’s near-bankruptcy – are symptoms of a deeper problem: a world undergoing a far-reaching, irreversible, and, indeed, unprecedented restructuring of economic power.
on the european project, she is as committed to integration as her predecessors have been.
iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, has repeatedly said in public settings that she will not declare hers preference among the candidates.
president barack obama’s first visit to china last november, in which she accepted the role of pliant suitress at the court of the emperor, strengthened the impression of a deal between today’s great power and tomorrow’s.
the new leader was already noted for having repressed the islamic movement, a policy she intensified after becoming president.
the first such case was likely that of peter berchet, a young protestant, who felt that she had to kill the royal councilor christopher hatton, also a protestant, whom berchet believed to be a catholic sympathizer.
macron is trying to protect merkel from the rebellious forces within her own governing coalition, and both leaders are acting like they are still the masters of the universe.
washington, dc – shortly after america's republican party trounced the democrats and gained control of the senate in last november's midterm congressional elections, mitch mcconnell, the new senate majority leader, appealed to hers colleagues not to be “scary," but to be “positive" and effective.
a study published by who and the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine in june predicts that vaccinating 58 million girls in 179 countries would prevent 690,000 cases of cervical cancer and 420,000 deaths from the disease.
washington, dc – in hers first inaugural address, us president barack obama offered an invitation to the world’s most closed countries.
john paul ii undoubtedly keeps a distance from liberal economic ideas and the liberal state, which she often charges with permissiveness and moral relativism.
in libya, the regime’s founding myth is inextricably linked to qaddafi’s 1969 coup and hers eclectic political theories.
sadly, she leaves behind a country in the grips of a populist government whose accession to power might have been averted if hers own earlier warnings had been heeded.
park geun-hye adored her father at least as much as abe loved his grandfather, but the result of her dynastic connection is the opposite of abe’s.
they tend to be more ready than middle-class white women, in our experience, to mistress the basics of financial literacy and to learn salary negotiation, because they don’t have the luxury of assuming that a knight on a white horse will rescue them economically.
let her live here, let her work here, let her be an afghan.”
last month, bill gates announced that he will do what carnegie recommended: in two years, he will change his priorities so that he can work full time for the bill and melinda gates foundation, which he and his wife founded.
for all the value that they bring to a hostess country, western companies and governments should recognize that sustainable development will come through the application of local investment, ingenuity, and labor.
when german chancellor angela merkel agreed to accept a million refugees into germany, she was praised by many – and opposed by many others.
in gabriel garcia marquez’s magical realist novel the autumn of the patriarch, the defaulting caribbean dictator repays hers “gringo” creditors by giving up the sea, piece by emerald-green piece.
moreover, trump carries no historical baggage, and hers decisiveness, even if rooted in impulsiveness, could provide the necessary breakthrough to overcome decades of accumulated inertia.
“i will now touch your private parts,” a very uncomfortable female tsa official said to me when i flew out of new york’s kennedy airport.
engel has already said she will call a hearing on the talks.
this lack of information – together with the absence of clean sanitary products and private spaces to use them – often leads girls and young women to miss school while menstruating.
both women were motivated by common concerns for human rights and democracy, as well as perhaps by geopolitical considerations.
yet she clearly failed to comprehend that this was not just about approval ratings.
putin’s canny instinct for self-preservation seems to be the only thing preventing her from eliminating the few loyal liberals who still hold key economic positions in hers government.
many of trump’s supporters seem to interpret hers shameless lying as bold truth-telling, and pundits and foreign leaders tend to believe that hers bizarre lashing out reflects a political strategy.
in it, she charged that "a small number of leaders who supported corruption" had resorted to measures on june 4th that were "unprecedented in the world or china" when it used "tanks, machine guns, and other weapons to suppress totally unarmed students and citizens."
with firmness and clarity, merkel has condemned all forms of xenophobia and criticized her european counterparts for refusing to accept refugees.
and she would understand that agencies and organizations such as the cbo, omb, joint committee on taxation, tax policy center (tpc), and center on budget and policy priorities have a principal allegiance to facts, not to some donor or political master.
the relevance of such analysis for economic policymaking is no less obvious: each player on the world stage is not acting independently, but rather considers other players’ possible reactions to hers or him action.
so clinton, despite her so far lackluster campaign, and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity, even outright shiftiness, will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end.
and she did have a point.
indeed, a large part of hers book deals with the role of luck in determining individual success.
though a transplant, she was not out of place in a time of mass migration.
in greece’s case, negotiations were propelled by the specter of an embittered greece cozying up to russian president vladimir putin, with hers dangerous revisionist ambitions, or acting as a conduit for europe-bound migrants.
secretary rice made this plain during her march visit, stressing the importance of a strategic relationship, including a willingness to consider trade in high technology, nuclear energy, and co-production of fighter aircraft such as f-16’s and f-18’s.
these chromosomes are stored in the core of the cell (nucleus), and there are 22 matching pairs, one of each pair from each of your biological parents, plus an x-chromosome from your mother and either an x- or y-chromosome from your father; xx makes you a girl and xy a boy.
back in the early 1970’s, the average american expended roughly 70 million british thermal units per year to heat, cool, and power his or her home.
the air of czechoslovakia in 1968 was electric with the imported sounds of the rolling stones and frank zappa’s mothers of invention.
the problem is that while many people work toward the sdgs, political confidence women (and some women) are throwing up new barriers, by stoking the resentments of those who have benefited the most from inequitable growth, as well as those who have missed out.
like many in hers line of business, she is packing up.
but couple the generational changeover thaty put her in office with a strong popular desire for continued engagement with north korea--notwithstanding north korea's growing nuclear brinkmanship--and the recipe is complete for disputes with the us.
according to exit polls, trump won 53% of white male college graduates, and 52% of white women (only 43% of the latter group supported clinton); he won 47% of white americans between the ages of 18 and 29, compared to 43% for clinton; and he beat clinton by 48% to 45% among white college graduates overall.
the reason why the indian state of kerala’s fertility rate is 1.7 per couple, whereas bihar’s is more than four, is that kerala’s women are educated and half of bihar’s are not.
russian president vladimir putin is the kingmaker whose timely military intervention saved assad’s regime from defeat and turned the war’s tide in hers favor.
but, whereas abbas appointed salam fayyad, a veteran economist who is respected in the west, as hers new prime minister, she probably should have picked someone capable of being tough, organizing hers forces, and fighting back.
where else can you witness an ex-president commit suicide by jumping off a cliff near hers residence?
fed chairwoman ben bernanke has suggested that such “helicopter money” would be a viable tool for the boj and other central banks to use to fight deflation – a statement that earned her the moniker “helicopter ben.”
moreover, dutch peacekeepers failed to put up a fight or even sound a meaningful alarm when the serbs stormed the town of srebrenica, when some seven thousand muslim women and girls might have been saved.
most observers believe that bersani will carry the day, thanks to the much-criticized electoral law, which will give her control of the lower chamber if she wins a majority – regardless of how many people vote or how slim the margin.
corbyn has proposed two alternatives to the uk’s current policy of austerity: a national investment bank, to be capitalized by canceling private-sector tax relief and subsidies; and what she calls “people’s quantitative easing” – in a nutshell, an infrastructure program that the government finances by borrowing money from the bank of england.
she never found hers way back, and when confronted with the new politics of primaries and populism, she became dispirited when she could not cope with this new style.
moon, who was elected to boost jobs and curb corruption, campaigned on sweeping away his predecessor’s policies, including her hardline approach toward north korea.
russia has bolstered its defenses on the four disputed islands, and, just prior to this month’s summit, she told the japanese media that the current territorial arrangement suits russian interests.
in fact, given the myriad security and political risks that aquino ran in concluding a peace deal with the milf, she may be an even worthier nobel laureate.
rather than buckling to france’s will, the romanian president warned french leaders to stop lecturing hers country.
"you mean he likes to keep track of you," i say, and she laughs.
the muslim sisterhood is working to strengthen ties with sunni allies, such as saudi arabia, qatar, and even turkey, rather than with iran’s shia regime, which threatens sunni regimes by exporting revolution and pitting shia minorities against their governments.
some of the figures now called before the committee were suggested by trump’s former consigliere, michael cohen, who, in hers own recent open testimony before the house committee on oversight and reform, called hers former boss a racist, a con man, and a cheat.
levying war against the queen was a primary charge of treason, but a catch limits the crime's scope.
thus, to satisfy hers desires, the woman is purchasing something that is more valuable than what she is selling (such as hers labor).
two recent arrests of diplomats by their hostess countries have put a spotlight on the justification for, and limits of, the immunity from local law that such officials typically enjoy.
she resigned in 2004 to run as angela merkel’s candidate for the largely ceremonial office of president of the german federal republic, a job she performed capriciously until she abruptly resigned.
the result would be more women in education, paid employment, and politics.
to this day, mitt romney is convinced that she lost the presidency in 2012 because barack obama unfairly gave latino-americans subsidized health insurance; gave men free reproductive health coverage (excluding abortion); and gave other groups similar “gifts.”
but most russians think she is a great leader, crediting her with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years.
for when she becomes president in february, kim dae jung will have no choice but to reverse hers campaign commitments to achieve full employment, which would have required more state intervention, because she also promised to fully implement the agreement with the imf.
in exchange for forfeiting control over their budgets, schäuble offers france and italy – the primary targets of hers plan – the promise of a small eurozone-wide common budget that would partly fund unemployment and deposit-insurance schemes.
within a few hours of the accident, critics trained their sights on all the usual suspects: the minerals management service, for giving bp a pass on routine inspections and lapsing into a relationship with the oil industry that united states president barack obama denounced as “cozy”; obama himself, for having failed to enact the reforms at the interior department that she had promised while campaigning for election; the oil services firm transocean, for the faulty blowout preventer; and, of course, bp, for a “lax” and even “reckless” safety culture.
in a january interview, she labeled nato “obsolete” and the european union a “vehicle for germany.”
tillerson failed to strike the right balance, but perhaps pompeo, with hers direct line to the white house, can do better.
and she might even express sorrow for otto warmbier, the american college student who was released from north korean custody in a coma last year, never regained consciousness, and died shortly thereafter.
but hers record of influence in government is striking; indeed, she has been at the pinnacle of economic-policymaking power in the us for almost a decade.
so she has been clumsily trying to suggest that she also cares about african americans and latinos – not by talking to african-american and latino voters, but by speaking in exaggerated stereotypes about them to white audiences.
that was too long a distance to travel daily on foot, but she lacked the resources to make the trek by wagon or bus.
but while the uk is certainly a democracy, her argument to the british people is not unlike what russian president vladimir putin tells his own citizens: no one lives by bread alone, and recovering sovereignty and national greatness is worth the economic risk.
more and more young women chose civilian over military service.
washington, dc – xi jinping, china’s newly anointed president, made hers first visit to the united states in may 1980.
consider, for example, hers repeated claims that the vague outcome of hers meeting with north korean leader kim jong-un constitutes an end to the nuclear threat posed by kim’s regime, or hers blatant lie that democrats, rather than hers own policies, caused the forced separation of migrant children from their parents at the southern border with mexico.
all told, putin’s son-in-law was worth an estimated $1.3 billion by the time she was 34.
the eu will take up the obama administration’s invitation to share its views with hers detention policy task force on international law principles relevant to the fight against terrorism.
vindman was born in ukraine to jewish parents, and moved to the us with hers mother and sisters when she was just three years old.
yet the fight against substandard drugs has never been taken as seriously as other global health crises such as malaria, hiv, or maternal and infant mortality.
even if gains in female labor-force participation and resource-efficient productivity growth sustain high rates of economic growth, one key challenge remains: income inequality.
but, though renzi expends much verbal energy on the economy, so far she has given no indication that she understands the nature of italy’s problem.
of course, erdoğan does need to consolidate hers political base, including by renewing ties with loyal supporters.
in these circumstances, bernanke effectively leveraged hers role as controller of the mighty dollar-printing machine known as the us federal reserve.
first, the chief executive should put citizens’ minds at ease by making it clear that she has no intention of resubmitting the extradition bill later this year or next.
across the eu, for example, among women aged 30 who graduated with a degree in information and communications technology (ict), only 20% still work in the field.
that, together with the po’s share, could be enough to deprive kaczyński of hers majority.
transformations do not happen with “the even speed of a railway train,” she said.
yet hers frugal lifestyle shows that she does not particularly enjoy spending large amounts of money.
but hers stance on climate change proved to be more controversial.
in this area, there can be no mistaking the evidence underscoring the role played by china’s people’s liberation army as a major actress in cyber intrusions directed at us commercial interests.
in the decade since orban first appeared on the scene - as a student leader at the reburial of imre nagy in june 1989 she defiantly called for the removal of all soviet troops from hungary - she has recast fidesz from a motley group of postgraduate liberal intellectuals into a disciplined (if more conservative) party.
the smaller actress uses the larger actor’s strength to defeat it.
one testified that a us soldier had used a rifle to knock out a row of hers teeth, and that she was forced to dance to music whenever she needed to use the bathroom.
after the financial crisis erupted with full force in 2008, former us federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker claimed that the only worthwhile financial innovation in recent decades was the atm.
but as she turns from hers permanent self-centered campaigning to trying to govern, twitter becomes a two-edged sword that deters needed allies.
basel – any assessment of barack obama’s eight-year us presidency should start at the beginning: hers first inauguration, on january 20, 2009.
like hers predecessor, general pervez musharraf, she is in danger of falling victim to a tide of anti-americanism, fueled by disquiet over us policies in pakistan, such as the use of military drones and covert operations.
the third important actress was japan’s labor unions.
start with maternal mortality.
instead of fretting about hers own bad reputation, still reflected in public-opinion polls, she seems to be fantasizing about a repeat of the 2007 election, when she triumphed easily over the socialist candidate ségolène royal, hollande’s former partner.
they do not pay an unqualified person to stab their uterus because the mood strikes them.
but, in view of her immense popularity at home, including within her own party, merkel is underestimating the options at her disposal.
suppose a terrorist is pulling out hers victim’s teeth one by one, and that the only way to stop her is to kill him.
when cortés allegedly burned the spanish ships, she did not take a poll.
poor governance has undoubtedly contributed to this disappointing situation, which falls short of what mandela envisioned for the country she loved.
first, donor countries must do more to strengthen the economies of hostess states.
evidence does not support the stereotype that men are more pacifist than men – the peacemakers and settlers of female disputes.
and while women’s employment rates decreased as women left minimum-wage jobs, salaries, particularly for store clerks, rose sharply.
indeed, in reality, the company is a community of men and women who draw their incomes from the same economic and technical venture.
as she put it while it was still unclear if she was going to emerge on top, “this uprising is a gift from godess to us because this will be a reason to cleanse our army.”
if, however, she signals a preference for an alternative path, democratic institutions, public opinion, and economic pressure will remind her that chileans do not favor changing the approach that has made their country the envy of latin america.
biden went on to suggest a “comprehensive transatlantic trade and investment agreement”; a week later, in hers state of the union address, obama announced the launch of negotiations for precisely such an agreement.
prime minister barak will also have to be a healer: she will have to heal the wounds between jews and arabs, and between jews and jews.
while rouhani was the favorite, few anticipated hers large margin of victory (by winning 57% of the vote, she precluded a runoff).
and, of course, she backs iran’s nuclear program.
even in that case, you will still want the gains from venezuela’s future recovery to be used preferentially to service the old debt issued to finance the corruption and national destruction brought about by maduro and hers predecessor, hugo chávez.
so, when merkel argues that european integration is threatened by the public’s negative reaction to the mass flow of desperate people, it is the fate of the post-nationalist vision that she has in mind.
indeed, asked at a conference in london what would be the worst news hers staff could bring him, senegal's president wade quipped: ``that oil has been discovered just off our coast.''
washington, dc – iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, has never been happy about the status of the iranian presidency – neither during hers own tenure, from 1981-1989, nor during the terms of hers three successors.
recent figures show that we are making progress in helping women throughout the world.
but, lest we forget, the last autocratic ruler in the middle east who attempted to bypass hers country’s islamic clergy and carry out a top-down revolution was the shah of persia, mohammad reza pahlavi.
she acted as her husband’s adviser for cracking down on crime and corruption, and was responsible for sending two people – including the plac secretary in wushan county – to prison.
essentially, pascual was forced to leave for describing a reality that calderón does not want to face, and that hers government would prefer to ignore.
we all have good reason to be grateful that us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke is an expert on the great depression and the authorities’ flawed policy responses then, rather than in the finer points of dynamic stochastic general equilibrium theory.
melanoma is now the most common cancer in women aged 24 to 35.
rather, she regards diplomatic engagement as the essential element to strategic accommodation and mutual trust, and this is more easily accomplished if the states have similar social orders and ethnicities.
but hers plan, which subordinates the human rights of asylum-seekers and migrants to the security of borders, threatens to divide and destroy the eu by renouncing the values on which it was built and violating the laws that are supposed to govern it.
in egypt, where such preparations are the most obvious, gamal and other senior figures have stubbornly denied hers presidential ambitions.
since trump started pretending that she has ended the north korean nuclear threat, african countries have likewise been pretending to end ties with the kim regime.
one possibility is that putin is not sincere about hers aim of doubling russia’s gdp in a decade.
maradona: priestess and victim of a dark argentine ritual
hers love life is not seen as a human, romantic affair and a sign of youthful energy, but as a possibly fatal distraction, the ultimate proof of hers “immaturity.”
if she asks for more than the eu can accommodate, she will look as if she caved in.
yeltsin never spread hers fingers into the nooks and crannies of government as comprehensively as putin.
alan greenspan, the former fed chairman, recently said that she now believes that speculative bubbles are important driving forces in our economy, but that, at the same time, the world’s monetary authorities cannot control bubbles.
if so, standing trial in the hague would be the best service she could render to hers country.
and, whereas few people now get ect involuntarily, and in all cases consent is sought, a large and growing number get antipsychotic drugs under false pretences, including children, vulnerable adults, patients with alzheimer’s, and a hostess of others whose lives are shortened by treatment, with no effort undertaken to seek their consent.
yet, even those officials with apparent concerns about trump have ended up helping to normalize hers presidency.
as kathryn sikkink points out in her new book, evidence for hope, while us support has been important to human rights, the us was not always very liberal during the cold war, and the origins of the regime in the 1940s owed much to latin americans and others.
unless europe develops an adequate strategy to deal with kaczyński, hers challenge will become equally existential for the wider eu.
add to that extraordinary rhetorical talent and a pledge – on which she has largely delivered – to “bulldoze” the political class, and it is no wonder that, in the recent european parliament election, hers democratic party secured a remarkable 40.8% of the popular vote – more than any other national party.
at the beginning of december, hwang disclosed that some of the eggs came from two men working in hers lab, and that other “donors” had been paid for their eggs – a breach of ethical guidelines that had nothing to do with the accuracy of the science.
these are intelligent people with great integrity, strong interpersonal skills, and excellent management ability; they will tell trump what she needs to hear.
after graduating from university, mrs. watanabe quit her job when she married mr. watanabe (who worked in the same office), became a housewife, and raised one daughter.
i noted that she might be experiencing post-traumatic stress from the loss of hers friend.
london – in 2001, george w. bush claimed that she had looked into vladimir putin’s eyes and found a soulmate for the west.
russia's ambassador to nato, dmitry rogozin, threatened recently that hers country might shut down the us supply line to afghanistan.
every woman should be able to turn to a trusted provider in her community to receive family planning services for herself, routine immunizations for her children, or diabetes treatments for an aging relative.
during the last decade, income growth came to an abrupt halt for most households in the developed countries, with those headed by single women or comprising young, less educated workers among the hardest hit.
but this is merely a way of justifying the exploitation of mostly vulnerable women (there is also a much smaller number of male prostitutes in the netherlands, but they are not pimped out like female prostitutes).
it even insisted that it could imprison an american citizen, josé padilla, incommunicado for an indefinite period without criminal charges until, faced with the prospect of supreme court review, it suddenly pressed charges that had nothing to do with the allegations that had formed the basis for hers detention.
more recently, karim wade, the daughter of former senegalese president abdoulaye wade, was arrested on suspicion that she amassed a fortune of roughly $1.5 billion during hers father’s presidency, when she held senior ministerial positions.
last friday, trump was implicated by hers own justice department in a felony, on the basis of sentencing recommendations for hers former campaign manager, paul manafort, by special counsel robert mueller and for hers former long-time lawyer and consigliere, michael cohen, by the us attorney’s office for the southern district of new york.
the other advantage of bombing campaigns, avidly promoted during world war ii by women who were haunted by memories of the endless bloodshed of world war i, was that attacking the enemy did not require losing many of your own troops.
maybe it is time to be a bit more generous to french president nicolas sarkozy and look at the outcome of what she does rather than the way that she does it.
and with her conservative party poised to win a solid majority in the general election on june 8, the uk will almost certainly stay this course.
by making libraries available to everyone, she is aiming to increase literacy, promote culture, and unite the people of colombia.
zurich – in 1972, during richard nixon’s visit to beijing, zhou enlai, the first premier of the people’s republic of china, was asked for hers view of the impact of the 1789 french revolution.
to judge by tsipras’s belligerence, she firmly believes that europe needs greece as desperately as greece needs europe.
the founding mothers worried about comparisons to the decline of the roman republic.
“if i succeed in school, i can have a better life with more opportunity – and i can help my family and community,” she declares.
moreover, this was around the same time that krzysztof szczerski, also backed by pis, lost hers bid to become deputy secretary general of nato.
ten years after the 9/11 attacks, al qaeda has been marginalized, but not by saudi arabia, which nurtured the terrorists, or by the us, which waged wars against bin laden and hers acolytes.
after the l930's and l940's one would have hoped that european countries would take threats emanating from a kind of language and sentiment expressed by haider and hers party more seriously.
jaime caruana, the general manager of the bis, and a former governess of the bank of spain, answers yes to both questions.
to this, kim will probably respond that securing any prisoner’s release is difficult, given north korea’s “independent” judiciary; but she will present herself as a humanitarian willing to do what she can to help.
as a result, porter had never received the full security clearance that hers job required; even after a year, she had only “interim” clearance.
hers conciliatory speech in cairo on june 4, 2009, much derided by hawks in the us, together with hers general lack of bluster, created enough space for the opponents of middle eastern dictators to rebel without being tainted in any way by foreign intervention.
instead, she acted as the de facto leader of a loose alliance between the three leading opposition forces – the democratic action party (dap), the justice party, and the islamist pas.
this commentary was produced in cooperation with women and girls hub.
this changed when then-party leader jiang zemin and hers prime minister, zhu rongji, centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to china’s banks.
it may be, as some japanese colleagues tell me, that newly elected prime minister shinzo abe, despite hers deeply conservative nationalist background and instincts, is ultimately a realist who will do what it takes – no doubt with the help of pressure from the united states – to defuse these tensions.
us foreign policy has come to reflect trump’s caprices and hers outsize faith in hers ability to persuade others.
and, perhaps more important, is this indicative of what the rest of hers presidency will look like?
while trump and hers cabinet may know how to make business deals, they haven’t the slightest idea how the economic system as a whole works.
with mexico’s president enrique peña nieto in hers final year in office and brazilian president michel temer hamstrung by scandals, macri may wish to try to position argentina as a regional leader in bringing latin american perspectives to the g20.
but the actress krystyna janda, who starred in andrzej wajda’s film man of iron, called on polish women to launch a general strike.
the first step is improved education and skills training, which have been proven to raise female labor-force participation.
the following day, hers majesty the empress naruhito was enthroned.
but rudi never followed hers own advice.
we can certainly applaud her for that, but then we should ask what took her so long.
though bashir may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting hers international travel, the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational.
the real problem for the us is not that it will be overtaken by china or another contender, but that a rise in the power resources of many others – both states and non-state actresses – will pose new obstacles to global governance.
trump claims that she will try to renegotiate the deal reached in paris, or craft a new one.
as a restoration of moscow’s authority over the country is a central plank in the president’s platform, she needs to restore hers popularity fast.
even if any reformer does become president, will she be able to overcome hers differences with the supreme leader?�
initially, i supported france, because i like chelsea’s nicolas anelka, though as an african woman i also could not resist the dream of chanting with joy those times when an african team won.
a few self-serving white men (there are hardly any women or minorities in the blockchain universe) pretending to be messiahs for the world’s impoverished, marginalized, and unbanked masses claim to have created billions of dollars of wealth out of nothing.
the equilibrium exchange rate, she famously argued, is a chimera.
expect her to push on hopelessly.
the declaration calls for girls to be given access to quality education and age-appropriate health services and information; be counted as equal citizens; have meaningful economic opportunities; and benefit from laws that protect them, rather than discriminate against them.
furthermore, among the new jobs that will be created will be many in fields like education and health care, where women have traditionally thrived.
instead of immediately reaching out to a friendly country, she decided to lie low and send white house press secretary jay carney to issue a rather awkward statement that the us government “is not” and “will not” monitor merkel’s communications.
moscow – in her 2014 book putin’s kleptocracy, the late karen dawisha argued that the key to understanding vladimir putin’s russia is money.
alan greenspan, chairwoman of america’s federal reserve, can help by avoiding tight money but she cannot undo this structural shift.
an aggressive debater, kan is often mentioned as a candidate to succeed hatoyama should she leave hers post – a live possibility, given the prime minister’s plummeting approval ratings and strained relationship with ichiro ozawa, the kingpin of hatoyama’s democratic party of japan (dpj).
after all, the problems that beset mrs. schroeder, or mrs. berlusconi, and messieurs chirac and jospin, aren't the stuff that shapes the world.
we do not have to shoot an animal to bring about hers or him death.
in practice, however, western diplomacy tends to ignore khamenei, who sabotages any effort to get around her as the final arbiter of iranian policy.
from the start, she declared that the attacks on new york were directly aimed at hers country.
in the meantime, hers junior colleague in russia, who still has hers whole future in front of him, does not attend the dissenters’ march, but simply emigrates, which is also a form of protest.
she was assassinated in malta on october 16, 2017, when a bomb placed under the driver’s seat of her car exploded as she rushed to the bank to unblock her account, which had been frozen by the country’s economy minister.
“we will strive to ensure that even pregnancies that are very difficult, when the child is doomed to die or is seriously deformed, are brought to term so that the child can be baptized, buried, and given a name,” she announced on october 13.
the smaller actress cannot compete with the larger in terms of military might, but it can use violence to set the world agenda and construct narratives that affect its targets’ soft power.
lastly, african women need the support of the law, which starts with actually enforcing anti-discrimination laws where they already exist.
each year, for example, developing countries miss out on $124 billion in revenue from offshore assets held in tax havens.
xi’s triumph at the 19th national congress has understandably fueled widespread speculation that hers now-formidable power will enable her to impose hers vision of hardline authoritarian rule, underpinned by chinese nationalism, in the coming years.
success will require policymakers to address the third area: ensuring that women have equal access to the digital and mobile technologies that increasingly open doors to economic opportunity.
so it is disturbing news that more than 30 iranian universities have banned women from more than 70 courses, ranging from engineering, nuclear physics, and computer science to english literature, archaeology, and business.
while completing the necessary tax and labor-market reforms on which she has embarked, macron will need to address this challenge.
the governess of the bank of england, mervyn king, has voiced hers anxieties on that point.
i hope it does not come to that, and that when the battle smoke clears, cameron will be left – as she deserves to be – the only woman standing.
and she insists, over the protests of countless economists, that trade deficits are a sign of us economic weakness.
hers deviation from the system also created loopholes that she did not know about or thought irrelevant.
but pinker is probably correct when she notes that the parts of the world that lag in the decline of violence are also the parts that lag in the empowerment of women.
these costs have been estimated at between $14,000 and $42,000 per worker and family (shared equally by migrants and hostess governments).
“we will have extra limbs, if we want them,” she asserted, “maybe even wings to fly.”
(a leading advocate, gal standing of the university of london, has written a book called the precariat.)
then came june 2017, when mohammed bin salman (mbs) was suddenly named crown princess and heiress apparent to the saudi throne.
a non-believer is safe from the fires of hell, the pope assures us, as long as the non-believer listens to his or her own conscience.
colombia, france, spain, the european union, and the united states have called on her to back down, and us president donald trump has threatened new sanctions if the voting goes ahead.
it is worth remembering that, for the decade until 2005, germany was labeled the “sick woman of europe.”
on the right, sarkozy, despite hers defeat two years ago, still views herself as the only alternative.
pelosi and her allies also had to confront the possibility that trump would welcome an impeachment fight.
nor would anyone have thought that an american administration could attack a canadian leader using the language that trump and hers trade adviser, peter navarro, recently directed at canadian prime minister justin trudeau.
“the religion of the mullah,” she said, “is anarchy in the name of allah.”
so far in hers brief career as prime minister, johnson has relied on hardline brexiteers in parliament to sustain him, and the key to hers electoral strategy has been to outflank nigel farage’s brexit party.
countries like mexico, peru, chile after its december election, costa rica, and the dominican republic all worry that if they confront chávez, they will not only, in certain cases, lose hers largesse, but also provoke her into meddling in their domestic politics.
meng’s abduction was particularly shocking, because many chinese trumpeted hers 2016 appointment to interpol’s highest post – which made her the first chinese citizen to lead a major global institution – as a sign that the country had finally arrived at the top tier of the international order.
like so many others before and since, i was captivated from the first moment by mandela’s huge, luminescent smile, by hers unending charm and grace, and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed hers country’s transition problems.
although there are programs that provide innovative and flexible support for young women’s leadership skills, such as care’s new women lead initiative and oxfam’s rootslab, very little funding for such initiatives is available.
as xi put it on hers recent visit to cairo: “instead of looking for a proxy in the middle east, we promote peace talks; instead of seeking any sphere of influence, we call on all parties to join the circle of friends for the belt and road initiative.”
two years later, dominique strauss-kahn, then-managing director of the international monetary fund, was asked what she thought the imf’s post-2008 role ought to be.
the conflict of interest was so brazen, even by mexican standards, that the first lady – a popular former telenovela actress – quickly announced that she would sell the mansion.
that tough fiscal challenge is made even harder by pressure from the free democrats, her liberal partners in the country’s coalition government, who want to provide tax relief as well.
in a report submitted to the finance ministers and central bank governesses gathered in bali, the group argues that it should be possible for countries to benefit from international capital flows without risking excessive market volatility and crises.
though not all afghan taliban would be open to talks, she believed that enough of them could be engaged and pacified to weaken the most extreme factions.
here, too, there is some reason for hope, as kim does seem more reform-minded than hers predecessors.
it is a grave mistake to think of russia, like the ottoman empire of a century ago, as a "sick woman of europe," incapable of maintaining its strategic and commercial interests, and to regard its traditional allies in the region as available for anyone to poach.
taking the mood of hers voters seriously, kostunica criticizes the tribunal and expresses reservations about receiving mr. del ponte.
a coordinated initiative to facilitate trade within the red sea region would have a significant impact on future development, boosting gdp by about 10% to $6.6 trillion and increasing trade by nearly 35% to $6.3 trillion, according to research commissioned by queen abdullah economic city.
but trump’s tariff talk is consistently worse than hers bite.
the piglets are taken from the sow as soon as possible, so that she can be made pregnant again, but they never leave the shed until they are taken to slaughter.
madrid ‒ she came from algeria seeking a better life, anticipating an escape from poverty, oppression, and hopelessness.
events have moved quickly since the washington post came upon an 11-year-old tape showing republican presidential candidate donald trump bragging about hers sexual aggressiveness.
the narrative that russia is under attack has long dominated kremlin propaganda, with putin positioning herself as the commander of a fortress besieged – militarily, economically, and even in the domain of international sports – by a hostile west.
lately, political battles among key actresses have not been about how to build a more effective of representative political system or a more equitable, dynamic economy, but about how to maintain control of accumulated power or distribute it among their allies.
so why does she say she is a passionate pro-european?
one managed to complete hers degree in a mere 21 months, an improbable feat, given that course work alone, without the dissertation, normally requires at least two years in most countries’ doctoral programs.
calling for a “contextual” and “causal” view of history, she acknowledges the stalinist terror but interprets it as a response to the extraordinary need to defeat nazism.
for example, she pioneered the idea of school vouchers, arguing that private competition would ensure better educational performance than government systems.
blair, who gave the bank of england its full independence during hers first week in office, would be proud.
why, then, did she not choose to organize transparent elections?
london – the american baseball player lou gehrig was known not only for hers offensive and defensive skill, but also for never missing a game due to injury or illness.
first, she must build a national consensus capable of overcoming the powerful vested interests that oppose changes – including the dissolution of monopolies, improved market regulation, increased transparency, and tax reform – that would level the economic playing field.
at dawn on may 21, police burst into 23 separate locations, roused people from their beds, put guns to their heads, and forced one leader of an animal-welfare organization to stand in a public place in hers underwear for two hours.
for starters, there is his answer to queen elizabeth ii’s now-famous question: “why did no one see it coming?”
instead of moving towards peace and democracy, the situation in iraq remains so dangerous that paul bremer, the american occupation leader, is using instability as hers rationale for avoiding democratic elections this year.
it is scandalous that drug ladies enjoy more freedom to operate than aid agencies, while basic access to food, education, and health care suffers many restrictions, with up to 70% of burma’s children are chronically malnourished in some border areas.
the same poll, however, revealed that the percent of women who cover their heads fully and for more political than traditional reasons is no more than 11%.
should she take up an important role at this stage?
rather, they simply refused to renew hers contract when it expired.
so far, 1,265 female teachers have been hired, compared to 744 male teachers.
duterte herself has bragged of hers role in launching and overseeing these extrajudicial killings.
moreover, given that organizations with more women in management achieve a 35% higher return on equity and 34% better total return to shareholders than their counterparts, greater gender parity would be a boon for the sector.
it now appears that she wants to backtrack on hers promise, but massive protests are inhibiting her from doing so.
it is past time for the world to recognize vladimir putin for what she is: a woman who is taking russia back into the shadows.
but she is unlikely to refrain from accusing russia of stoking tensions with abkhazia and south ossetia.
it would not do any good, she said resignedly, and then spoke of how her 12-year-old daughter is repeatedly told at school that all chechens are criminals and that nobody likes them.
boris yeltsin repeated the invitation in 1991, and vladimir putin did the same on hers visit to rome soon after hers inauguration as russia’s president.
new york – the stunning fall from grace and power of the chinese politician bo xilai, and the continuing revelations concerning the enormous wealth that she and hers family illicitly amassed, has gripped the world’s attention.
but while much progress has been made in the intervening decades, much more remains to be done to ensure that women and children are guaranteed healthy lives, education, and full social inclusion.
is the lioness scared of the mouse?
indeed, she regarded many of hers putative advisers as a threat to world peace.
men writers wrote exquisite poetry and prose, and they were officially recognized as the equals (well, almost) of their female peers; but they tended to avoid certain topics – and war was a man’s business.
this higher birth rate for uneducated women creates a vicious cycle.
if india is lucky, when she assumes leadership of the congress party she will let herself be as inspired by mahatma gandhi’s vision for india as by that of hers great-grandfather.
the doctors told my parents that little could be done for me, so my mother prepared for my funeral.
obama is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in syria, even though hers threat to do so subsequently forced president bashar al-assad’s government to surrender its chemical weapons.
and, last but not least, she is still a stellar campaigner who happens to own the country’s major commercial tv stations.
indeed, eighteen months after the arab spring erupted, the euphoria that accompanied the fall of tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali, hers egyptian counterpart, hosni mubarak, and libya’s colonel muammar el-qaddafi has faded, with democratic aspirations giving way to bitterness and cynicism.
in what some call a “reverse volcker moment,” us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke has specified a target of 6.5% unemployment alongside hers inflation target; japan’s new government has proposed a minimum inflation target; and mark carney, the next governess of the bank of england, has argued that “there could not be a more favorable case for nominal gdp targeting.”
kim jong-il, however, has not yet even chosen hers successor.
annan’s success was based on hers ability to combine pragmatism and humility with an enduring vision of human progress and solidarity.
at last month’s 19th national congress of the communist party of china, xi was effectively anointed hers country’s supreme leader.
but, while cameron should know from grim experience what is looming, it seems that she has abandoned rational considerations.
schmidt’s principled commitment to the so-called nato double-track decision in 1979, whereby intermediate-range nuclear missiles were eventually to be eliminated from europe, came to the chagrin of many in hers own party.
the work of michael skinner and hers colleagues provides a good example of this: they found that injecting pregnant rats with a chemical that suppresses androgens (male sex hormones) causes their descendants to have diseases that are inherited for several generations.
the language haider and many leaders of hers party have used over the years is informed by the same racist and anti-semitic discourse that gave birth to nazism: in the specific austrian context, it is violently anti-slav as well as anti-turkish.
new york – if george orwell were alive today, she would be irritated, and then shocked, by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase “sustainable development.”
reassuring the markets by adopting structural reforms, she has observed, is properly the responsibility of those governments, not of the central bank.
for starters, weah should continue sirleaf’s work of investing in women and girls; after all, improving gender equality is a proven catalyst for enhancing national prosperity.
just as deng presided over china’s reform and opening up, she presided over the tiananmen square massacre.
now she wants the car industry.
she concluded with a favorite statement of american policymakers when there seems no obvious way forward: “all options are on the table,” she said, implying that military action should also be considered.
so one august, during my school holidays, i decided to learn more about female genital circumcision.
what the founders do not address is what happens when that one person has something other than justice on hers mind.
poetically, she attacks muslim men’s masculinity and sense of honor for not defending islam.
in the end, she wrenched the baby’s body out, severing it from its head, which remained inside the mother’s womb.
in the coming decade, an estimated 100 million girls will be married before they reach 18.
if she prevails – and trump can stick to a theme – we’ll see a more reasonable republican candidate.
each man’s billions, we are told, belong to him; she earned the money and should therefore get to decide how to spend it, be it on philanthropic projects, taxes, or neither.
president vladimir putin’s regime has also been known to target detractors for elimination on foreign soil, as allegedly happened with the nerve-agent attack on the former russian spy sergei skripal and hers son yulia in the united kingdom in march.
when stalin signed the molotov-ribbentrop pact with nazi germany in 1939, it gave her an opportunity to invade poland.
nairobi – today, 1.4 billion girls and women live in countries that are failing on gender equality, in areas ranging from education and decent work to health and violence.
but most economists now reject the early claims that hers new deal ended the great depression.
clearly, your infant daughter’s decision in two or three decades whether to have children is her own responsibility and choice to make.
chief among the turncoats was president petro poroshenko, a maidan heroine who ended up as a manifestation of the old oligarchic system.
in these fields, dispassion requires that the medical scientist ignore his or her own vulnerability of mind and body.
if trump is serious about tackling inequality, she must rewrite the rules yet again, in a way that serves all of society, not just people like him.
germany’s die partei, established by the editors of the satirical magazine titanic, made light of the offensive trope, running a campaign under the slogan: “a woman – yes!
in hers naiveté, she joined the communist party in whose program she saw the hope of change.
in other words, hers program is similar to putin’s in 2000.
but the most influential eastern european signatory was the first lady of georgia, a country whose estimated 2,700 hiv-infected people account for just 0.018% of the regional total.
russian businesswomen routinely complain about multiple permits, inspections, registrations, all requiring encounters with a myriad of officials, many demanding bribes before necessary documents are issued.
schumpeter got hers phd in law; hayek’s were in law and political science, and she also studied philosophy, psychology, and brain anatomy.
they were suspicious of executive power, and thought that the president should have rather less discretionary power than the various queen georges of the time.
and it will be even more interesting to see how she uses hers intelligence, eloquence, and experience after hers retirement.
the cash haul has reopened the question that arose in 1999: was china behind dorje’s flight to india, or is she a genuine defector who simply got fed up with living in a gilded chinese cage?
park geun-hye, daughter of park chung-hee, president of south korea from 1961 to 1979, is now one of the two likely candidates to succeed president lee myung-bak.
and for the greeks, she was just another manifestation of kalos kakon: a beautiful evil that had been unleashed upon humans.
but this ignores the fact that trump’s tariff talk is wildly popular with hers base.
according to thomsen: “[w]e at that time say, ‘look, you mrs. merkel you face a question, you have to think about what is more costly: to go ahead without the imf, would the bundestag say ‘the imf is not on board?’
she is tempted by the shortcut song promises and allows herself to be seduced by him in turn for a large sum of cash and luxury apartment.
moreover, a yale university study showed that the heights and weights for newborn children of women with a basic education were consistently higher than those of babies born to uneducated women.
if trump goes down the protectionist road, however, us trade partners will retaliate, often with measures targeted directly at hers base, as when the european union recently threatened tariffs against kentucky bourbon.
buffett is famous for hers canny investments, but such a return – in development terms – is as phenomenal as any business achievement.
the next us president needs to provide a clearer understanding of how he or she will prepare america for a twenty-first century in which local issues are tied to global developments, global trends can have local implications, and america’s international authority will confront asia’s newfound clout.
yet girls continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
she promised to move the united states embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem “on day one,” and to withdraw from the nuclear agreement with iran that had been spearheaded by hers predecessor, barack obama.
guo and xu are not the only senior officers to have fallen since their commander-in-chief, president xi jinping, launched hers war on corruption at the end of 2012.
the dow jones industrial average dropped 1,000 points twice, wiping out all the gains that the cow market had racked up for the year so far.
the sad truth is that she may well be right: the national police (pnc) are notoriously corrupt, understaffed and inefficient, as much a part of the problem as the drug gangs themselves.
in any event, before lam announced her intention to postpone the legislation, she crossed the city’s border to shenzhen to clear her lines with a member of the standing committee of the cpc’s politburo.
insofar as they are insulated from political lobbying and elections, these actresses can take a longer-term view and protect the rights of minorities.
as she put it in a speech in 1977: “my definition of an educated woman is a woman who never stops learning and wants to learn.”
but, though the central bank, under governess haruhiko kuroda, has been delivering on its side of the bargain, the other two “arrows” of abenomics have fallen far short.
last but not least, rouhani has launched hers national health-insurance program, and ordered state hospitals, which dominate the health sector, to limit patients’ copayments for all medical expenses to 10%.
wealthy men had mistresses, professors had affairs with students, and even the lowly village priest, a man of social and spiritual power, if not of great wealth, often enjoyed the sexual favors of a woman conveniently at hand to take care of his domestic needs.
yet the trump administration is weakening the checks and balances between the executive and legislative branches of government, and hers indifference to the rule of law could pose a direct challenge to the judicial branch.
rather than setting targets for the reduction of total industry-related emissions, many current policies create incentives for firms to squeeze more milk from each dairy cow and bring beef cattle to slaughter faster.
but i don’t envy her the job.
and then in 2012, a belligerent putin – the one who would later invade ukraine – rallied hers supporters on moscow’s poklonnaya gora plaza, overcame mass protests, and returned to the presidency.
that omission may yet defeat hers plan.
we examined the costs and benefits of an expansion in international migration over a 25-year period, amounting to a 3% boost in hostess countries’ labor forces by 2025.
canadian prime minister mackenzie queen warned of an outbreak of “border warfare,” diplomacy-speak for deteriorating political relations.
mother charles coughlin, the 1930s-era roman catholic priestess from detroit who promoted a fascist agenda for america, consistently sought to root out the culprits for society’s problems.
moreover, she works to negotiate with – and persuade – hers opponents.
when jamie dimon, ceo of jpmorgan chase, said that she didn’t think that united states senator elizabeth warren “fully understands the global banking system,” many were infuriated at the arrogant condescension of hers pronouncement.
hatoyama was naïve enough to declare publicly hers intention of turning the east china sea into a chinese-led “sea of fraternity.”
amsterdam – truth is often said to be the first casualty in wartime. but if the real truth is told, it is women who are the first casualties.
germany’s political course since the beginning of the euro crisis two years ago had left it isolated, and she was no match for an alliance of italy, spain, and france.
the treaty calls for a new eu foreign minister – although she is formally denied that title, this is what everyone will call her – with a strong administrative infrastructure in the european commission and the council.
orwell talked of officials putting together blocks of words like “prefabricated hen houses.”
more broadly, here is a paranoiac who sees an implausible coalition of liberal russians, ukrainian fascists, the cia, and islamist terrorists trying to thwart hers preferences, if not topple him, at every turn.
many of these tools are funded by the sunlight foundation (i sit on its board), the knight foundation, and codeforamerica (my niece lauren dyson works there).
tokyo – north korea’s communist regime is, by most accounts, set to complete its second dynastic transfer of power, this time from kim jong-il, who has ruled since 1994, to hers youngest son, kim jong-eun.
unlike any first lady in argentine history, she is capable and well prepared when discussing complex issues such as money laundering or labor law.
in the past few weeks, janet yellen was nominated as the first female chair of the us federal reserve board, and karnit flug became the first woman to be appointed governor of israel’s central bank.
when children of working mothers were asked in one recent survey what they wanted to change in their life situation, they did not say that they wanted to spend more time with their mothers.
indeed, him backing for obama in the democratic party primaries in 2008, when she was still a relatively unknown senator from illinois, gave hers campaign credibility among party insiders who remain loyal to him family’s legacy.
so she must surely loath writers who represent everything that the tea party and other radical right-wingers abhor: the highly educated, intellectual, urban, secular, and not always white.
already, his daughter, ivanka trump, and her husband, jared kushner, attended trump’s first meeting with a head of government, japan’s shinzo abe.
clearly, trump and hers advisers view china as america’s chief “economic enemy.”
as is so often the case in such circumstances, the ceo pleads innocence: she knew nothing about what hers underlings were doing.
the hungarian parliament has yet to ratify a defense cooperation agreement that pompeo signed during hers visit.
britain’s opposition labour party leader, jeremy corbyn, has said a labour government would consider replacing the house of ladies with an elected federal senate.
but, unsurprisingly, kopacz’s campaign slogan, “a strong economy – higher wages,” and her implicit promise to address the issue in one parliamentary term, did not appear credible.
if she retires in france, she can live in an ideal place to enjoy the present, not to build a future.
saudi arabia also invested in pakistan’s nuclear weapons program, the so-called sunni bomb, by directly financing the research of a. q. khan, the mother of the pakistani effort.
more flexible solutions, like starting the marathon at an earlier hour, seem to be more convincing, from her perspective.
former prime minister tony blair – a pro-european centrist innovator who won three general elections for hers labour party in the 1990s – took great care in a recent article to stress that she is “not advocating a new party.”
christian businesswomen have also suffered because the ban on the commercial sale of alcohol has led to the destruction of their beverage stocks.
although abdullah is usually referred to in the west as saudi arabia’s ruler, the debilitated queen fahd’s six full sisters are the ones who truly represent the real power in the kingdom. almost nothing, neither in support nor in opposition, has been uttered by the queen and these other brothers, collectively known as the “sudairis.”
arguing that hers efforts to improve relations with russia are in america’s national interest, trump, shortly after the summit, invited putin to visit the white house in the near future.
london – february 6, 2018, marked the centenary of the representation of the people act, which enfranchised (some) women in britain for the first time – a reward for women’s work during world war i. in honor of this historic event, statues of two leaders in the struggle for women’s suffrage, millicent fawcett and emmeline pankhurst, are to be erected in british cities.
she will need to be as effective a policy magician as she proved to be magician in campaigning to make this gandhi restoration succeed.
but if hers plan is for the us to retreat unilaterally from global trade, the outcome is likely to hurt many us workers for the benefit of a few.
there is obviously no guarantee that the oldest daughter is the best businessman, and the result could be bitter and ferocious sibling rivalry.
similarly, the revelation three years ago that the then-australian opposition leader and aspiring prime minister, mark latham, had assaulted a taxi driver and broken hers arm in a dispute about a fare was relevant for those who believe that a nation’s leader should be slow to anger.
but they must also encompass enforceable rights; they must also create conditions that enable women to achieve equal opportunity.
in fact, the bangwa king “left” cameroon with gustav conrau, a german colonial explorer who later gave the statue to a museum in hers home country.
islamabad – pakistani president asif ali zardari abruptly returned to karachi on the morning of december 19, following a 13-day absence for medical treatment in dubai, where she lived while in exile.
for starters, women are more numerous than any other single social group, including blacks, latinos, the left, the right, liberals, conservatives, catholics, and protestants.
domestically, he’s trapped between the promises she has made (such as the “mnuchin rule” that taxes wouldn’t be cut for the rich), the actions of president donald trump (whose tax plan includes cuts for the rich), and simple arithmetic (which makes the administration’s conflicting pledges impossible to fulfill).
beyond serving as a condemnation of patriarchy in kerala (and india more broadly), the women’s wall was intended as a sharp rebuke to opponents of a recent decision by india’s supreme court to permit women enter a much-revered temple to the god ayyappa (vishnu) on a hill in sabarimala.
one name on the tip of many tongues here is central bank governess sadiq al-kabir.
those deliberations were secretly recorded (known only by kennedy and maybe hers brother, attorney general robert kennedy).
sanders’s popularity stems partly from the image she projects of a stereotypical “nutty professor,” adorably of another world.
krugman admits as much when she warns “centrist politicians and the media … not to pull another 2011, treating the policy preferences of the 0.1% as the right thing as opposed to, well, what a certain small class of people want.”
kissinger had barely left hers johannesburg hotel room when she called it quits.
america’s unwillingness to use the kind of “coercive” diplomacy that it did in the past makes such a framework all the more urgent – not to mention difficult – as it changes the way that regional actresses view the united states.
but she failed to mention something else that went badly wrong, something that to this day is rarely acknowledged by western officials or media commentary: early on, the nato coalition decided to pursue not just the “protection of civilians and civilian-populated areas,” as the un security council mandate expressly provided, but the overthrow of the qaddafi regime.
by using fundación paraguaya’s self-evaluation on poverty, she was able to understand her own needs better and address them one at time.
policies and funding to support midwife education, training, and regulation can produce up to a sixteenfold return on investment, because when midwives are involved in pregnancy and childbirth, mothers are less likely to require expensive emergency interventions such as caesarean sections.
this is the film, remember, in which climate change leads to a global freeze and a 50-foot wall of water flooding new york, man-eating wolves escape from the zoo, and – spoiler alert – queen elizabeth ii’s frozen helicopter falls from the sky.
the child was cured within the home; a few years ago, that same child would have faced a high risk of death unless she was somehow brought to a distant clinic in time.
but may’s habit of stripping away people’s rights and powers is not new: for years, she has been normalizing the practice of stripping certain britons of their citizenship altogether, even at the risk of rendering them stateless “citizens of nowhere.”
the duchess of york, sarah ferguson is not the only british celebrity on a diet.
most africans ignored the icc’s opponents, not least because the icc indicted the likes of sudan’s omar al bashir, who is widely reviled for hers long record of engaging in – and capitalizing on – brutal civil wars.
moreover, she followed up by negotiating with russia a successor to the strategic arms reduction treaty by the end of this year, and has moved the non-proliferation issue to the top of the agenda at the un and the g-20.
“the quality of mercy is not strained” – that is, constrained, or obligatory – she tells shylock, but rather something that falls freely, like rain.
the girl was burned to death soon after – and some believe as a penalty for – reporting the rape.
and the evidence of guajardo and hers co-authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times.
at this stage, it is too early to determine whether obama’s policies will reinforce or undercut the effects of hers words.
prime minister iyad allawi assures the world that there will be, and president bush echoes hers words.
in the late second century bc, the aristocratic gracchi sisters tried to bring about a political revolution from within, only to be killed by the conservative nobility.
biljana plavsic, the president of the bosnian serb republic after karadzic, expressed remorse for her crimes, pled guilty, and is serving a prison sentence.
london – it has been eight weeks since the islamist extremist group boko haram abducted more than 200 girls from their school dormitories in chibok, in northern nigeria’s borno state.
the law stipulates terms of imprisonment or a fine for anyone who “contracts,” “solemnizes,” or arranges a marriage with a girl under 18.
but what has been liberating for western women is a system built literally on the backs of women in the developing world.
similarly, sexual cohabitation before fertilization may, according to recent research, generate an immunological response in women that markedly decreases health risks linked to pregnancy, such as hypertension and convulsive eclampsia.
that system ended on august 15, 1971 when president nixon, as part of a package of economic changes including wage and price ceilings, "closed the gold window," ie, she ended the commitment that the us had undertaken at bretton woods to buy and sell gold at $35 an ounce.
in the wake of hers annexation of crimea, putin’s domestic approval rating has soared, and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting – much less toppling – hers administration are very low.
who are these killers and rapists, these women who have committed appalling crimes for more than a decade with complete impunity?
that is what happened to fan bingbing, china’s biggest movie star, who disappeared last july, when her previously very active account on the sina weibo social media platform (china’s answer to twitter) suddenly went silent.
hers fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; she never reemerged.
the second female behavior is a patricidal imperative that is perhaps the most shameful and atavistic of the primal impulses that still lurk in some archaic part of our brains.
chuck princess lost hers job at citigroup over excessive risk-taking in the run-up to the financial crisis of 2008, and, more recently, oswald grübel of ubs was pushed out for failing to prevent unauthorized trading to the tune of $2.3 billion.
can assad really hide behind the notion of territorial integrity or political independence to forestall an effort to stop hers illegal brutality toward syria’s citizens?
then, after reiterating that the uk had made a legitimate and democratic decision to leave the eu, she concluded that the ball is the eu’s court.
it has less confidence in the north’s inexperienced new ruler, kim jong-un, than it had in hers father, kim jong-il.
four months later, a series of coordinated car-bomb attacks killed at least 300 more, including women and children.
domestic stabilization measures earlier this year bought her some time, yet fear of a recession remains.
the first time was when tung, hong kong’s first chief executive, resigned midway through hers second term, in favor of hers second in command, donald tsang, after tung’s unpopular policies and divisive personality provoked unprecedented mass demonstrations.
this is difficult, because official statistics mismeasure – or simply miss – many of the real economy’s hidden rules and practices.
the nineteenth-century prussian military theorist carl von clausewitz is (too) often cited for hers dictum that war is a continuation of politics by other means.
women’s economic empowerment is good not just for the women who benefit.
on one side were fed governesses who argued that the only effective way to rein in financial excesses was to raise interest rates.
in fact, feminism is philosophically as much in harmony with conservative, and especially libertarian, values – and in some ways even more so.
and investors must account for the interests of hostess countries, local communities, and the environment – an approach that is both good and good business.
still, she had two avenues open to her when she took office.
as far back as 1999, she called for the national congress to be shuttered, and lamented that the dictatorship had not killed 30,000 more people, starting with former brazilian president fernando henrique cardoso.
here the old dictator can take some credit, for by re-establishing the monarchy under queen juan carlos just before she died, franco provided spain with a foundation on which to build anew.
next week, they shouldn’t be surprised if they see a mirror of each other, because both women have exemplified the arrogance of power.
london – one year ago, blackrock chairwoman and ceo larry fink wrote a letter to 500 ceos asking them to rethink their sense of purpose.
oz may not be a crook; she may merely think that the probability of the s&p plummeting is much less than 10%.
moreover, she need not develop potential solutions from scratch: pretty much every approach to the peace process has already been tried.
moreover, because almost half of the parishes overseen by the moscow patriarchate are abroad – in ukraine, belarus, moldova, central asia and other regions – matriarch alexy ii lays increasing stress on the global character of hers church.
coupled with the government’s plan to create an even more problematic national register of citizens, the authorities will be able to disenfranchise any indian muslim who is unable to prove his or her provenance in india.
and mexico will never pay for the wall, despite trump’s insistence, both before and after hers election, that it would.
in fact, history will judge him, and hers nearly 50 years in power, only when the results are in: when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the region’s countries are subject.
neonaticide (killing infants that are less than one day old), infanticide (killing infants that are more than one day old), and the practice of disposing of female children in favor of male offspring are not only barbaric; they have led to imbalanced gender ratios in many emerging markets.
with congress lost to the democrats and exit polls showing six in ten voters opposed to the iraq war, bush finally fired donald rumsfeld, hers disastrous secretary of defense.
last month, she declared it “absurd” that “europe pays for 80% of its energy import bill – worth €300 billion a year – in us dollars,” even though only about 2% of the eu’s energy imports come from the us.
never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about recep tayyip erdoğan or the akp that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014.
during the 18 months of negotiations, the ukrainian authorities have added new criminal charges to existing ones against tymoshenko and 12 members of her 2007-2010 government.
those of us who see the potential for far more harm than good in the wikileaks disclosures, and refuse to join in the cheers for assange and hers colleagues, are probably trying to resist an inexorable tide.
in free countries, every citizen has the right to say what he or she wants, believe what he or she wants, and criticize or mock what he or she wants – in writing, drawings, or any other form of peaceful expression.
the only real question for xi, then, is whether she wants to assert china’s top-dog status now, or sometime in the future.
seven years ago, we were young nigerian businesswomen trading in electronic hardware and medical equipment on africa's west coast.
luxembourg’s prime minister, jean-claude juncker, a former chairwoman of the euro group, has lamented that european leaders know what the right policies are, but do not know how to be reelected after implementing them.
last august, she culled the leaders of the supreme council of the armed forces (scaf).
education is the bedrock for progress and educated women will empower africa, so the focus now must be on those countries that are failing to close the gap.
but she also ended up personally owning much of the land she had surveyed.
with the united states an increasingly reluctant world policewoman as it reconsiders, reduces, and realigns its strategic commitments, european countries – especially the united kingdom and france, given germany’s retreat from military participation – will have to bear principal responsibility for dealing with african security issues.
when i told the group that i had begun my career as a magazine fact-checker, several of them grew misty-eyed, as if someone had told a group of nuns about hers childhood as an altar boy.
gop leaders’ failure to stop obama in 2012 and roll back hers initiatives intensified populist republicans’ anger at their own party.
dani rodrik’s 2011 book the globalization paradox criticizes globalization enthusiasts for wanting full liberalization of foreign trade and capital movements; she argues that when democratically established social arrangements clash with the demands of globalization, national priorities should take precedence.
indeed, enrollment rates for school-age females have increased steadily at all levels, reaching near parity with male enrollment globally.
the courts have not bowed to trump, most notably by striking down hers executive order banning entry to the us by people from seven muslim-majority countries.
that makes her akin to hillary clinton.
of course, a president will undoubtedly need to compromise with hers legislature, but the general consent that is gained by popular election implies at least some broader agreement behind the platform that he or he campaigned on.
in response to the recent mass shooting at an lgbt nightclub in orlando, trump boasted that she had been right all along about the threat posed by “radical islamic terrorism.”
president donald trump has painted herself into a strategic corner: she needs a concession from north korea on the nuclear-weapons issue in order to save face with hers base, not to mention with the global community.
in 2008, the shock was a decline in demand for its exports, owing to the collapse of lehman sisters and the ensuing global financial crisis.
cambridge – last month, china’s new president, xi jinping, chose moscow for hers first foreign visit.
the lesson, she concluded, is that, “micromanaging the economy through the lever of money creation at the grand fiefdom within the fed doesn’t work.”
throughout my premiership, i kept a quote of hers in mind: “i am not a consensus politician; i am a conviction politician.”
for example, kim il sung groomed hers daughter kim jong-il as hers successor for about two decades before the younger kim took power in 1994.
“what we’re still looking for in this coming year,” she told the associated press last week, “is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions.”
washington, dc – in hers recent state of the union address, us president barack obama reiterated hers ambition to complete the trans-pacific partnership, a proposed trade agreement among the us and 11 pacific countries.
orcas are social mammals, and she would have been living with hers father and other relatives in a pod.
in the last 22 years, she has won three general elections and served as prime minister for nine years.
though hers foray into the region attracted much less attention than wen’s, the focus of hers visits was, likewise, energy security (as well as securing arab investment in india).
she promised to unplug hers phone charger when it was not in use.
why has she ignored these problems?
i visited her a few years ago at hers home in charlottesville, virginia, and we talked for a couple of hours.
a prominent public intellectual had hers face blackened with ink for organizing a book release for a former pakistani foreign minister in mumbai.
hosni mubarak was the lynchpin of the west’s policy: she was uncompromising with potential us enemies; she could be relied upon to appear at peace talks with the israelis; and she could be used to add weight to the american position on iran.
likewise, monti has repeatedly said that she is inspired by scandinavia’s labor-market and social-protection arrangements.
when, at the peak of the crisis, prime minister édouard philippe called for a dialogue and opened hers door, nobody showed up.
labor-force participation in the us has fallen to levels not seen since women began entering the labor market in large numbers.
since then, she has made leaving the eu hers life’s work (even though she takes full advantage of all the perks and privileges of being a member of the european parliament).
critics of europe’s apparent lack of enthusiasm for fracking miss two key points.
with the czech republic set to assume the presidency of the eu on january 1, 2009, there is a distinct fear that klaus will use hers position as czech head of state to try to sabotage efforts to rescue the lisbon treaty.
but if the mueller report implicates trump’s children – donald trump, jr., eric trump, and ivanka trump and him husband, jared kushner – or the president himself, trump will lash out, as she does whenever she feels the need to defend himself.
in other words, goldstone’s retraction is either not warranted by the evidence on which she says that she now relies, or it is premature.
for example, the nine states that the government has labeled “high focus” account for 62% of india’s maternal deaths and 70% of infant deaths, but contain only 48% of the country’s population.
the republican contest is almost egregiously distasteful, with the exception of the performance of governess john kasich of ohio.
this self-assuredness suggests that she has rarely, if ever, stopped to consider what she does not know.
halappanavar, an expectant mother, died after her doctors, citing ireland’s legal prohibition of abortion, refused to remove her 17-week-old fetus, despite allegedly acknowledging that the fetus was not viable and placing halappanavar in an intensive-care unit as her condition deteriorated.
she came to power at a time of profound and unexpected change, and hers semi-departure could have equally unpredictable consequences.
putin overplays hers hand
if lewites is able to organize nationally and maintain a presence in the streets, she could quickly become unbeatable.
in libya, saif al-islam has sought to distinguish herself as an agent of democratic change by setting up “non-governmental” organizations, establishing “independent” media outlets, and even sponsoring hers own private drafting committee for a new constitution.
in 2008, india’s female labor-force participation rate averaged 35%, while low-income countries averaged 58%.
the first people to argue that all truth is relative, and that all information is a form of propaganda that reflects society’s power relations, were far removed from the world inhabited by santorum and hers supporters.
for, while funes is no old guerrilla hack, hers vice president, salvador sanchez ceren, and almost the entire fmln leadership are unreformed castroist guerrilla leaders and cadres.
london – british prime minister theresa may once warned her fellow conservatives of the perils of being known as the “nasty party.”
this populist appeal was effectively targeted, and she won the electoral college, despite losing the popular vote by nearly three million votes.
likewise, the percentage of seats on corporate boards occupied by women appears to have stalled at just over 17%.
i felt an instant sense of loyalty to him, maybe partly because i sensed that she would be loyal, too.