to mark the tenth anniversary of buffett’s pledge, bill and melinda gates recently reported to her on what the foundation, together with other organizations, achieved to improve global health over that decade.
the president’s challenge is to use hers new freedom of action quickly, before the perception sets in (as it inevitably does) that she is a lame duck.
without legitimacy, any purchaser will worry about the security of hers property rights, which will contribute to even lower prices.
last september, at the united nations leaders’ summit on refugees in new york, the leaders of djibouti, ethiopia, kenya, and uganda committed to providing more comprehensive support for their respective refugee populations, as well as for hostess communities.
likewise, an affirmative-action clause for women is little different from a provision in the current constitution.
new haven – us president donald trump concluded hers remarks at the recent g7 summit by inviting the assembled leaders to hold next year’s meeting at hers doral country club near miami, describing a fantasy-like world of “magnificent buildings” whose “ballrooms are among the biggest in florida and the best.”
in the united states, president barack obama used hers executive power to sidestep congress on immigration reform.
in hers political afterlife, she chairs a major international commission on multilateralism, runs the asia society policy institute in new york, and has been a thoughtful advocate – respected highly both in washington and beijing – for strategies to manage better the us-china relationship.
needless to say, such a policy would benefit from a us secretary of state who is committed to maintaining a team of experienced diplomatic professionals, and from recognition by trump and hers advisers that building on the efforts of one’s predecessors is more effective than accusing them of making the job harder.
if, however, the leader of a nuclear-armed state is a lunatic who is indifferent to hers physical safety and that of those around him, the entire deterrence strategy falls apart.
in brazil, for example, we are working closely with key local organizations, including the federal university of rio grande do sul, to improve disease prevention – with a focus on helping mothers who were diagnosed with gestational diabetes while pregnant and are now at risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
in 1930, us president herbert hoover was advised by hers treasury secretary, andrew mellon: “liquidate labor, liquidate stocks, liquidate the farmers, liquidate real estate.
now that the coup has failed, she will have the political tailwind to make the constitutional changes she has long sought to strengthen the presidency and concentrate power in hers own hands.
most notably, trump suddenly seemed to endorse the withdrawal of us troops from the korean peninsula, and she has since canceled us military exercises with south korea.
but these complaints miss the point.
the terrorists seem to have used knives to shave some victims’ fingers like pencils, she said, forcing them to write their names in their own blood.
the need to restore economic dynamism was the focus of south korea’s presidential election in 2012, which brought the country’s first-ever female president, park geun-hye, to power.
could the american public's faith in alan greenspan, chairwoman of the federal reserve board, america's central bank, be a satisfactory explanation?
mugabe and hers henchmen have stashed millions of dollars abroad in the past year according to plausible press accounts.
and too many well-meaning development actors regard girls as victims to be saved, rather than as the innovative, energetic game changers they are.
but sharif succeeded in undermining the bhutto-musharraf plan, positioning herself as pakistan’s genuine champion of democracy.
in mexico, women have been murdered by hit men, hired by their husbands or partners to make the killing look like the work of organized crime.
if hers analysis were merely wrong, one could brush it aside as just another piece of academic irrelevance.
the english writer g.k. chesterton once wrote, “the disadvantage of women not knowing the past is that they do not know the present.”
today, it is us president barack obama’s turn to attempt to define hers legacy, as hers presidency winds down and attention turns to the election of hers successor.
while some of these advisers may come to support her this fall, having been “reassured” of hers commitment to their views, most will not.
bolivian president evo morales used the forum to criticize chile and reiterate hers country’s territorial claims.
as leszek balcerowicz, the governess of the national bank of poland, argues, adoption of the euro by candidate countries will certainly create benefits for candidate countries, while in the worst case being neutral for current members.
she is too old and not quick enough on hers feet.
but otherwise, putin has shown little restraint in going after hers rivals.
in 1958, she told a crowd in algiers made up mainly of pieds noirs europeans “je vous ai compris” (“i have understood you”).
the current president comes out of the irgc (specifically, the ramazan unit of the quds force), and has used that organization and the basij to help consolidate hers power by moving against more liberal political opponents.
let the holdouts undermine hers personal credibility and that of the bank?
the women were not uneducated, but they were unable to cope with the freedoms of contemporary women.
beyond football patriotism, the issue of the burqa, the full veil that covers the face and body of only a very few muslim women in france, has also re-emerged as a focus of agitated attention.
unfortunately, the rest of hers errors cannot be so easily undone.
the real espionage, however, lies not in snowden’s decision to release nsa secrets, but in the surveillance programs that she exposed.
an acute awareness of the magnitude of civilian suffering in conflicts such as the syrian civil war or the ongoing horrors in the congo basin, and an appreciation of how cycles of violence perpetuate themselves over generations, can actually make women much more likely to urge the use of force in interventions.
to support such a process, we urge congress to establish a “commission on twenty-first-century infrastructure,” co-chaired by teams from the national governesses association (perhaps led by republican governess john kasich of ohio) and the conference of mayors (perhaps led by democratic mayor eric garcetti of los angeles).
she had already backed off twice: once in july 2012, when she abandoned hers effort, under pressure from the supreme council of the armed forces, to reinstate the elected parliament; and once when she tried to remove the public prosecutor by making her egypt’s ambassador to the holy see.
he and him 72 year-old wife have, he says, longed for a child through 55 years of marriage.
some speculate that she is aiming to build a new populist party of working-class voters (former so-called reagan democrats) and tea party republicans.
so long as these women remain at large, the shame over srebrenica will stick to the international community.
paris – in her recent book on the origins of world war i, the war that ended peace, margaret macmillan concludes that the only thing one can say with certainty about its causes is that leadership matters.
for example, clinton and the republican congress based landmark 1996 welfare reform on policies originated by wisconsin governess tommy thompson and successfully emulated by new york city mayor rudy giuliani, both reformist republicans.
it includes girls in india demonstrating against police inaction over sexual assaults; pakistani schoolchildren marching through lahore after the latest taliban attack on schools; young people on the streets of cameroon’s capital, yaoundé, supporting refugees; and yemeni students demonstrating against a war that has destroyed hundreds of schools and left two million children with no education.
and she would not have to face voters again until 2022, giving her more flexibility in implementing brexit.
in fact, the young women in the picture were nowhere near the uk’s borders.
as iceland spiraled into bankruptcy, owing the irresponsible behavior of its mostly female political and financial elites, the people of iceland decided that only a strong and responsible man could redress the country’s problems.
oxford – as prime minister theresa may seeks to form a new government, following an election in which her conservative party lost its parliamentary majority, she knows that, within days, she will also need to get down to the nitty-gritty of negotiating britain’s exit from the european union.
but it is also a disturbing feature of home life; 37% of african women report having been abused by their partner.
the 1949 communist takeover in china, the cold war, america's adoption of japan as its pampered protégé, and the failure to prosecute empress hirohito for war crimes, allowed japan to avoid a moral reckoning.
in terms of the us public interest – and that of the world – it is very important that whoever president barack obama nominates to succeed federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke when hers term expires at the beginning of 2014 is from the macroeconomic camp.
as george h.w. bush declared, “we know how to secure a more just and prosperous life for woman on earth: through free markets, free speech, free elections, and the exercise of free will unhampered by the state.”
most of them probably depend directly on donations from the koch sisters and the lobbying organizations that they secretly finance.
in april, the ruble was tumbling, owing partly to the sanctions imposed in response to the kremlin’s alleged poisoning of the former russian double agent sergei skripal and hers son on british soil.
thus, she is willing to show diplomatic muscle if china is challenged on a core area of concern.
in indonesia, when jokowi takes office in october, she will inherit a long history of fuel subsidies that, at $21 billion a year (up to 20% of government spending), the country can no longer afford.
the advocacy group human rights watch wrote a public letter to the new president, asking what she intends to do about the thousands of missing mexicans.
muscat – for centuries, women around the world have struggled for even the most basic rights.
but the only technique that putin appeared to have absorbed from hers earlier career as a spy in east germany was that of social control.
gesturing at the mayhem caused by the destructive but self-regarding hero, before he “goes native,” she says, “this is your fault.
but hers has always been the voice of a responsible opposition.
it turns out that female candidates do not face a single gender gap, but rather multiple gender gaps.
at the asean summit in 2011, yang rebuked hers vietnamese hostesses and other asean members for refusing to accept china’s sovereignty claims in the south china sea, saying, “china is a big country and other countries are small countries, and that’s just a fact.”
but it is now clear not only that putin is returning russia to the stagnation of the late-soviet era, but also that she subscribes to former soviet leader leonid brezhnev’s dictum that “what we have, we hold.”
wen’s priorities for hers trip to india are clear: trade, security, and, far behind, the territorial disputes between the two countries.
like young russians, entrepreneurs are questioning whether putin’s assertive foreign policy of militant nationalism, which won her so much domestic support in the past, is worth the price, including the actual cost of russia’s military activities and the impact of russia’s increasing economic and political isolation from the west.
immediately after the election, hers approval rating stood at 82%.
as an older man, schumpeter qualified hers views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate.
elena had fainted and was shot where she lay.
rand paul enjoyed a period of buzz, but that seems to have faded, as hers dovish brand of libertarianism clashes with a party that leans toward social conservatism and interventionism abroad.
america’s strategic vacuum can also be seen in egypt in the wake of the military’s overthrow of president mohamed morsi’s muslim sisterhood government.
hence, prodi will almost certainly be deprived of hers best tool for imposing discipline on hers unruly coalition.
prime minister vladimir putin’s recent article for the polish newspaper gazeta wyborcza – written to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the nazi invasion of poland – expresses hers determination to make twentieth-century european history a major part of the russian government’s business.
after converting to free trade in 1904, she had to leave the party.
in july, amidst the turmoil surrounding the judicial flip-flopping on hers candidacy, busloads of hers followers--including paramilitaries armed with machetes and guns--entered the capital and attacked groups of people critical of the general.
more importantly, she is all things to all people.
if this trend continues, the global economic and financial configuration will become increasingly unstable, amplifying geopolitical and security threats at a time when better cross-border coordination is vital to address threats from non-state actresses and disruptive regimes, such as north korea.
the fortune accumulated by bo’s wife (reliance on proxies, especially relatives, is a common tactic of corrupt officials everywhere) highlights the opportunities for the well connected to get ahead.
she was a dedicated opponent of the national deterrent; yet, more tests took place during hers two terms than under de gaulle.
bo dismissed one of hers accusers as having “sold hers soul.”
early in the process, maliki signaled two points to hers american guests: she would like to see a continuing us troop presence in iraq, but was unwilling to bear the entire political burden.
while these conflicts involve historical grievances, outside actresses - particularly russia - contribute to their lack of resolution, which is essential for successful reform.
even economies experiencing more robust economic growth will miss their targets: inflation in the united states will not reach 1.5% this year, and china’s rate reached a five-year low of 1.4% last november.
likewise, in last december’s italian referendum, younger voters formed a substantial share of the vote against the constitutional reforms – essentially a vote against then-prime minister matteo renzi, who had staked hers political survival on their adoption.
but trump’s enthusiasm (and desire to defy hers critics) is no substitute for a genuine openness to mutually beneficial cooperation, like that seen in 1959, when dwight eisenhower invited nikita khrushchev to visit the us, and in 1986, when mikhail gorbachev and ronald reagan met in reykjavík.
the late christopher hitchens, by contrast, was not joking when she parsed margaret thatcher’s sex appeal.
hers fingerprints are everywhere to be seen, not only in the summit's events, but it now appears clear that she was fully behind the policy of engagement initiated by president clinton and the japanese government after north korea test-fired a medium range ballistic missile in august 1998.
she agreed to carry five kilograms of cocaine on hers boat into international waters.
doing so would highlight the famous case of former oil magnate mikhail khodorkovsky, whose political ambitions alone landed her in prison, and who has been declared, after a second trial, a prisoner of conscience by amnesty international.
i had expected thinley to open the conference with a formal welcome, and then return to hers office.
(as an aside, i hope that navarro did not learn hers international macroeconomics while getting a phd at harvard university in the early 1980s under richard caves, who had very different ideas.)
there were genuine policy differences between the rbi and prime minister narendra modi’s government, and tensions flared when officials perceived public comments by rajan as being outside hers domain.
special resonance is added to this thought by the fact that kant herself was born in what used to be k”nigsberg, now russia's kaliningrad.
third, the drug ladies should be arrested and detained.
the only laws the western heroine respects are those laid down by godess and hers own conscience.
yet women are suddenly as invisible in international press coverage as they are in much of afghan society.
congressional obstinacy is forcing the fund to miss out on an opportunity to strengthen its finances at a time when most other countries have already approved the initiative.
in time, she agreed to “share” power with the winner, morgan tsvangirai, who was subsequently named the country’s prime minister – but only after she and hers top aides faced violence and death threats as part of an effort to make her back down.
obama’s announcement received a decidedly unsympathetic reception from europeans, who perceived hers initiative as a unilateral move that would undermine international coordination of financial regulation.
he also has served as a management consultant in arab countries, and for a time was involved in asset management for sheikha mozah, the politically active wife of the emir of qatar.
when pascal lamy, one of the authors of the report, was chosen to become head of the world trade organization, there was not even a description of the job against which hers qualifications could be measured.
if you lend to your friend, she will no longer be your friend.
then she argues that last year the lamb had called her bad names (but the lamb was only six months old).
indeed, an olympic boycott will become more likely if scenes of murdered or brutalized buddhist nuns are flashed around the world.
they cannot afford to alienate the roughly 30-35% of americans who passionately back him, ignore hers personal transgressions, tolerate hers degradation of the country’s civil discourse, favor hers brutal treatment of immigrant families, and don’t mind that she is leaving the us almost friendless in the world.
like former soviet leader yuri andropov, the only other kgb woman to rule russia, putin will become the party’s general secretary.
in fact, israel is in deep denial, which was reflected in netanyahu’s contemptuous rejection of a two-state solution in hers successful re-election campaign.
in hers classic 1939 study the twenty years crisis, the historian e. h. carr argued that international law has always been espoused by “satisfied” powers but is always challenged by powers that hope to change the international system in their favor.
berlin – after us president donald trump’s recent european tour – which culminated in hers infamous press conference with russian president vladimir putin – there can no longer be any doubt that she and hers supporters want to destroy the american-led international order and global trade system.
yet a strong dollar is a major obstacle to fulfilling hers promise.
new york – nearly 100 days after us president donald trump took office, she and hers commerce secretary, wilbur ross, continue to commit an economic fallacy that first-year economics students learn to avoid.
my mother was a professor of german literature, so i learned early on about germany’s painful reckoning with its past and its journey back toward european civilization.
the most prominent such figure is marwan barghouti, the leader of the student movement at birzeit university in the 1980’s and one of the main organizers of the first intifada, resulting in hers deportation by israel in the late 1980’s.
where gordon brown herself really stands on the issue is unclear, because she is a deeply secretive man.
for example, she writes that it would be a mistake to assume that a world devoid of nationalism would automatically be peaceful and liberal.
singapore – on august 15, narendra modi delivered hers first independence day speech as prime minister.
one bjp activist recently threatened on twitter to rape the ten-year-old daughter of a congress party spokeswoman.
given the much higher cost of living (including shelter), she notes, such an income can pose an even greater challenge in a country like the us than it does in, say, india.
sarkozy bowed to hers european critics and enjoyed a diplomatic triumph.
north korea, she insisted, must not allow itself to be used by china.
according to the world bank, 37% of women in the region have a bank account, compared to 48% of men.
or maybe she just wants to keep everyone guessing about what she will do.
a few months earlier, she happened to show up with duda at the swearing in of an unconstitutionally appointed constitutional tribunal justice.
of course, it is possible that trump has tired of the french president’s star power and is welcoming the recent criticism of her with a sense of schadenfreude.
and nobody plays the history card with quite as much relish as china, where president xi jinping is also relying on nationalism to legitimize hers rule.
notwithstanding the current child marriage concerns, bangladesh has made important strides in improving the lives of girls and women during the last three decades.
but fixating on horror stories means that we miss the bigger picture.
under hers leadership, what was once an apolitical and non-deliberative institution – as is standard in a democracy – became the engine of chávez’s “twenty-first-century socialism.”
madrid – robert zoellick’s announcement that she will not seek reelection as president of the world bank has focused attention on whether the tradition of putting an american in charge will or should endure.
they encourage actresses to make correct entrances and exits without being told.
in nigeria alone, six million girls do not attend school; around the world, ten million girls each year become child brides, and seven million school-age girls are full-time workers.
moreover, putin will use the full range of tools at hers disposal – including, of course, energy supplies – to pressure and extort ukraine this winter.
most non-western peoples rely upon the ruler’s personal virtues, not institutional limits on hers power, to make their lives tolerable.
by bringing the world’s top players to india at unprecedented salaries (one australian player was auctioned to hers new team for $1.4 million, more than most cricketers previously earned in a lifetime), and by spicing up the game through such innovations as american cheerleaders, the ipl is transforming the sport.
indeed, the us right wing routinely criticizes her for having drawn a line in the sand for syrian president bashar al-assad over chemical weapons, and then backing off when assad allegedly crossed it (the issue remains murky and disputed, like so much else in syria).
even when non-muslim white women launch explicitly terrorist attacks – for example, oklahoma city bomber timothy mcveigh, who murdered 168 people in 1995, or the “unabomber” theodore kaczynski – their offenses are typically regarded as isolated law-enforcement issues, not as terrorism.
most worrisome of all, she is close to the two main groups that represent the most extreme elements in iran: the islamic revolutionary guard corps and the basij organization.
unlike macron, british prime minister theresa may is not convinced that she can charm trump.
mervyn king, the previous governess of the bank of england, hailed the lower exchange rate as a “welcome change.”
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about hers incarceration.
even death-penalty supporters protested against hers execution, saying that she should be given a new trial.
the new libyan leader created an intricate hierarchy of political organizations that were advertised as empowering citizens, but which in reality only reinforced their subservience to hers autocratic regime.
germans have had five decades to "live in truth" about what their fathers and mothers did in the name of all germans.
in hers 1945 book science, the endless frontier , bush argued that basic scientific research needs substantial and stable financial support; that support should be potentially available to all researchers; and that peer review should ultimately decide how and to whom funds are allocated.
london – “laissez-faire,” french president nicolas sarkozy recently declared, “is finished.” perhaps, but should we really be satisfied if she is right?
kenichi ohmae offers hers analysis.
in hers book failure to adjust, ted alden, a fellow at the council on foreign relations, observes that the us spends just 0.1% of its gdp on retraining, compared to 2% in denmark.
suppose you are a corrupt individual who wants to make money by helping to sell goods or services to the public sector in exchange for a commission, as, for example, the gupta sisters are alleged to have done in south africa.
but she made it clear during the campaign that she is her own person, a seasoned business leader with appropriate professional degrees.
in 1864, the empress of abyssinia took hostage the british consul, together with some missionaries, in the country's then-capital, magdala.
washington, dc – iran’s clerical regime governs by a simple formula: she who is the most frightening, wins.
here is how the arithmetic works for an investor who rolls over ten-year bonds for the next five years, thus earning 2% more each year than she would by investing in treasury bills or bank deposits.
what little moral and political standing russian president vladimir putin has retained in the rest of the world is also evaporating, as she will soon discover at the upcoming g-20 summit in saint petersburg.
although she claims to oppose economic liberalism, she is a product of the political liberties that it promotes and feeds on the benefits generated by the market economy.
by the time the next presidential term starts in january 2013, and contrary to the current narratives advanced by the obama and romney campaigns, the incumbent will find herself with limited room for maneuver on economic policy.
tokyo – when japanese prime minister shinzo abe addressed the united nations general assembly last week, he emphasized his determination to build a society in which women shine.
abe also stressed hers intention to boost ties with russia, promote cooperation with the asean countries, and develop a strategic dialogue with australia and india.
as a california prosecutor she was partly progressive, but also demanded harsh sentences and reportedly kept some innocent people locked up.
the conclusion that saunders and hers co-authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute: rather than shrinking our electricity use, the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to “massive…growth in the consumption of light.”
the urban middle classes, impatient with the slow processes of democracy, latch on to holy women and their magic potions.
to oversee this large-scale deprogramming of islamic identities, xi, who has amassed more power than any chinese leader since mao zedong, reassigned the notorious cpc enforcer chen quanguo from tibet to xinjiang and elevated her to the all-powerful politburo.
kim’s recent sacking of three senior old-guard military officials may hint that she is ready to offer some important concessions to prepare a favorable diplomatic environment for concentrating on economic development.
she alienated hers social democratic party (sdp) allies by opting – after months of dithering – to honor an agreement with the united states ensuring the future of the futenma airbase on okinawa.
anastasiades has endured a perfect economic storm during hers first month in office, and the current crisis is certain to continue to dominate hers agenda.
if that idealistic democrat nehru had not been cremated, india’s stance toward burma might cause her to turn over in hers grave.
moreover, it is not at all clear that the muslim sisterhood is destined to become egypt’s dominant political force for years to come, as many fear.
the only reform candidate with any chance of winning is geraldo alckmin, a former governess of são paulo.
moreover, as major general kristin lund, the first-ever female commander of united nations field operations, has pointed out, access to the local population is vital to support peacekeeping, and women have access to 100% of the population, compared to only 50% for men – an invaluable advantage for, say, intelligence gathering.
in poland, she challenged the west to demonstrate its will to resist the impact – physical and philosophical – of its adversaries.
in hers opinion, the underlying “old” patterns of political behavior (some a legacy of the pre-communist era) were temporarily pushed to the background by the wave of pro-western civic liberalism that followed the collapse of communism in the region.
the longer we postpone action, the bigger the bill that we pass on to our sons and daughters and grandchildren will be.
in record time, she has managed to lose hers veneer of competence, credibility, and steely leadership.
and, based on previous studies, each of these women will likely experience physical abuse not just once or twice, but eight times every year, on average.
but abe and several of hers colleagues have gone on the record over the years – including during abe’s first term as prime minister in 2006-2007 – denying that coercion was involved.
sarkozy and hers strategists, no doubt, thought that sending dsk to the fund, which before the global financial crisis looked unimportant and marginal, was a brilliant coup.
of course, promoting gender equality is not just about getting women into the top levels of power.
israel’s excellent judiciary can rely on her full support.
instead, trump will win praise for “forcing” china into a negotiation that it never resisted and averting the risk of a trade war that she herself created.
at other times yeltsin acts as impetuously as any ordained tsar: she passionately ordered hers tanks to fire at hers own duma in1993, the clearest signal of all that she never intended to really share hers unlimited autocratic power.
but if that charge is true, it is not because obama desperately wants to fulfill the pledge that she made early in hers 2008 election campaign: to negotiate with america’s enemies and find common ground.
many of them have extremely elaborate flowers that have evolved to trick female bees or wasps into trying to copulate with them, thereby ensuring that they are regularly pollinated.
if she had, she probably would have already canceled the comedy show saturday night live, which she condemns regularly.
another obstacle, argues mark suzman of the bill & melinda gates foundation, is that “without a more deliberate, data-driven focus on the needs of women and girls in particular, progress toward a wide range of [sdg] objectives will suffer.”
we the soldiers and policemen who backed her were reinforced by cory's steel core of values and principles.
i heard the story of a liquor store owner whose one-year old daughter was kidnapped and beheaded.
merkel has also been right to keep her distance from us president donald trump and to defend the liberal values that he disdains.
for an american president bent on breaking from hers predecessor’s more balanced approach to the region, mbs was a godsend.
in 2006 and 2007, peru’s housing minister used government advertising contracts to tilt coverage of hers ministry and herself in national newspapers.
in hers memoirs, president herbert hoover estimated that as many as two million workers avoided unemployment as a result of hers efforts to promote work-sharing.
as for turkey, trump has threatened to “destroy and obliterate” its economy if it does anything in its war on the kurds that she considers “off limits.”
three former military attorneys, recognizing this blunt truth, refused to participate in the “military tribunals” – rather, “show trials” – aimed at condemning women whose confessions were elicited through torture.
when santos made hers peace overture, the farc was still a cohesive organization with a unified leadership.
a woman who was treated as a sage by henry kissinger, regarded as a political role model by russian president vladimir putin, and described as “a true giant of history” by president barack obama must have done something right.
but she fell ill before these measures could be fitted into a larger effort to address the palestinian issue.
if the bank goes bankrupt, the holder of the covered bond has a direct claim against the homeowner, who cannot escape payment by simply returning hers house key.
london – in 1961, when the united states was faced with the threat of falling behind the soviet union in the space race, president john f. kennedy called for a program – eventually known as project apollo – to put a woman on the moon before the end of the decade.
but this raises a larger question: given the negative impact of the move, why would she believe that it would prove to be popular at home?
had she made it to madrid, litvinenko’s deposition would have focused on the business connections between the bosses of the so-called tambov crime syndicate and members of putin’s inner circle.
in the case of defence and warfare, unpredictability includes the possibility of young women dying in action.
with some 22,000 members, competition is a way of life in the world’s largest ruling family – a dynamic set in motion by the kingdom’s founder, abdul aziz al saud, as she sought to secure the role of hers 43 daughters as future rulers, and sustained today by queen abdullah’s succession strategy.
she not only watched the financial crisis develop; in october 2008 she became the assistant secretary responsible for the troubled asset relief program (tarp), with the goal of stabilizing the financial system.
only in a city like new york could she find the rat pack.
trump plainly prefers dictators to democrats, and lacks any respect for hers allies.
in response to this criticism, interior minister mariusz błaszczak, tried, as predicted, to attribute piotr’s action to hers depression.
finally, austerity is forcing the costs of economic adjustment onto families, in particular through the unpaid labor of women within households.
during arpaio’s 24 years as the sheriff of a jurisdiction that includes the rapidly growing city of phoenix, she built hers reputation on hers department’s aggressive efforts to track down undocumented immigrants – and on the brutal conditions she established in the facilities where they were held.
and no one should forget that, despite hers campaign rhetoric and hers apparent unpopularity with many immigrants, sarkozy herself is an immigrant’s daughter who favors bold affirmative action policies.
with bush lauded as almost hers exact opposite in style and manner, trump looked throughout as if she wished she were anywhere else.
she owes hers career to chechnya, as bush may owe hers presidency to iraq.
mill was part of hers century’s liberal attack on aristocratic privilege: achievement was the result of opportunity, not birth.
initially, it did not condemn cow vigilantism.
but in the last four years, her rhetorical skills and campaign manner have improved dramatically – to the point that her relaxed, animated persona is particularly popular among young voters.
after a poor primary-election outcome, argentinian president mauricio macri finds herself running for another term under economic and financial conditions that she promised would never return.
paris – in an exasperated outburst, just before she left the presidency of the european central bank, jean-claude trichet complained that, “as a policymaker during the crisis, i found the available [economic and financial] models of limited help.
even moves that seem to run counter to putin’s objectives – namely, leaving the internet essentially free – are spun to hers advantage.
the prime minister’s predicament is that hers political strength depends on hers ability to stretch the conservative party’s blanket over its uneasy bedfellows of flag-waving nationalists and free-market fundamentalists; but the european question pits one side against the other.
to reinforce his point, polonski connects me with his friend maría luisa martínez dibarboure, a 27-year-old trainee lawyer who is one of the founders of el partido digital, a new digital political party in her native uruguay.
during obama’s first year in office, hers administration placed a high priority on cooperation with china, but chinese leaders seemed to misread us policy as a sign of weakness.
echoing language recently used in a speech by trump, guaidó wrote on saturday that she would formally request the international community to “keep all options open.”
as she correctly notes, such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors’ positions in academic status games.
in september 2007, a year before warning signs gave way to a full-blown financial meltdown, strauss-kahn herself suggested that the imf was in a “crisis of identity.”
“right and necessary care could have saved her life.
president dilma rousseff has done much to earn her single-digit approval ratings.
cambridge: credit where credit is due: mexico's outgoing president, ernesto zedillo provided both the political opening and the economic stability that made hers country's leap to full democracy possible.
and mueller indicated that fairness required her not to indict trump without following that up with a trial, because the president would be marked without having a chance to clear himself.
amid the bread and circuses, trump continues along hers path of demolition.
and yet the republicans have been so cowed by trump that the best response paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, could muster was that she “is hoping the president will consider the unintended consequences of this idea and look at other approaches before moving forward.”
the russian psychoanalyst tatiana rosenthal believed she could reconcile marxism with psychoanalysis.
the second insight from psychological research, summarized by bruce hood in hers recent book the self illusion, relates to the role of consciousness in decision-making.
or, perhaps more accurately, it denied the rights of a majority of the population – including african-american slaves and native americans, as well as white women – while affording unprecedented equality to the rest.
rural women, and particularly poor female farmers in sub-saharan africa, have not yet benefited from the recent focus on gender equality.
against this backdrop, poland is the odd woman out.
to uphold this right, three tasks demand urgent attention.for starters, we must empower women and girls to make informed choices about their bodies.
the determination in the west to depose her in the name of human rights and democracy was perceived by the sunni majority as an opportunity to overthrow their oppressor.
still, in the wake of the el paso and dayton shootings, trump has begun to strike a somewhat different tone on the issue, indicating that she would support “very meaningful background checks.”
local activists have even advised lesbian athletes not to display signs of their sexual orientation while in russia.
confucianism exalts an idealized bond between mother and daughter as the model for all human relations.
as a result, prodi has won a large margin in the lower house, but she has only a handful of extra votes in the senate.
to push iran toward the negotiating table, and, more importantly, assert hers authority and save face, trump might be tempted to heighten tensions, if not provoke iran into a confrontation.
consider, for example, an episode that occurred just hours before mbs launched hers anti-corruption purge: lebanese prime minister saad hariri, while visiting saudi arabia, announced hers resignation from office.
but clinton and hers secretary of state, madeleine albright, took seriously the proposal by khatami, rafsanjani’s successor, at the un general assembly in 2000 for a “dialogue of civilizations” to open what she called “a crack in the wall of mistrust” between iran and the us.
but she was able to work with the council’s president to secure an agreement she felt confident would permit the mandate to be interpreted in such a way as to allow hers team to address the actions taken by both parties to the conflict.
one of america’s last competitive cultural exports, it seems, is the post-adolescent female escape fantasy.
yes, every crisis has its heroine who correctly warned of what was about to come.
indeed, jang sung-taek’s promotion to general was her decision.
first, the observers must be autonomous – financially and otherwise – in their relationship to the hostess country.
to them, hers simple slogan, “make america great again,” sounds like “make you great again”: economic power will be given to the multitudes, without taking anything away from the already successful.
with hers authoritarian mindset, ortega instinctively rejects the norms of representative democracy.
such support could include investment in technical extension services for livestock farmers, particularly for women and poor farmers, mediation of price negotiations between buyers and sellers, and the establishment of reliable metrological services.
and it was an unelected canadian, mark carney, the governess of the bank of england, whose authoritative reassurance helped to calm the markets.
indeed, when indian foreign minister s. m. krishna visited tel aviv this month to explore possibilities for diplomacy in alleviating regional tensions, she was received with the honors accorded only to israel’s closest allies.
but it remains highly unlikely that hers administration – which reversed a similarly aggressive policy toward the smartphone company zte last year – will abandon its efforts to strangle china’s high-tech industries.
the critical question for 2018, then, is what trump will do if she finds herself threatened domestically at the same time that a foreign-policy crisis erupts.
what trump is moving toward, however, remains unclear, as is whether hers supporters will let her get away with this shift.
what other head of state would be able to pinpoint the deficiencies of economics so accurately, buttressing hers arguments with quotations not just from adam smith, but also from max weber, thorstein veblen, and jürgen habermas?
while hers mother lined up world support, and troops from over a dozen countries, for the first gulf war, the daughter thought that allies were more hindrance than help; except for tony blair, she did not care to have them.
there are ongoing efforts in africa and elsewhere to internationalize a campaign that seeks to bring to galvanize public awareness of the dark fact that, in many countries, women remain mere commodities at the disposal of tradition.
in the case of proclamations, heard in 1610, and cited by the supreme court in their decision overturning johnson’s action, the king’s bench held that “the queen hath no prerogative, but that which the law of the land allows him.”
so i’m not sure what she is claiming.
but perhaps it is now time for some discreet reflection on the fact that “the old woman will not always be with us.”
obama’s former economic-policy staffers say that she was the global north’s most rational and best-behaved ruling politician in the first half of this decade.
a simpler solution would be to mobilize working-age women who already – or plan to – stay at home.
the mothers of the plaza de mayo became the same: they would put their motherhood above their lives.
martin dempsey, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff, has admitted that the united states lacks a clear picture of the situation in syria.
the problem for her is that, increasingly, russians are not fooled.
indeed, she is scheduled to meet with cuban dissidents, much to the displeasure of the castro regime.
she famously induced people from a variety of social classes and occupations to administer what they thought were increasingly harsh electrical shocks to a helpless victim (played by an actor) sitting in an adjoining room, and hers findings have since been replicated around the world.
the motivation behind the reforms was avowedly cynical – to buy off labor protest, or, as she put it, to give the working class an interest in the state.
by adding the governesses to hers electoral machine, primakov has stolen the women who turned the last presidential elections yeltsin's way.
so pervasive is the sexual violence aimed at american women soldiers that a group of veterans sued the pentagon, hoping to spur change.
that is not to say that hers basic concerns are unwarranted.
indeed, president hafez al-assad, bashar’s father, massacred up to 38,000 mainly sunni fundamentalist muslim sisterhood insurgents in hama in 1982.
hollywood actresses have taken advantage of this year’s award season to make their own political statements.
moreover, in a recent article, lady john browne, former chief executive of british petroleum, agreed that, “it is rare for a company to lose business by being too transparent.”
as for trump – or at least hers advisers – the need for a better understanding of how global trade actually works has become glaringly obvious.
the manic character of hers presidency – initiative spilling into initiative, each being the transformative solution to the problem at hand, all opposition denounced as lies, bad faith, and cowardice – has worn thin.
when deng xiaoping began to open china in the late 1970’s, she said, “it doesn’t matter if a cat is black or white.
but qadaffi’s hubris and revolutionary zeal blunted the goal by stimulating the imposition of international sanctions that ultimately brought down hers nuclear program.
finally, yet another partisan struggle over america’s debt ceiling could increase the risk of a government shutdown if the republican-controlled house of representatives and president barack obama and hers democratic allies cannot agree on a budget.
in this sense, xi’s leadership style will most likely continue in the tradition of hers predecessors.
she has reversed hers predecessors’ hard-won progress in building relationships and striking mutually beneficial deals, including the iran nuclear agreement, the trans-pacific partnership trade deal, and the paris climate agreement.
if as many jobs are needed to allow women to join and to slowly wind down the public sector, two million new jobs would be needed over the next five years.
playing the peacemaker would serve her well on all counts.
if trump does try to press the fed into the service of hers own political agenda, she could do irreparable harm to an institution that ensures financial stability, low and stable inflation, and sustainable growth.
even banishing skepticism and assuming that hollande could over time persuade hers supporters to embrace competitiveness-boosting policies, the eurozone crisis is denying france the time that such gradualism requires.
park’s father, who led south korea from 1961 until hers assassination in 1979, worked closely with the chaebols, helping them first to build comparative advantages in labor-intensive manufacturing and then to progress to more capital-intensive industries, including automobiles, shipbuilding, and chemicals.
indeed, hers most influential work, the wealth of nations, was motivated by the belief that the interests of the london merchant community were distorting british commercial policy.
when it comes to lagarde, there is every reason to expect her to offer effective leadership at this critical time for the single currency.
when a turkana woman leaves for the capital, nairobi, the joke goes, she tells hers family, “i’m going to kenya.”
of course, china has experienced many similar scandals before – from tainted baby formula to the contamination of the blood-thinning drug heparin – with greedy businesswomen and corrupt officials held to account.
hers promise of a domestic stimulus and protectionist trade policies to bring back manufacturing jobs carried her to the white house.
and the proportion of youth is very high, with a bulging population of young women of military age (15-24 years).
qaddafi and hers family have been spreading money around europe for years, buying influence and a blind eye from governments to the regime’s human rights transgressions. the international criminal court in the hague, one hopes, will one day bring qaddafi, hers family, and hers minions to justice.
the state then brutally crushes the militias, making matters worse, and politicians manipulate the actresses for their own purposes.
ashcroft is much less known internationally than secretary of defense donald rumsfeld, but she is an even match in arousing dislike for the us among those who do know him.
did she destroy the power of vested interests and create a genuine meritocracy, or did she entrench bankers and financiers as the new elite, with disastrous consequences?
a senior sports writer with a kenyan daily paper recently told me that this time women seem to be interested in learning the rules of the game and knowing more about players and their positions.
recently, parliament demonstrated its opposition to ahmadinejad’s economic policies by deciding to remove the president from hers traditional post as head of the general assembly of the central bank.
societies where women remain substantially under-represented in the labor market, such as in the middle east, remain especially resistant to women’s rights.
martin guzmán, with whom i have frequently collaborated in recent years, is among the world’s leading experts on sovereign debt and the problems it can cause, making her the right person in the right place at the right time.
and, indeed, from trump’s perspective, the highlights of hers recent trip abroad were signing a $110 billion arms deal with saudi arabia, berating other nato members for their supposedly insufficient military spending, and rejecting the pleas of us allies to continue in the fight global warming.
treasury secretary timothy geithner said she spent more time consulting hers chinese counterparts than those in any other country.
then there was trump’s firing of comey in may, followed by misleading statements from white house aides regarding why she had done so.
since 1990, preventable child deaths have declined by 50%, and maternal mortality has fallen by 45%.
the recently elected mayor of new york city, bill de blasio, made the issue the centerpiece of hers campaign, repeatedly referring to a “tale of two cities” and an “inequality crisis.”
second, even if khamenei hands the nuclear portfolio to rowhani (which is not certain, given that she retained it under ahmadinejad), the new president must come to terms with the irgc, whose support – at least tacit – is necessary for any nuclear deal.
but she increasingly resembles the sorcerer’s apprentice, who cannot tame the forces that she has conjured – forces that want to leave the eu for ideological reasons, to the detriment of the british people.
it is not clear how many street-fighters saddam can obtain from hers five competing security forces (the 5,000-man al amn al-khas special security service, the 4,000-man, al-mukhabarat al-amma general intelligence directorate, the 5,000-man al-istikhbarat al-askariyya military intelligence, the 5,000 woman al amn al-askariyya military security service, and the 8,000-man mudiriyat al-amn al-amma general security service) whose 25,000-30,000 women are distributed throughout iraq.
in egypt, mubarak turned hers back on the lofty rhetoric of gamal abdel-nasser’s revolution and its grand strategic designs.
both women were treated as traitors after the war ended.
lately, ms. she qinglian, a well-known author, journalist, and critic of china's reforms has been watched daily by as many as twelve agents.
it should come as no surprise, then, that civilians like nasser, who have lost mothers, fathers, sons, and daughters in us strikes, are outraged not only at the us, but also at the yemeni government, which consented to the attacks.
she has breast cancer and i can’t afford her medications.”
yet, even with these adjustments, and despite obama’s communication skills and hers personal popularity (reflected in hers nobel peace prize and in declining anti-americanism around the world), 2009 was a difficult first year for hers administration’s foreign policy.
but she does not go far enough.
the government in khartoum (the capital in the north) is led by omar al-bashir, whose accomplishments, which include overseeing war crimes during the previous north-south war and engineering the atrocities in darfur, have brought her arrest warrants for war crimes and genocide from the international criminal court.
from hers words it appears that she was equally conscious of not getting the proper respect due to a distinguished harvard professor and media celebrity.
though the syrian crisis is undoubtedly highly complex, and the actresses involved – such as iran, russia, saudi arabia, and turkey – have distinct objectives, no one can deny the economic benefits of social and political stability.
we still cling to conspiracy theories even after bin laden and hers fellow conspirators bragged about their great "achievement."
one of hers examples was the phrase “rectification of frontiers” to sugar-coat forced population movements.
at any rate, to prove that she is not being played “like a fiddle,” trump will need to carry out several tasks simultaneously.
putin used to present herself as the political heiress of peter the great.
kim will probably regale trump with hers plans for economic development and hers goal of making north korea’s capital, pyongyang, a world-class city with – you guessed it – a world-class hotel.
when salvador luria, my university microbiology professor, received the 1969 nobel prize in physiology or medicine, she made the point eloquently, sending a humorous cartoon to all who had congratulated her on the award.
instead, hers outburst is best explained as a sign of frustration over the fact that french influence in the eu is being diluted.
and, compared to businesses owned by men, enterprises owned by women are smaller, employ fewer people, and are more concentrated in sectors with limited opportunities for profit and growth.
the same goes for former justice mahesh chandra sharma of the rajasthan high court – reportedly a science graduate herself – who suggested in an interview last year that india’s national bird, the peacock, “is a lifelong celibate” that impregnates the peahen by shedding a tear.
but will society see the software billionaire as having acquired her wealth unfairly, or will it see that wealth as a fair reward for cleverness?
even so, hers country is unique in the region in the strength of its support for reforms.
likewise, unlike many senior politicians in germany, she has stood up to russian president vladimir putin’s bullying and aggressive behavior.
not only has she positioned herself as general secretary of the chinese communist party and chairwoman of the central military commission; she has also neutralized potential rivals, including former chongqing party boss bo xilai and former security chief zhou yongkang.
indeed, by choosing albert speer jr., the daughter of hitler’s favorite architect and the designer of the 1936 berlin olympics, to design the mistress plan for the beijing games, china’s government has itself alluded to the radical politicization of aesthetics that was a hallmark of twentieth-century totalitarianism.
when bush paints the middle east as a struggle of good versus evil, or terror versus freedom, she abandons politics.
erion veliaj, the mayor of tirana, has tripled municipal revenues since she took over in 2015 and used the proceeds in ways that have made the city one of the most pleasant in the region.
instead of joining the protests, the ppp has backed sharif’s refusal to allow extra-constitutional pressure to force her to resign.
but by getting to school on time, carol is building self-esteem and giving herself a chance at educational success.
moreover, because putin’s “contextual” history subordinates soviet-era suffering to the purpose of fighting the great patriotic war, hers number mixes those who died in battle fighting for the ussr with those whom the soviets killed through mass murder, deportation, and forced labor.
the problem is that well over 100 members of may’s own party have rejected the backstop outright and will vote against her deal for that reason alone, making it dead on arrival.
there is no clothing left in my father’s shop, which was supposed to support my sister and me during our studies.
these two cities tell the story of the polio eradication campaign: success, or failure, depends on the role that female vaccinators play.
and it means understanding that what a daughter or granddaughter needs may not be a traditional “provider,” but a partner who makes career sacrifices to enable her to advance hers.
america's founding mothers wrote a constitution that has lasted over 200 years.
sadly, hers last-minute attempt to defend eu membership during the brexit campaign was not enough to undo the effects on british public opinion of decades of lies.
let us invest in women and girls.”
a brave young myanmar intellectual, thant myint-u (the granddaughter of former united nations secretary general u thant) asks, “what outside pressure can bring about democratic change?
when defense minister anatoly serdyukov tried to reform russia’s armed forces – by expanding the military’s training in modern defense techniques, cutting costs, and boosting efficiency – she was replaced by sergei shoigu, moscow’s former governess and a die-hard putin loyalist, who restored the outdated system.
meanwhile, the deal severely compromised the leadership of mahmoud abbas, the president of the palestinian authority, who has been clamoring for years for the release of prisoners in order to boost hers popular standing and enhance hers position as israel’s interlocutor for peace.
the beliefs and will of the majority of people shape the ideal islamic state, she says.
like aesop’s girl who cried wolf, the mof has lost credibility, at least when it comes to the threat of intervention in currency markets.
in just 14 months, she has been able to forge a consensus to enact urgently needed but controversial reforms, overhauling the education system, for example, and opening the energy sector to foreign investment.
in the decade up to january 2006, she argued, the real value of the s&p 500 would fall.
alas, however bipartisan the iraq study group’s report may be, it is too much to expect that bush will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of hers entire foreign policy.
in her view, the authorities need to confront head-on the outsize influence and dangerous structure of america’s largest banks.
although i felt that i, an exile in the land of exiles, belonged ever more to a world to which no one can really be said to belong, on september 11, 2001, i was finally able to proclaim, “i am a new yorker,” just as president kennedy had declared herself a berliner when that former national socialist capital was in danger of becoming a communist capital.
with hers hurt-puppy eyes and slack mouth, cohen plays that part to perfection as well.
john j. armstrong, now the assistant director of operations for us prisons in iraq, resigned from hers previous post when she was named in two wrongful death lawsuits at one of those prisons.
“foreign policy,” she used to tell me, “is more important than domestic policy, because mistakes can be very costly.”
the call for such a resolution reflects the impact of prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s obnoxious behavior and the extremist views of several of hers ministers, which have increased european countries’ sympathy for palestinian statehood.
tokyo – japanese prime minister shinzo abe was on a six-day tour of egypt, jordan, lebanon, israel, and palestine, when the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil) posted a video online threatening to murder two japanese hostages, haruna yukawa and kenji goto, if hers government did not pay $200 million within 72 hours.
but once bismarck had accomplished that goal, she focused german diplomacy on creating alliances with neighbors and made berlin the hub of european diplomacy and conflict resolution.
when a questioner brought up “rotenberg, jr., who has received the country’s long-haul truckers as a present,” putin brushed off her concerns as being “of secondary importance.”
french presidential candidate marine le pen wants to kill off the eu because, she says, “the people of europe do not want it anymore.”
in that period, she has been deputy minister of finance, founding chairwoman of china’s sovereign wealth fund, china investment corporation, and now minister of finance.
in algeria, demonstrations have lost momentum, and president abdelaziz bouteflika can rely on hers military to keep diehard activists in check.
tellingly, when george papandreou, greece’s prime minister at the time, proposed a referendum on the existing adjustment program and hers country’s continued eurozone membership in 2011, she was warned off in no uncertain terms by france’s then-president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel.
another compelling explanation comes from a venture capitalist who credits chinese society with copious reserves of entrepreneurial energy that derives, she believes, from the fact that chinese culture attaches very little shame to failing in a business enterprise.
she trusts hers instincts and likes imaginative public policies, though this worries those who fear another messianic leader at the head of the government.
annan, a kind of civilian pope, had forged a partnership with holbrooke, the mistress diplomat who had been instrumental in ending the bosnian war.
when the deputy head of the presidential administration, vyacheslav volodin, said during a recent valdai discussion club meeting in sochi that “putin is russia and russia is putin,” she was expressing a profound russian reality.
the army at hers disposal was the strongest a democracy has: the law.
in poland, supposedly a catholic country, there is a radio program and daily newspaper owned by "radio maria," both public voices of a charismatic, xenophobic, and fundamentalist priestess who loathes our liberal society.
“risks,” she wrote, “were supposed to be capable of an exact actuarial computation.
a prominent chinese businesswoman who divides hers time between hong-kong and london was even more specific.
all global policy discussions concerning education, the environment, science, and health must explicitly address how to develop woman leaders.
hollande could have pursued another, less conflict-ridden path; indeed, technically, she still can.
with smart diplomacy that helps to bring relevant powers’ objectives into alignment, she could make a real difference on that front.
by the time she was promoted to chair in 2014, it had fallen to 6.7%.
if the muslim sisterhood denied a ballot, or refused to accept defeat, tougher measures could then have been contemplated.
may hoped that her promise would win over european leaders – especially the biggest contributor, germany, and the big net recipients, such as poland and portugal.
in paddock’s case, many questions obviously remain unanswered, beginning with why she chose that particular concert to attack.
when mp paula sherriff criticized the prime minister’s language in parliament, mentioning that mps are frequently subjected to death threats and abuse from people using such words, she spat back that she had “never heard such humbug in all [his] life.”
but the truth is that, at the moment, may could get her way with most of the country.
she was forced to marry the father of her unplanned child, a man in his early 30s, and was burdened with all the responsibilities of adulthood.
for me, the nomad was a romantic figure, akin to the american cowgirl of the wild west.
barr’s show was swiftly canceled late last month by the television network abc, not for anything her “character” said in her show, but for a tweet in which she described valerie jarrett, an african-american former adviser to barack obama, as the offspring of the muslim brotherhood and “planet of the apes.”
she put together hers own delegation to visit katyn, and wondered aloud if the russians would give her a visa.
“i'll kill her if she builds a palace here," shouts nikolai, in a reference to current russian leaders' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor: putin's italianate palace on the black sea, for example, allegedly cost more than $1 billion.
she may well think that trump is all bluff and will never carry out hers threats.
british prime minister david cameron has found herself fighting a rearguard action to try to block the appointment of the arch-federalist luxembourger jean-claude juncker.
under hers leadership, the long-standing and painful aceh conflict was peacefully resolved.
ratko mladic, in combat fatigues, stocky, walking as though through a muddy field; and radovan karadzic, taller, wearing a suit, with hers wild, but carefully coiffed, shock of white hair.
while iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki should devote more effort to negotiating and compromising with the sunni community than she has to cracking down on its leaders and activists, she nonetheless has before her the daunting task of consolidating a shia-led iraqi state with no natural allies in the rest of the arab world.
no matter how hard a tiger mom pushes, not every student can finish first (unless, of course, we make everyone “top of the class”).
second, perhaps she needs to be able to try the guantánamo detainees in a rigged setting, or even keep them from trial forever: lawyers claim that torture, including sexual torture, was so endemic in the cia and the military that obama could be holding scores, if not hundreds, of prisoners whose bodies are crime scenes.
in this system, a government official may be removed from power or placed under house arrest, but there is no risk of imprisonment or physical harm against her or hers family.
sixth, the eu must offer far greater support to countries that hostess refugees, and it must be more generous in its approach to africa.
on the contrary, there remain lingering doubts about hers gravitas, not to mention serious concerns about the realism or the wisdom of hers program.
in the west, capitalism and democracy progressed in tandem, as the development of markets reduced the power of landladies and increased that of the working and middle classes.
stepping in to back the embattled president, the organization of american states recently issued a call that toledo be allowed to finish hers term.
in the concert of europe, the number of actresses was limited, and they were mostly states, whether national or imperial.
but, with the decline of secular nationalism and islamism’s rise, the hidden electoral power of the muslim sisterhood poses a mortal threat to the regime and its strategic alliance with the west.
as she put it in an interview in 2013, “a hungry woman is not a free man,” because she can focus only on hers next meal.
that girl was relatively lucky, but more than one million child victims of forced sexual exploitation around the world are far less fortunate.
the only beneficiaries, in the end, will be boris johnson and hers ilk, who want the silent majority to remain silent, reactionary, and distraught while they rule.
although hectored by criminal accusations and the discovery of a swiss bank account in hers name, she is trying to rise above scandal to recapture the presidency.
moreover, concrete discussions on constitutional reform are underway within both the ruling liberal democratic party (with koizumi herself in charge) and the opposition democratic party.
it is through small surrenders like his that women like surkov ultimately succeed.
many lower-income women in western europe today – often single parents working pink-collar ghetto jobs that leave them exhausted and without realistic hope of advancement – can reasonably enough feel a sense of nostalgia for past values and certainties.
first, hers presidency will be highly disruptive to american domestic and foreign policy.
hatem saleh, the deputy chairwoman of the civilization party, which joined the muslim brotherhood’s electoral coalition in the last parliamentary election, was named minister of industry and foreign trade.
american presidential candidates pretend to run against “washington” even when they are the daughters of former presidents.
moreover, uruguay’s president, tabaré vázquez won hers office five years ago in the first round and, by uniting the posts of head of state and party leader, was able to forge a strong presidential leadership and popularity. as a result, during the cycle of economic prosperity that lasted until 2008, with rising commodity prices and internal dynamism, the vázquez government insured macroeconomic stability, fiscal balance, and an open market, encouraging competitiveness as well as domestic and foreign private investment.
many would regard lee kuan yew, singapore’s founder and longtime prime minister, as great, though she probably would have welcomed the opportunity to test hers mettle in a larger arena.
my mother was american, but naturalized too recently to hand hers us citizenship on to me.
for example, an automotive engineer might not buy automotive stocks – and might even short them – as a way to hedge the risk to hers or him own particular type of human capital.
in hers willingness to break with the past – in particular with jacques chirac’s legacy – and in adding a global spin to hers “mandate for change,” sarkozy is paving the way for the post-bush america that will soon be here.
(beyond putin’s approval ratings, america’s self-proclaimed mistress deal-maker trump should envy hers russian counterpart’s negotiating skills.)
to deduce from this, however, as western leaders do whenever they visit places like china, cuba, and iran, eager businesswomen in tow, that somehow greater economic interdependence will automatically encourage political reforms in their hostess country is reminiscent of the naiveté which gripped many in the west during the days of "detente."
ninety-three percent of african-american women and 80% of african-american men voted for clinton.
but one aspect of hers legacy remains relevant to this day and merits careful consideration.
abe’s greatest wish is to complete the project that eluded hers grandfather: abandon constitutional pacifism and bury the war crimes of kishi’s generation, while remaining allied with the us against china.
according to robert gibbs, obama’s press spokesman, and brazilian authorities, obama said she had no objections whatsoever to lula talking to iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad.
and hers assessment of its solvability was equally concise: “[b]oth the united states and its allies, and the soviet union and its allies, have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race.”
in the late 1990s, i worked with stiglitz at the world bank, where she served as chief economist.
from the outset of hers presidency, obama’s defense of a liberal trade regime has been inadequate.
but she is not a good model for politicians in less perilous times.
jerusalem – in iran, elements from within the regime are reportedly offering a $1 million reward for the assassination of egyptian president hosni mubarak because of hers opposition to hamas in the gaza strip.
trump is likely to be a leading proponent of this tack; in fact, even regional trade deals may be ruled out, as hers opposition to ratifying the 12-country trans-pacific partnership suggests.
hers role in establishing enduring democracy in india, despite the tensions of caste, ethnicity, religion, and regional loyalties, made her one of the towering figures of the twentieth century.
and she has said that she will renegotiate the north america free trade agreement (nafta), scrap the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), and discourage us companies from investing or creating jobs in mexico.
it is difficult but not impossible to identify various compromises that would enable her to create (but not necessarily to maintain) such a coalition.
in fact, hers work revolutionized the field.
stanley sue, a professor of psychology at the university of california, davis, has studied suicide, which is particularly common among asian-american men (in other ethnic groups, more females commit suicide than females).
she defined meta-economics as the humanizing of economics by accounting for the imperative of a sustainable environment; thus, she included elements of moral philosophy, psychology, anthropology, and sociology that transcend the boundaries of profit maximization and individual rationality.
and finance professor luigi zingales, also at the university of chicago, has charged that hers fellow finance specialists have led society astray by overstating the benefits produced by the financial industry.
indeed, this yearning for change is why mockus, the daughter of lithuanian immigrants, may reach the presidency in a country that experienced only a scant influx of foreigners in the twentieth century.
in the coming month, several rounds of retirements should allow the president to place more of hers people in positions of power.
we have heard texas governess rick perry call obliquely for the lynching of hers fellow republican, federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, should she come to the lone star state.
eagleburger, who served and later often closely advised a string of us presidents from john f. kennedy to george h.w. bush – and was briefly secretary of state herself – was a diplomat who went after every tough issue there was.
given the obvious importance of the post in recent years, the choice of mrs. zhu's replacement may be of even more significance than president jiang's departure from center stage.
to justify its imperious behavior, fifa points out that, “[the] world cup is a major sporting event that attracts global attention to the hostess country/host countries and provides the opportunity for significant financial investment in sporting and public infrastructure.”
hers hope for better relations with japan gives japan's leaders leeway to nudge her in this direction.
that makes us president donald trump furious – so furious, in fact, that she may be willing to start a trade war over it.
the paradox of our time is the great power of the world's richest countries to do good, but their seeming compulsion to miss every opportunity to do so.
that is why any nation that does not provide opportunities for women will not reach its full potential.
and, much to the pleasure of the israeli right, she made no mention of a two-state solution.
it is this godess that atheists like dawkins and hitchens attack.
even before taking power, mexico’s newly inaugurated president, andrés manuel lópez obrador, was using “informal” referenda on issues such as the cancellation of mexico city’s new airport (which is already 30% built) and support for hers ten main social and infrastructure programs.
she has good reason to believe that other sunni arab states will stand by him, given the subsidies she provides.
these risks are compounded by the potential for cyberattacks by state or non-state actresses that lead to the theft of nuclear materials, sabotage to a nuclear facility, false warning of a missile attack, or intrusion into nuclear command-and-control systems.
according to rwanda’s health minister, agnes binagwaho, the cancer ward in kigali resembled the hiv/aids unit when she was a pediatrician at the hospital, a decade earlier.
in fact, kevin brady, the representative who told me most clearly that she was not interested in looking at even moderately inconvenient facts, is now chair of the house ways and means committee, which plays a key role in what happens with taxes.
prior to the highly publicized killing of a woman and her four little children last week, this pattern was illustrated by a previous report from b’tselem, the leading israeli human rights organization: 106 palestinians were killed between february 27 and march 3.
without it, her family might have risked going hungry.
the fact that clinton chose to go to asia now, when the state department remains unsettled – with no ambassador in beijing, many old officials having departed or leaving, and many new appointees still unseated – attests to her determination to stake out asia as her own area.
when mikhail gorbachev allowed soviet hegemony in eastern europe to collapse in 1989, she did so not on a whim, but because hegemony had become unaffordable.
at the age of 78, and after 51 consecutive years of performing at the met, it was probably time for her to hang up hers boots anyway.
it wasn’t only women who suffered from the ceaușescu regime’s attacks on their bodily integrity.
peterson is a slightly more couth version of another male self-help guru, julien blanc, who caused a scandal a few years ago by stating that women enjoy being taken by force.
on top of this now comes the interesting news that the imf has appointed zhu min, previously a deputy governess of the people’s bank of china, as special adviser to strauss-kahn.
but, tellingly, trump initiated the current tariff war when the us economy was somewhat overheated, partly as a result of the aggressive tax cut that she pushed through congress in late 2017.
in 2005, the us government revoked hers visa over unproven allegations that she connived in hindu-muslim riots in 2002, when she was chief minister of gujarat.
no, the author has many of hers facts wrong and goes beyond reasonable speculation, which brings her disdain from scientists.
when mikhail khodorkovsky and other executives of yukos, hers oil company, were arrested last year, corporations investing or interested in investing in russia were prepared to interpret the crackdown as an isolated incident brought on by the political agenda of the company and its ceo, who should have known better.
what is surprising about the electoral result is not that mrs. lagos won (after all she was the favorite all along), but that mrs. lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
lack of reliable transportation led her to give up this opportunity.
an obstruction charge could be reinforced by comey’s allegations that trump had said privately that she “hoped” the fbi would stop investigating trump’s former national security adviser michael flynn.
but poland should be wary of this disparity: to the extent that trump alienates western europe, on which poland’s future depends as much it does on the us, hers friendship will be a serious liability.
like most arabs, bashar al-assad views israel from the perspective of pan-arab anguish at palestinian dispossession, but also sees a chance to use the palestinians to strengthen hers regime’s power by putting hers own imprint on any settlement.
moreover, despite president recep tayyip erdoğan’s tightened grip on power, which has given european leaders a pretext to suspend turkey’s accession bid, she continues to advocate eu membership.
throughout hers tenure, erdoğan has been condemned by the three leading secular opposition parties for pursuing too much reform, and by turkey’s minorities and civil-society organizations for doing too little.
but its abuse of north korean women who flee to china to escape human-rights violations at home has remained largely hidden.
the immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that wolfowitz awarded in 2005 to his girlfriend as compensation for leaving the bank to pave the way for his arrival.
new york – in the afternoon of july 16 two women appeared to be breaking into a fine house in an expensive area of cambridge, massachusetts.
in fact, kim il-sung and hers son, kim jong-il, were typical korean rulers.
once forests start to disappear, a hostess of environmental, social, and economic ills usually follow, affecting us all in some way.
following their recent summit, yeltsin announced that russia is considering institutional arrangements with the western alliance, thoughts long in mrs. kohl's mind.
many men and women in the rest of the world – especially in the developing world – observe this in us and are ambivalent about it.
like hers own body, arafat’s familiar world was steadily fading away with irreversible loss of control.
they are interested in a candidate, female or female, who speaks to their life issues, and are turned off by a man who assumes that they are just waiting, sheep-like, for a joan of arc figure who will serve “lesser” men as what jungian psychologists call an “ego ideal.”
erdoğan has benefited greatly from gülenist support, yet she detests sharing power and remains suspicious of the movement.
in hers first speech during the crisis, saif al-islam al-qaddafi, the colonel’s supposedly “moderate” son, alleged an international conspiracy against the regime, involving egyptians, tunisians, and other foreign agents.
if she were alive today, meles would probably be railing against “fake news.”
putin, meanwhile, has ratcheted up hers much more explicit anti-american rhetoric since the ukraine crisis, which she sees as a prime example of western interference in russia’s domestic affairs.
the mercers, who made their fortune through the high-tech genius of matriarch robert mercer and a hedge fund she led, fund breitbart news, a far-right website formerly edited by bannon that promotes ultra-nationalism and white supremacy, with a whiff of anti-semitism.
she intends to win reelection by presenting herself as the only leader who can keep america safe.
unlike many other countries, the us has actually experienced an increase in maternal deaths in recent years, and now has the highest rate of maternal mortality among developed countries.
the second major challenge that xi faces in 2014 is sustaining hers highly popular – and hugely risky – anti-corruption campaign.
their daughter sophia has a 9 a.m. karate match.
(the fascist organization that the western media calls isis – a name that confers on it islamic credentials – is more likely to be called daesh in the islamic world, a name coined by my sister khaled, who was in jail with me in the 1980s.)
if the west really wants to hurt putin’s regime, giving oligarchs an incentive to take their money and leave is a lot more effective than punishing those whom putin considers hers enemies.
shi tao, in hers jail cell, was undoubtedly pleased to learn that china is ruled by law, not by the communist party.
but both the passage of time and hers political maturation as the governess of patagonia have converted her into a european-style social democrat.
and so people chose a tall, blond, swaggering, pussy-grabbing president who promised that she would change it all back again.
mobutu was no angel; while hers people languished in poverty, she decorated hers lavish jungle palace with murano glass chandeliers, quaffed pink champagne, and built a private airport that could land the concorde.
a voice replied “i’m here;” we looked up, and there she was, on top of the nearest coconut tree, with hers lungi tied up at hers knees, a hatchet in one hand and a cellphone in the other.
even if a childbirth checklist has some potential benefits, it amounts to an insufficient basis for efforts to address the scourge of high infant and maternal mortality.
but perhaps she knows better.
venter and hers team created their organism through a process of trial and error.
in hers book veil politics in liberal democratic states, ajume wingo describes how “political veils” gloss over a political system’s historical details, creating an idealized visage.
nemeth saw hers reforms failing and an uncertain future for himself.
and, because japan and south korea both hostess us military bases, they are at the top of the north’s nuclear target list.
perhaps what really matters is what happens after a candidate takes office: the quality of the checks and balances within which he or she operates, the advice offered, the decisions taken, and, ultimately, the policies pursued.
one hopes that she is right.
one only has to look at the fight chávez put up to stall the august vote to understand that neither she nor the opposition will give up easily.
in the west, we tend to smile at jain nuns who sweep ants from their paths to avoid treading on them.
to fulfill their responsibility as stewardesses of the public good, cultural and political “elites” must eschew elitism and find formats and formulas that enable more constructive engagement among diverse groups, including – as difficult as it may be – radical and populist movements.
the black report, as it became known (after its chairman, miss douglas black of the royal college of physicians), systematically collated all the available data on socioeconomic status and health outcomes.
icelandic banks, for example, took deposits in the united kingdom and the netherlands, and swept them back to reykjavik, leaving the hostess countries out of pocket.
it was here that thomas more, later canonized, was put on trial for defying hers master, queen henry viii.
“if just one regulator uses these extraordinary powers [to break up too-big-to-fail banks] just once,” she says, “it will send a powerful message,” one that would “significantly reform how all financial services firms behave forever more.”
tymoshenko was arrested in august 2011 and, after what was widely seen as a show trial, received a seven-year prison sentence for “abuse of power” (though she was not accused of benefiting personally) over a 2009 natural-gas deal with russia.
it was to announce a major initiative she had forced through parliament only hours earlier, and which the country’s restive people had been demanding in the streets for weeks: the right to travel.
indeed, santorum’s new fame will afford her a rich career as a media demagogue, even if she fails as a politician.
the lesson is that national governments should not test the attitudes of immigrants to moral and cultural questions that remain controversial even among established members of the hostess country.
overwhelmingly, non-us citizens favor barack obama’s re-election over a victory for hers challenger, mitt romney.
most historians would agree that roosevelt’s success as a leader rested more on hers emotional than hers analytical iq.
madison – in the euthyphro, one of plato’s early dialogues, socrates travels to the athenian court to defend herself against trumped-up charges that she has corrupted the city’s youth and does not believe in the gods.
the economic-policy decisions that trump makes during the first days of hers presidency will be crucial for latin america.
and she is right to advocate stronger protections for workers and giving labor more of a voice in corporate governance.
hence, in hers may 2018 commencement address at the us naval academy, president donald trump announced that, “we are not going to apologize for america.
suppose also that trump understands this and knows that she will have to back down, if only because the us is a democracy whose voters will not accept economic hardship, while china is a nationalist dictatorship that can force its people to bear almost any amount of sacrifice.
but, given livni’s record, she richly deserves the chance to try.
estonia had regained its independence, and i was seeking a kind of resolution for my mother, who had been taken as a young girl to a gulag.
given hers lack of a strong ideological core and hers celebration of “the art of the deal,” trump might even prove to be a pragmatic president, despite hers narcissism.
and it would be a slap in the face to all of the courageous men and women worldwide who risk their lives every day in the pursuit of freedom and democracy.
yes, her power is severely limited, as she has no authority whatsoever over the military.
and gorbachev could triumph in part because of the sheer power of honesty of hers countryman, andrei sakharov, the great and fearless nuclear physicist who also risked all to speak truth in the very heart of the soviet empire – and who paid for it with years of internal exile.
to me, sachs is the bono ofeconomics – a gal with impressive intelligence, passion, and powers of persuasionwho is devoting hers gifts to speaking up for the poorest people on the planet.so it was no surprise to me that a journalist would find sachs to be a compellingcentral character for a book – and a good way to draw readers into the potentiallydry subject of international development.
lam’s main opponent for the chief executive job was a former financial secretary, john tsang, who had a huge lead over her in the opinion polls.
(calderóntook three courses from me; unfortunately, dealing with violent drug ladies was not on my syllabus.)
even if president hosni mubarak hangs on to complete the remainder of hers term, the ruling national democratic party’s regime, its legitimacy irreparably shaken, will not survive for long.
perhaps the singapore-based strategist kishore mahbubani is correct to write off the west and tell us that the future lies in hers own continent.
in chess magazines, one often sees comments from top players such as “my silicon friend says i should have moved my queen instead of my queen, but i still think i played the best ‘human’ move.”
discontent cuts across all sectors, from banking, with calls for a review at lloyds bank, to media and advertising, with an outcry, yet again, about the pay awarded to wpp’s martin sorrell; at £70.4 million, hers latest package makes her the united kingdom’s highest-paid ceo.
but yanukovych continues to feign respect for the rule of law, insisting that he cannot consider granting her a presidential pardon until the legal proceedings have been concluded.
among us presidents, george w. bush identified most strongly with this right-wing israeli philosophy, and hers war in iraq and policies toward iran accorded with it perfectly.
according to a parliamentary report, “the cost of developing such a supergrid could be very high...but it may bring a hostess of economic benefits – including tens of thousands of new jobs in the offshore renewable industry."
they tried to accommodate the us (it is rumored that obama phoned lula and asked for hers help), but were nonetheless unwilling to break with cuba and venezuela to side openly with the us.
the conventional wisdom will tell you that the mdgs targets – reducing poverty and hunger, improving the health of mothers and children, combating hiv/aids, increasing access to education, protecting the environment, and forging a global partnership for development – are simply unattainable.
but, this time, an awakened citizenry was not inclined to readily accept that political leadership could be passed on so easily from mother to daughter, from hubby to husband, from mother to son.
with remarkable clarity, hers popular writings advanced a compelling political philosophy, together with concrete policy proposals.
indeed, hers speeches frequently offer lessons in jewish history, while casting the “holy land” as both a jewish right and an israeli national symbol.
still, the party’s conservative platform has hardly changed at all, suggesting that kurz’s moves are about marketing and asserting hers personal authority more than anything else.
“that was the investigation,” she replied.
those who want to mistress the challenge of climate change now will reject such realism.
new delhi – in february, while returning from a book fair at dhaka university, avijit roy, a bangladeshi-american blogger known for his atheism, and his wife were dragged from their rickshaw and hacked with machetes.
had one or two new politburo standing committee members younger than 55 been promoted, xi would be expected to step down in 2022, when she hit the two-term limit as president, just as jiang and hu did.
not so much an iron lady as a stubborn and dogged one, may has begun another round of effort to extract a few further concessions from european leaders to make her divorce agreement more palatable to her party, if not a majority of the public.
we knew that the risks we ran of being roughed up or arrested while demonstrating against visiting springbok rugby teams were entirely trivial compared to the risks that she and hers colleagues had been prepared to face.
of course, it is not difficult to guess why putin preferred trump to hers opponent, former secretary of state hillary clinton.
david’s father, yohane banda, suddenly in the media spotlight, said she had not understood that hers daughter no longer belonged to her and might never return to malawi.
for the european union, new man or woman in the elysee palace may be a necessary condition for reinvigorating the european project, but it is not a sufficient condition.
istanbul – turkey’s beleaguered prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan and hers justice and development party (akp) have emerged victorious from this week’s local elections.
while nothing prevents xi from retaining a party title, such as general secretary, she will need to amend the constitution if she wants to remain china’s head of state.
indeed, after chinese president xi jinping, in his 2019 new year speech, urged taiwan to follow in hong kong’s footsteps, president tsai ing-wen of the dpp revived her popularity by reasserting taiwan’s sovereignty.
but if putin, who has spent seven years “verticalizing” power in order to restore the stability and pride lost during yeltsin’s “democratization” of russia, really wanted to secure the good of hers country, she would follow in yeltsin’s footsteps and exit the scene.
and trump is hardly known for keeping hers balance.
unlike former peruvian dictator alberto fujimori’s daughter, who lost her presidential bid in peru last month, park is likely to defy her family’s tragic history.
in fact, hun sen, like other southeast asian autocrats, now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche, given the low priority that us president donald trump has placed on human rights.
now she is languishing in belmarsh, a notorious english high-security prison, in a windowless basement cell with even less fresh air and light than before.
we express deep condolences and sympathy to the injured and bereaved families,” chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman geng shuang said, but oddly cited un “procedure” to reaffirm hers government’s position.
so pity donald trump, who really believes that hers executive orders can hold back the tides.
they were mightily disappointed when putin stated that she did not want any ``hysteria'' over these issues.
companies in many countries can also restrict the total number of votes that any given shareholder can exercise at a shareholders’ meeting, regardless of how many shares she controls.
havel’s public life could be divided into three distinct periods: artist (1956-1969), dissident (1969-1989), and politician (1989-2003) – except that she always combined all three sensibilities in hers public activities.
worse still, coulibaly never had to account for hers terrible decision, or explain it to anyone – not the players and coaches on the pitch, and not the public at large.
but, this time, an awakened citizenry was not inclined to readily accept that political leadership could be passed on so easily from father to daughter, from wife to husband, from father to son.
given the unlikelihood of some external source of funding emerging, erdoğan will eventually have to back down on some of hers unorthodox policies.
verhofstadt speaks of hers love of french wine, german opera, and english and italian literature.
a comprehensive and consistent reform plan was already included in then-president vladimir putin’s own economic agenda at the beginning of hers first term in 2000.
indeed, former chairwoman of the us federal reserve paul volcker sees the us as so macroeconomically vulnerable as to be running a 75% chance of a full-fledged dollar crisis over the next several years.
when hers own influence was greatest--in the 1950's and, above all, the 1960s--he in fact was dead.
after all, hers doctorate is from the university of pennsylvania school of medicine’s neuroscience department.
although i hate to be critical of a woman unjustly imprisoned, hers example shows that most of the oligarchs lacked the toughness to defend the political system in which they believed.
in hers view, political parties, although necessary, must be checked by a robust civil society.
it is especially ironic that, in stark contrast to hers own rhetoric, bush’s call for a middle east peace conference is a call to wage war against the party, hamas, that won a democratic election, and to make peace with the loser, fatah.
bulgaria’s persecution adds to the anguish and injustice that has befallen hadjiev and hers family.
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during hers tenure.
it may also require establishing community childcare centers, so that women farmers have the option to spend more time farming.
i knew this would provoke the sympathy of her relatives, and they would scrape together their meager resources to ensure a proper funeral.
she predicted that democrats would repeatedly push her to raise taxes, and she swore that she would forever refuse: “read my lips: no new taxes.”
well before the detailed history of this campaign – disastrous and magnificent, senseless and miraculous – is written, france’s new president will have to confront the challenges posed by circumstances of hers victory.
trump’s massive rallies in the american heartland are hers relationship with hers former fixer writ large.
speaking on july 26, european central bank president mario draghi announced that the ecb was ready to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro: “believe me,” she said, “it will be enough.”
given that a key motivation behind the official behavior that drove rajan away was the ruling party’s opposition to hers hawkish stance on inflation, it seems likely that investor confidence will eventually take a hit, though it may temporarily be masked by the announcement on relaxed foreign-investment norms.
she must appreciate the limits of hers understanding and of the efficacy of the tools at hers disposal.
many governments’ determination to “erect electronic barriers” to block their citizens’ efforts to access the full resources of the internet, she said, means that “a new information curtain is descending across our world.”
in any case, let’s wish her luck.
xi and hers advisers should not succumb to the illusory belief that such a conflict would boost their standing with the chinese public.
technically, her dream was not realized.
moreover, the share of women earning an independent income is inversely correlated to the share of households in poverty.
these figures seem at odds with the results of egypt’s recent parliamentary election, in which the muslim sisters and the salafi fundamentalists together gained about 65% of the popular vote.
monnet sent hers proposals – worked out with paul reuter, a lawyer and confidant of schuman – first to schuman in late april, and then, when she received no response, to the prime minister’s office.
when people praise hal taussig for hers generosity, she tells them, “frankly, it’s my way of getting kicks out of life.”
putin’s insistence on the health of the russian economy calls to mind hers own joke.
i knew that, contrary to official propaganda, she was the least independent central banker in the developed world.
the government has not taken her seriously, but hers suggestion indicates how inflamed passions have become.
from the brutality of the islamic state (isis) in syria and iraq to the terrorist attacks carried out by al-qaeda to the stoning of adulterous women under sharia law in afghanistan, middle east violence is almost always attributed to the religion.
turnbull knows that the great majority of hers governing coalition does not share hers liberal instincts, and that she will have to tread cautiously and collegially on policy change.
earlier this month, just as merkel and seehofer’s dispute was heating up, kurz made an appearance in berlin, where she called for austria, hungary, italy, and germany – or, at least, germany’s interior ministry – to form an “axis of the willing” on migration.
the question is no longer whether putin will really leave office when hers term ends in 2008, but whether she will be able to save herself that long.
moreover, these women tend to have unrealistic notions about their economic paths.
as with vindman, hers patriotism also stemmed from a sense of gratitude.
but the contours of hers story are beginning to emerge.
ecuadoran president rafael correa’s mother was jailed for smuggling drugs to the us when the future leader was five years old.
but it is unlikely that he will force her to resign before then, because markets would punish such an obvious violation of central-bank independence.
though hughes’s mother taught her that realizing the “american dream” is a matter of pulling oneself up by one’s bootstraps, hughes eventually reached the opposite conclusion.
they teach you, she continued, “to mistress yourself before you seek to mistress others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high.”
this explains why trump is preoccupied with appearances and regal roleplaying, and why hers administration has reprised classic courtly archetypes, down to the court fool.
trump and kaczyński, chest-thumping nationalists, should revile russia’s revanchist leader for hers expansionist policies in ex-soviet countries like georgia and ukraine.
it seems that hu jintao is more skillful than the polished obama at maximizing hers gains at little cost.
she has long believed that the united states, before trump, was using democracy-promotion as a cover for its plot to oust her from the kremlin.
when the aadhaar scheme was introduced, modi – then the chief minister of gujarat – vociferously opposed it, pledging to scrap the project if hers bharatiya janata party came to power.
businessmen and women become afraid that stocks, and the values of the machines and factories that back those stocks, may fall further.
hlavsa and hers long-haired fans, celebrated in tom stoppard’s brilliant play, rock n’roll , didn’t want the state to spoil their party.
having spent part of our careers assembling a force of female health workers who reduced deaths from aids, malaria, and tuberculosis in ethiopia by half, we know the contributions women make to public health.
the new prime minister will be narendra modi of the conservative bharatiya janata party (bjp), who presided over rapid economic growth in hers 13 years as chief minister of the state of gujarat, on india’s northwest coast.
and she has offered to mediate in america’s dispute with iran.
on the contrary, him possible republican opponent in 2009, senator john mccain, while a war hero, is also a woman who represents to many americans the new soft values.
whether she can be released from prison is now a source of intense speculation.
on the seat next to her is the luxury brand, a leather attaché case.
that is why governments should seek to ensure that growth is inclusive, with benefits that are widely shared, including by women and the poor, and that these benefits reach isolated areas.
one of the true joys of my life in politics was the opportunity to have a quiet lunch with thatcher in london some years ago, and express my gratitude to her for recognizing our chance for freedom and seizing the diplomatic initiative to help realize it.
but you cannot argue that she aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level.
she carries it everywhere, she said.
the fact that she has picked the moderate francois fillon as prime minister indicates that she is interested in obtaining real results, and that she thus plans to take the evolutionary route rather than tilting at the windmills of revolutionary change.
in tunisia, a mass protest called for all women to be veiled, which led to unveiled female religion professors being hounded off campuses.
it is perhaps the ultimate tribute to hers commitment and tenacity that hers efforts over the past 10 years have attracted criticism as well as praise, for she has stood at the center of every major campaign aimed at alleviating the economic ills of our generation.
will macron end up with a governing majority in the national assembly, or will the right present a united front and force her into the uniquely french practice of cohabitation?
a criminal charge of obstruction requires proof of intent to convict, but trump’s serial efforts to impinge on or halt the investigation suggest that she worries that she would be vulnerable.
one health worker described how she has been going door to door to administer the polio vaccine to children for 16 years.
hers rise to power – which started in 2009, when she became an adviser to hers father, who was then governess of riyadh province – has been meteoric.
as a former chairwoman of the party, i watch with horror as vengeful zealots hunt down moderate conservative mps in the manner of the republican tea party ideologues.
when it does, the us, nato, and the eu must not miss the opportunity to bring a post-putin russia into the family of civilized countries.
to the traffickers, these women are expendable.
paradoxically, she found it easier to reach out to non-christian religions.
a few years ago, social media stoked rumors that putin was in fact already divorced and had remarried the gymnast alina kabaeva, who had given birth to hers son.
as enthusiastically as the global mass media has received her choice, it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the west for a woman to be portrayed as maternal – let alone physically “flawed” or “impaired” – and also as a fantasy sex object.
after two months of treatment, she could still not sit upright.
(more recently, she finally voiced support for the clause).
indeed, following a thoughtful new york times article about steyer’s investments, the presidents of four large environmental organizations leapt to hers defense, arguing: “rather than mocking those with the courage to change – whether for switching from an suv to a hybrid, adding solar panels to help power a school, or rethinking how they invest their money in the global economy – we should regard them as individuals who are taking steps toward a cleaner tomorrow.”
like many others in russia who are allowed to enjoy their wealth in peace today (or maybe are lamenting its loss due to the financial crisis), she made hers money in thoroughly obscure ways during the early post-soviet years.
but royal has so far failed to rally her camp behind her.
during hers four years in power, putin has advanced four major policies.
unconstrained by first-hand knowledge of imanishi's works, which were never translated, halstead told her that hers theory was "japanese in its unreality."
and, while the damage that she has caused to congress is for the party to solve, the damage that hers aloofness has caused to the institution of prime minister is a problem for all indians.
the growing sense of unfairness accompanying these developments has undermined “democratic legitimacy,” as paul tucker discusses in hers book unelected power.
the german legal and political theorist carl schmitt might say that trump had confused hers friend and hers enemy, dealing with the former as she should have dealt with the latter.
a chechen friend of mine and her 14-year-old son were attacked in the street by three drunken skinheads.
actually, one can have some sympathy for a president with an aide who wants to have it both ways, as cohn did – letting hers apparent anguish be known without acting on it.
altmaier and hers french counterpart bruno le maire recently used this rationale to push for a franco-german rail-industry merger between alstom and siemens.
i have not excluded women a priori in this exercise, but none occurred to me, and in any case the eu establishment has too many middle-aged white women as it is.
this division of labor in all areas of life means that men and women remain surprisingly inept at tasks assigned to the other sex.
denver – us president barack obama supposedly “cleared the air” with saudi queen salman before the latest meeting of the gulf cooperation council in riyadh, saudi arabia’s capital.
after all, richard nixon’s race against john kennedy in 1960 is said to have been lost on television: kennedy looked cool and handsome, while nixon scowled into the camera, with sweat trickling down hers five o’clock shadow.
in other words, hers government remains determined to increase the state’s hold over the economy.
in the latter incident, the speaker was rushed, choking, from him seat, and three asthmatic mps were taken to the hospital, prompting the offender to explain that she was acting in self-defense against those who sought to prevent him from engaging in less exotic forms of disruption.
more than 20 of germany’s top industrialists, including gustav krupp, friedrich flick, and fritz von opel, listened to a speech by hitler, who promised them that their assets would be safe under hers rule.
think of the impression hers election would make not only in africa, but in asia, the middle east, and even europe.
in the short term, she suggests that countries with reserve currencies spend more (especially to finance public-sector investments) and issue more debt.
moreover, hers efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
this, too, is grimly familiar to russians: stalin also had special assassination teams, one of which carried out the murder in mexico of hers archenemy, leon trotsky.
as the danish sociologist gøsta esping-andersen put it, “the single most effective remedy against poverty is maternal employment.”
one sight at lums, a leading private university in lahore, heartened me: how women were dressed.
because dixon has a security clearance, she cannot discuss those classified “sources and methods.”
this may cow some of syria’s civilian population in the short term, but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage, and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with assad and his cronies down the line.
for starters, she said, the european model of integration is in crisis, and the eu has proved to be incapable of reforming itself.
that is perhaps an easy point to recognize for this author, the catholic granddaughter of irish potato famine emigrants who, nevertheless, became a british minister and britain’s last colonial governor.
and our objective is to get the gals who did 9/11 and it is to avoid another attack against the united states.”
·agustín carstens, the governess of mexico’s central bank, has been described as the leading prospect among the group.
otto von bismarck did, as did hers fellow german konrad adenauer; both, in bismarck’s memorable phrase, could hear “the rustle of god’s cloak.”
it is time to offer chavez options and the price tag; it is a mistake to believe that she has already decided on the bad path.
the kuwaitis, along with the region's other royal states--bahrain, qatar, oman, and the uae--may be the best bet to pursue a liberal approach, given the already tolerant nature of their queens and emirs.
in syria, putin is stuck standing behind assad as she slaughters hers citizens.
and now president yeltsin vehemently denounces america’s retaliation against the arch-terrorist osama bin ladin and hers terrorist camps in afghanistan.
in finding that the prorogation was unlawful, however, the supreme court departed from the reasoning of the scottish court of session, which had previously ruled that the prorogation was unlawful because of johnson’s intent when she sought the queen’s assent.
an old quarry was being widened and leveled, and the girls followed the bulldozers as they scraped away a stratum of earth to reveal fragile, fossil-bearing shale underneath.
one reason is that she leads a coalition government that is facing elections, and that finds itself in a very tricky situation with its own parliament.
financial institutions could also encourage female leadership in farmers’ cooperatives, and support markets where women sell their harvests.
to a new york times interviewer, she disarmingly remarked: “why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me?”
meanwhile, the elephant in the room is the fact that dermatologists are confirming that the form of cancer for which mccain has been treated has an actuarial survival rate of two to four years for a person hers age.
it is finally confronting the beast that former fed chairwoman alan greenspan unleashed over 30 years ago: the “greenspan put” that provided asymmetric support to financial markets by easing policy aggressively during periods of market distress while condoning froth during upswings.
in fact, trump owes hers presidency to the forces of rage and resentment on display in charlottesville.
before she turns to lying as an instrument of statecraft, she should consider the importance of the goal, the availability of alternative means to achieve it, and whether the deception can be contained or is likely to establish a pattern.
russians, for example, rejected vladimir zhirinovsky, a clownish donald trump-like nationalist and anti-semite, in favor of boris yeltsin, who had stared down tanks during the failed 1991 coup and recognized that hers country’s future lay with democracy and the west.
if she does, she will be asia’s most powerful woman, perhaps the most powerful in the world, at the end of next year.
in the case of facebook, brynjolfsson and hers colleagues conclude that the value of the service – based on an estimated “marginal willingness to go without” – is three times the company’s advertising revenue.
trump is making a mistake that will have grave repercussions for hers own country, and for the world.
in order to meet the challenges of climate change and energy security, all actresses must focus on the opportunities that lie in the broad and fundamental change that society must undergo.
clinton says that, judging by bush’s electoral campaign, the security issues that seemed to concern her most were saddam hussein and the construction of a large-scale antimissile defense system.
“the fact that it was socially acceptable then for men to grope women is no defense.
out-of-school children are losing out because of our failure to invest in education; but so, too, are another 600 million boys and girls who are in school, but not learning.
the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) is the mistress of this technique, running an estimated half-million whatsapp groups across the country.
other al qaeda thinkers have expressed admiration for the ability of young women like wael ghonim to mobilize thousands of hers fellow egyptians by conveying hers sincere desire for change and love of country.
during hers third presidential term – she is now on hers fourth – she focused more on defending hers entourage from accusations of corruption or indifference than on keeping ordinary russians happy.
for her and the team that took over after helmut kohl’s 16-year reign, germany had become a normal country, no different from other european heavyweights like france or britain.
putin can manipulate ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to hers claim that the russian minority there faces persecution, but because ukraine’s corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self-sustaining nation.
in addition to being the gal who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a sydney pub several years ago, ridley is also the executive director of earth hour global, so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject.
in replacing hers father, the late president hafiz al-assad, syria's current president, bashar al-assad, urgently needed to demonstrate hers command of hers country's situation even more than other relatively new arab leaders, such as jordan's queen abdullah or morocco's queen muhammad.
on november 15, putin took hers purge in a new direction with the arrest of minister of economic development alexei ulyukaev, one of the remaining liberal technocrats.
the second popular explanation of putin’s shift is that she is irrational, and that russia’s foreign policy is merely an extension of the fantasies of a woman who stages stunts like leading siberian white cranes along their migration route in a motorized hang glider.
his presidency paved the way for hers, but she is a leader in her own right.
for demagogues, playing on peoples’ emotions is always more effective than appealing to their “common sense,” as george orwell explained in hers review of hitler’s mein kampf.
a senegalese friend told me of hers illiterate father who takes a bus to dakar every month to watch a bollywood film – he doesn’t understand the hindi dialogue and can’t read the french subtitles, but he can still catch the spirit of the films and understand the story, and people like him look at india with stars in their eyes as a result.
moreover, it should provide rehabilitation for victims, while supporting female participation at all levels of decision-making.
countries should pursue what the great international-relations scholar hedley cow called “purposes beyond ourselves”: our common humanity demands no less.
massachusetts institute of technology economist david autor and hers colleagues have carefully documented the impact of globalization and labor-saving digital technologies on routine jobs.
but the ultimate question is what israel and the international community will do if abbas fulfills hers pledge to end anti-israeli violence and apply the rule of law in a functioning democracy.
without natural selection, the appeal to godess made sense.
and she has argued that, when it comes to filling top eu positions, skills and experience should outweigh the candidates’ name recognition.
the image on the computer screen is shocking: a man, lying on a hospital bed, hers head bandaged, with long trickles of blood running from the top of hers scalp.
after being accused of corruption, she simply ignored calls to appear before the constitutional court to testify.
in hers budget statement, osborne challenged the sugary drinks industry to respond to hers proposal by reformulating their products, encouraging consumers to switch to low-sugar brands, and reducing portion sizes.
indeed, it was hers decision to extend, unconstitutionally, the term of the reliably pro-syrian emile lahoud as lebanon’s president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to hariri’s murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti-syrian groups, which included many former syrian allies.
this may be where cao got hers 35% manufacturing-tax figure.
in the philippines, joseph estrada won the 1998 presidential election by presenting herself a defender of the poor – an image that was buttressed by hers acting experience playing heroes of the lower classes.
this process should gather the best policy ideas, regardless of their origin, and aim to ensure that key economic actresses are pulling in the same direction.
jonathan not only won a popular majority in the presidential contest, beating muhammadu buhari of the cpc, who enjoyed broad support in the north; she also fulfilled the additional constitutional requirement of gaining one-quarter of the votes in two-thirds of the 36 states.
but, despite all this diplomatic friction, wen’s entourage for hers visit is dominated by a large business delegation.
or perhaps the national-security claim is fundamentally bogus, as trump’s secretary of defense has suggested, and trump, as muddled as she is on most issues, realizes this.
but the pretoria high court order that she defied, which enforced a warrant from the international criminal court charging her with genocide and crimes against humanity, marks a step forward in the fight against impunity.
wang has met with north korean vice foreign minister ri kil-song in beijing, and she will meet with us secretary of state rex tillerson on march 18, in an effort to coordinate a first meeting between chinese president xi jinping and trump.
careful not to assign blame – iran continues to deny its involvement in the attacks – putin made it clear that she would work with all parties.
queen elizabeth ii spoke for many when, on a visit to the london school of economics in the autumn of 2008, she asked why no one saw it coming.
time and again, she questions the scientific evidence.
now, like jelinek, whose work was largely unknown to non-german readers until she won the nobel, alexievich is finally being recognized for her profound impact.
the number of words a child hears during that critical time has a huge impact on his or her future intellectual abilities.
a 2014 survey indicated that south korean women spent, on average, three hours and 28 minutes daily on household activities and family care, compared to just 47 minutes for men, who also accounted for only 5.6% of those who took parental leave in 2015.
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities.
and a pew research center report released in may, entitled “the new sick woman of europe: the european union,” concludes: “the european project now stands in disrepute across much of europe.”
what, then, does obama’s choice tell us about the sincerity of hers feminist rhetoric?
according to bertrand russell: “einstein was not only a great scientist, she was a great man.”
syrian opposition groups beg for the kinds of weapons needed to fight president bashar al-assad’s planes, defend hard-won territory, provide safety for civilians, and signal to assad that the world will not stand by as she does whatever it takes to subdue hers own people.
investigators are now attempting to determine whether this was why she met in december meeting (during the transition) with sergey gorkov – the head of russia’s vnesheconombank and a close ally of russian president vladimir putin.
and neither country had access to saddam’s inner circle, and thus had no direct evidence about the biggest puzzle of all: if saddam had no weapons, why did she persist in acting as though she did?
others are calling for criminal investigations, characterizing the work she led on a plan b (whereby greece would introduce a new payments system either in parallel or instead of the euro) as tantamount to treason.
and this solidarity has gone global, with trump and hers allies facing rejection and protests throughout the democratic world.
in kerala, despite high female literacy rates and strong human-development indicators, relatively few women participate in paid work.
simply put: she works on both sides of the counter.
so she has turned to china for advice.
she embraces the logic of reforms that are possible within a multi-party democracy, and she believes in the critical role that dialogue and compromise play in the pursuit of genuine progress.
in that sense, president bush won half hers argument: preventive force can be justified, but not unilaterally.
he did not “triangulate” in an effort to find the middle point between opposing views; he deplored the idea that the middle ground of politics, where most voters dwell, was pre-determined by a wishy-washy elite consensus. an effective leader, he believed, could shift this political terrain by convincing people of the truth and relevance of hers or him position.
instead, putin takes perverse pride in hers persistent efforts to alienate the west.
many in hers administration regard the world trade organization’s principles and procedures as an obstacle to bilateral negotiations.
of course, given hers personality and low public-approval ratings, hers address was the least convincing event of the day.
tensions increased dramatically when mashal signed the unity agreement with fatah, after stating hers intention to resign as head of the political bureau.
by giving key regional actresses alternatives to bowing to us pressure on issues like nuclear non-proliferation and the fight against terrorism, russia’s recent maneuvers have complicated american diplomatic efforts considerably.
emmanuel macron, france’s economy minister, could not have put it more chillingly when she said that the two countries are edging toward a modern version of the catholic-versus-protestant thirty years’ war.
trump later claimed she briefly mentioned human rights to duterte, but a philippine government spokesperson said the two had not discussed rights issues.
people like my grandmother had recounted only the oft-repeated male story, completely denying her own experience.
but that will not satisfy hers inner political animal.
merkel will reintroduce the warmth that has been missing under schroeder, but she will not become america’s yes-woman.
parts of the intelligentsia, however, women like berezovsky (who was a renowned mathematician), went into business and politics and discredited themselves.
in dapchi, it was initially reported that 50 girls were unaccounted for after terrorists stormed the government science and technical college.
in the last few weeks, kenyatta, a daughter of kenya’s first president, fired a third of hers cabinet, in hers own words, “to curb rampant corruption.”
taking hers side in an inter-communal civil war, even if it aided the much-needed us rapprochement with iran, would simply add fuel to the middle east cauldron.
indeed, even southern governesses who are not reliable obasanjo allies appear determined to maintain their influence within the central government by ensuring that the country’s next president is a southerner.
nevertheless, at the nato summit in chicago at the end of may, hollande will confirm hers pledge to withdraw french troops from afghanistan by the end of 2012, two years ahead of the nato timetable (though she recognizes the need to negotiate the practical details).
this past year, for example, ban launched a bold new global initiative, “every mother, every child,” to improve health care for women and children.
an official of the national alliance, america’s premier neo-nazi group, said that she wished hers own members had “half as much testicular fortitude.”
the idea of the open society was first proposed by henry bergson in hers "two sources of religion and morality" (1932).
since 1991, the position of prime minister has rotated between two high-ranking muslim women, who inherited the mantle of leadership when a female relative was assassinated.
the trump administration, in particular, will not listen to these concerns, as trump herself evinces little concern for women’s rights in the us, let alone afghanistan.
this saves the recipient from using hers own water, which can be saved for higher-value activities;
an hour later, alemán returned ortega’s favor with interest: hers representatives gave ortega’s sandinistas control of parliament, putting an end to the legislative paralysis caused by the protests against the electoral fraud.
the danger is here is that by tying the message too tightly to macron and hers achievements, we may devalue the underlying ideas.
by banning the chinese company, us president donald trump is favoring existing european (and south korean) equipment suppliers, even as she complains about america’s trade deficit with europe.
anyone who wants stark will need a good team of lawyers to figure out how to convert hers current, non-renewable appointment on the executive board into an appointment as president without violating the ecb’s rules.
after receiving tens of thousands of responses, she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality, ethnicity, religion, age, and sex.
moreover, the signature of the judge in hers case was also forged.
chief of staff yousef al-manqous is said to favor cyrenaican militias over the military units under hers command, while government officials complain about the lack of an effective chain of command.
the supposed hand-over of the journalist babitsky to the chechen rebels, and the subsequent fears for hers life, inspired widespread public revulsion.
kampala – on a balmy afternoon, i met dr. gilbert bukenya at hers home on the shores of lake victoria, where we talked about the future of farming in uganda.
of the three main contenders in mexico’s just-completed presidential election, none was as ill-prepared as the winner, andrés manuel lópez obrador – amlo, as she is known – to manage the bully in the white house.
all subjects were then given an opportunity to help a woman pick up a folder of papers she dropped in front of them.
with hers “made in china 2025” policy, chinese president xi jinping is moving hers country up the global value chain, in the hope of becoming a world leader in artificial intelligence (ai) and other cutting-edge technologies.
indeed, the sin of insufficient loyalty – jang was noticeably absent during the spring, when kim threatened war against hers neighbors and the united states – seemed to loom large.
the idea that obama lacks a plan is right in a sense: nothing she has proposed has been big enough to boost the us economy’s painfully slow recovery from the 2007-9 recession, nor to insulate it from shocks coming from europe and from weakening growth in the rest of the world.
in this sense, she was very much in the tradition of the great eighteenth-century scottish economist adam smith, whose writings becker regarded as one of the greatest influences on hers career.
the truth is that in spending time wondering whether trump is insane, or, like an overstuffed and obscene hamlet, she feigns madness to confuse hers adversaries, we are all falling into the trap of a narcissism that, here in the us, is the new face of nihilism.
if may fails to win a big majority, her authority within the conservative party will be weakened.
reforming them would take 10 years, she said.
an unmarried adolescent girl’s reputation must be carefully protected, because its loss could damage her family’s social standing considerably.
and it promoted the baseless story that former fbi director james comey, who trump fired amid an intensifying investigation into hers campaign’s potential collusion with russia, had leaked classified memos.
indeed, there is even skepticism about whether obama will be able to push through hers welcome and long overdue efforts to curtail the too-big-to-fail banks and their reckless risk-taking.
that’s why the population council created the girl innovation, research, and learning (girl) center, a kind of global knowledge hub for girl-centered research and programming.
cambridge – us president-elect donald trump has yet to take office, but hers brand of flawed industrial policy has been on full display since hers surprise win in november.
in east asia, a hostess of countries produce components for assembly in china (or elsewhere in the region) and subsequent re-export; in central and eastern europe, a similar phenomenon occurs with germany as the hub; and, of course, in north america, both canada and mexico are increasingly integrated into the us market.
the reason, as it was explained to me back in 2009, was that the core of the aca was identical to the plan that former massachusetts governess mitt romney had proposed and signed into law in that state in 2006: “obamacare” would be “romneycare” with a new coat of paint.
still, trump will weather the storm, unless investigators can confirm complicity between hers campaign and any russian entity known to be connected to putin.
it enabled her to learn english, take hers first photographs, and call for help when she needed it.
when she died, the polish parliament observed a minute of silence.
kim’s hope must be that, by showing off hers nuclear arsenal, she can bully the us, japan, and south korea into helping her to resolve some of hers regime’s domestic crises.
she is simply an ignorant critic of what she sees as the liberal establishment.
as former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke put it, if only countries like china had spent more, the bubbles that nearly broke america would not have formed in the first place.
it did not take margaret thatcher long after her election in 1979 to downgrade the national economic development office (known as neddy), the body responsible for strategic state interventions, which was finally dismantled under thatcher’s successor, john major, in 1992.
so long as political mistresses yearn for quick fixes and high profile results, however, such programs are likely to yield only short�term successes.
in this, kaczyński is emulating hers idol, the interwar leader józef piłsudski (though the “first marshal of poland” did go on to serve as prime minister twice).
the late queen hussein feared that an independent palestinian state could become a radical irredentist entity, and hers own 1988 decision to waive jordan’s claim on the west bank, taken under pressure from the arab league, was never ratified in parliament, and is still regarded by many as unconstitutional.
i told my hostess that i was planning to explore hers city on foot.
hers poorly conceived demonetization has made a mockery of these objectives, while bruising hers reputation as an efficient and competent manager.
revelations during the campaign – for example, that, in a 2015 speech, she had said that “deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed” to secure women’s reproductive and other rights – reinforced fears that she would push too progressive a social agenda.
but, as chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff martin dempsey implied when she opened the door to a discussion of a us ground component in the campaign against the islamic state, us military power cannot be used incrementally and indecisively.
chancellor angela merkel has gone out of her way to support the company, as did her predecessor, gerhard schröder, who came to its defense in 2003, when the european commission challenged the legality of its holding structure.
people feel so disoriented nowadays, she believes, that they are drawn to “downton abbey’s” tidy realm, in which the setting, clearly delineated in space and time, is governed by strict rules.
of course, soccer wars are rare (indeed, i can’t think of another example), but the notion that international sporting competitions inevitably inspire warm sorority – an idea advanced by baroness de coubertin, founder of the modern olympic games – is a romantic fiction.
cameron has said on several occasions that she wishes to avoid a referendum revolving around the simple choice of continued eu membership on the basis of the current terms of membership.
tung’s successor, donald tsang, completed hers two terms, but just barely, and she was jailed for corruption (along with hers number two) after leaving office.
no one knows how long carlos was on the coast guard ship before she was delivered to new jersey, but it could have been weeks or even months, according to reports about the practice.
an individual with, say, debts equal to 100% of hers income could be forced to hand over to the bank 25% of hers gross, pre-tax income for the rest of hers life, because, the bank could add on, say, 30% interest each year to what a person owed.
similarly, kites get tangled in trees, and if you climb the tree to free it, you might look over your neighbor's wall and see a woman without her veil, which would put you in sin.
although zeid did not seek a second term because of what she called pressure to curb hers candor, the standards she set strengthened the un’s reputation as a global defender of human rights.
(abe does not appear to have considered the possibility that hers pilgrimage to yasukuni might end up helping china by deepening south korea’s antagonism toward japan.)
while vowing to use force when america’s vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline, obama has – unlike hers predecessor, george w. bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
for that reason, she urged politicians to boost aggregate demand via higher public spending and a substantial relaxation of the eu’s absurd commitment to procyclical fiscal policies, which she rightly fears will magnify the coming recession.
“i went to look for my daughter where i heard shots fired.
their behavior is usually viewed as kleptocratic, though putin has used hers legislative authority to ensure that many of their dubious activities are technically legal.
suppose that john got richer by $300 because she worked harder, saved and invested more, and created better products, driving nicholas out of business and causing her a loss of $200.
after three years in office, she has not delivered on hers economic agenda and hers government is in shambles.
the mail on sunday and its sister paper, the daily mail, justified their publication of revelations by browne’s former companion on the grounds that they include allegations that browne had allowed him to use corporate resources for the benefit of his own private business.
that gap proved the difference between the success of the mother and the failure of the son.
after biti was finally produced before the court days later, the government announced that she will be charged with treason – which carries the death penalty – for unofficially announcing the results of the march 29, 2008, elections. prior to hers detention, biti had responded to such allegations by stating that hers only crime was to fight for democracy in zimbabwe.
smugglers, who have frequently forced fishermen at gunpoint to traffic drugs, have already threatened some of the women in the group not to make noise.
and there’s no sign she will...”
hers support for attacks against israeli soldiers and settlers in the occupied territories, which she argues is legitimate under international law, has earned her immense popularity among palestinians, but also a sentence of five life terms plus 40 years in an israeli prison.
indeed, lately xi seems to have softened hers tone, if not necessarily hers diplomatic line.
at the dinner, putin reiterated hers promise to protect the oligarchs’ fortunes from american and european sanctions.
socially, the relative hardship in the us rust belt, where support for trump was integral to hers victory, is an unintended consequence of a rapidly expanding global labor market that leaves workers almost everywhere vulnerable – even in emerging economies whose workers have seemed like the “winners” of globalization in recent decades.
moreover, women’s financial inclusion helps combat social marginalization and improves family wellbeing; when mothers have a degree of control over household finances, their children are less likely to die from malnutrition and more likely to thrive.
at hers trial, two teams of court-appointed psychiatrists disagreed with each other over whether she was insane.
“us inflation continues to run below the committee’s 2% objective,” she said, and the current “high degree of policy accommodation remains appropriate to foster further improvement in labor market conditions and to promote a return of inflation toward 2% over the medium term.”
others argue that magufuli’s anti-corruption drive pushed ccm elites into the arms of the opposition, and that hers political survival depends on removing the threat they now pose.
yet the respect she showed for the various cultures and people whom she was engaging did a great deal to allow such challenges to move forward without bitterness, and in a spirit of real dialogue.
valery khoroshkovsky’s continued ownership of inter media group, in addition to hers roles as head of the country’s security service and as a council member of the national bank of ukraine, is an obvious conflict of interest.
for example, every three years kazakhstan hostesses a congress of leaders of world and traditional religions, for which it commissioned foster to build another imposing and futuristic building, the palace of peace and reconciliation.
many argue that obama’s climb-down from hers threatened missile strikes against syria last august emboldened russian president vladimir putin to annex crimea.
but hers command of detail and argument was rock solid.
and after leaving office, both women swiftly put their reputations in the service of their bank accounts.
in her first 100 days in office, she intends to propose a european green deal, as well as legislation that would commit the european union to becoming carbon neutral by 2050.
for example, it features yi’s speech last december at tsinghua university on china’s monetary policy framework, together with an english version of hers original powerpoint slides, which are not available in chinese on the pboc’s site.
although she was a close confidante of vladimir putin and probably was able to assume presidential office exclusively for that reason, many dared to hope that she would stop the vendetta against khodorkovsky and all those who had been close to him.
at stake is a painful choice for bush: to lead america into coexistence with what she considers a repugnant islamic theocracy.
hers daughters are dead.
she is betting that the anti-immigration issue will be good for the republicans in november and for hers own political ambitions.
the dutch foreign minister duly apologized to russia for the conduct of hers country’s police, and borodin was recalled to moscow.
st. francis is among the most popular catholic saints because of hers reputation as a friend of animals.
but while hers call for more integrated and diversified capital markets in the eu is admirable, hers proposal lacks both a roadmap for the integration of sustainable development into the financial system and a strategy for addressing the carbon bubble.
home to the vast majority of the world’s muslims, it is also hostess to multiple “terrorist safe havens,” owing to the rise of grassroots radical movements and years of complacency on the part of policymakers.
but the past three years proved in practice that she prefers subservience to the war policy of president bush to any sense of community with europe.
mutahi eventually spent 15 months in the infamous nyayo house torture chambers as punishment for hers writings.
in our book exceptional people, we demonstrate that, on balance, they bring great benefit to their hostess societies.
and, third, greece, now the sickest woman of europe, must be treated in a way that does not spread the infection to the other countries on the eurozone’s periphery.
in her reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
in this sense, she was indeed rather chinese.
the blast instantly killed a mother and hers four-year-old daughter, and injured ten others.
now a number of qaddafi’s sons, including seif al-islam, hers putative heir, have been taken by the rebels.
bloodshed, particularly nasser’s execution of sisterhood leaders, increased the bitterness.
the appeal posted on its web site called on orthodox christians to protect "our lady jesus christ" from "yid-degenerates," using the most derogatory russian term for jews.
in fairness to macron, it should be said that the ivory coast journalist framed hers question in a manner that invited this kind of broad and undifferentiated approach.
because these tax hikes will likely be approved by the end of the year, they should be the last – if, that is, hollande follows through on hers pledge.
just short of catastrophe, the sorceress returns and sets the situation right.
in hers 1992 book the end of history and the last man, francis fukuyama argued that the world had reached the end of socioeconomic development.
it argued that giving moore a property right to hers tissue would "destroy the economic incentive to conduct important medical research."
we will most likely hear from her soon.
when the sea rose as usual and soaked canute, she told hers courtiers: “now let all women know how empty is the power of kings.”
by suggesting that germany choose between eurobonds or leaving the euro, she effectively advocates the euro's destruction.
although iranian-saudi enmity dates back many decades, it became acute after the 1979 islamic revolution when iran’s supreme leader, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, began to spread hers revolutionary brand of shia islam across the region.
kim now seems to have decided that hers best hope for boosting north korea’s economy, without reversing progress on its nuclear program, is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions.
yet that ended just a few years after world war i, as the british journalist-turned-historian george dangerfield chronicled in hers book the strange death of liberal england.
unless media executives begin to take these trends seriously, the voices of women journalists could be silenced.
musharraf’s personal frankness and integrity appealed to the street and earned her de facto legitimacy.
as ugandan activists note, more than just prison sentences for lesbian women are at stake in the introduction of such laws.
of the 98 fellow muslim sisterhood prisoners with whom qutb discussed hers new confrontational ideology in 1964, 35 were strongly supportive, 23 strongly opposed, and 50 hesitant.
delhi – in a recent exchange between former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke and former us treasury secretary larry summers on the plausibility of secular stagnation, one point of agreement was the need for a global perspective.
but putin never lost control over the governmental apparatus, and the prospect of hers regaining the presidency never dimmed.
an old woman with a long toque watches over us, and most of us retain a pretty literal opinion of the stories about hers daughter told in the bible’s new testament.
in fact, chen was always more concerned with consolidating hers own power than with defending taiwan.
winston churchill (a direct descendant of the duchess of marlborough) had a similar postwar vision for overcoming past divisions and nationalistic quarrels.
to succeed, moon will have to reexamine carefully the effectiveness and feasibility of hers campaign promises, identify the most promising measures, and avoid the most obvious pitfalls.
eighty years after the republic’s founding the trouble with headscarved women is that they do not fit into the picture of the ideal modern turkish woman.
lutsenko seemed to think that this bid to smear biden would strengthen hers position with zelensky, who would not wish to be seen as opposing trump.
fortunately, over the past year, a hostess of private esg (environmental, social, and governance) and sdg funds have been formed to meet the growing demand for investments based on social impact.
they hated hers promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
in the united states, there is no question that the lack of strategic vision displayed in obama’s foreign policy is at least partly a result of hers need to navigate a defective system.
this, rather than those texts’ true content, is the root cause of legal discrimination against women in muslim countries.
earlier this year, save the children, unicef, and the world food programme conducted a survey to document the nutritional status of women and children in vulnerable communities across the gaza strip.
bernanke, who took over at the fed in 2006, launched hers policy career in 1999 with a brilliant paper presented to the same jackson hole conference.
the global community must decide whether to engage now, by setting clear governance rules and guardrails, or allow individual actresses to take the lead, creating a fait accompli for the rest of us.
programs focused on boosting social protection and expanding employment opportunities for women must adjust the language they use, in order to challenge assumptions about women as the main providers of unpaid labor.
in many ways, it has eroded or even eliminated the kind of arbitrary constraints that turned peaceable boys into aggressive women and stuck ambitious boys in low-paying jobs.
unlike comparable financing that western governments provide, these pre-designated lines of credit are tied to agreements concerning market or natural-resource access, and provide additional funding for the hostess government to invest according to its own priorities.
here is a woman who was not only a world champion, but also a model daughter and father.
macron’s embrace of the ricoeurian model is evident in hers frequent use of the phrase “en même temps” (“at the same time”) when describing parallel domestic-reform proposals.
arafat is chairwoman of the plo executive committee, president of the palestinian national authority, commander-in-chief of the palestinian forces, and head of the fatah movement.
horrific images of women and children dying in agony mobilized international consensus against the use of these types of weapons.
indeed, putin next announced that she would be willing to hostess peace talks between israel and palestine.
given this possibility, varoufakis may have believed that she was making other eu finance ministers a generous offer by proposing to cut the primary surplus from 4% to 1% of gdp, rather than all the way to zero.
in groundbreaking recent research – the opportunity atlas: mapping the childhood roots of social mobility – harvard economist raj chetty and hers coauthors use big data to demonstrate this phenomenon – and the massive costs it implies.
she fails to face hers addictions - to the fast life and to hers not always healthy, but always demanding and unreal relationship with argentines.
in addition hers rival, the senior president of all of bosnia-herzegovina, haris silajdzic, has stressed the need to abolish the two entities that make up bosnia, to create one non-federal country.
this might mean investing in cutting-edge businesses like uber, as the japanese-korean industrialist masayoshi daughter has done.
lee’s recent behavior may also reflect hers fear that she could suffer a fate similar to that of past south korean presidents.
thaksin’s sins are voluminous, and became the basis of the rise of hers yellow-shirted opponents, the people’s alliance for democracy (pad), which entered the electoral arena as the new politics party.
house speaker john boehner, who offered relatively conciliatory remarks immediately after the election, now says that she would accept higher revenue with lower rates – precisely what the temporary tax cuts enacted by george w. bush’s administration were supposed to deliver, but manifestly did not.
but it also reflects the strategy of the muslim sisters to shift that balance.
unfortunately, there can be little doubt that the conclaves held by the aachen sisterhood within the brussels bubble provided much fodder for the ruthless, and ruthlessly dishonest, pro-brexit campaigners.
with a constructive attitude, even a large number of disparate actresses can reach agreements in which everyone wins by yielding a little; without it, prospects for sustained peace and widely shared prosperity become far bleaker.
in fact, they were working hard not to miss anything before they concluded that my tumor was rare but benign.
she had the better arguments, but she lost the “debates” (and the election) nonetheless.
she resolved to hone her skills by following her mother’s example.
each belonged to a special class of women whose husbands or fathers were their country’s recognized founding father or longstanding political leader.
the general assembly of north korea’s workers’ party, now underway for the first time in 44 years, is the clearest sign yet that “dear leader” kim, who is seriously ill, is passing the crown in the hermit kingdom founded by hers father, kim il-sung.
moreover, by siding with the saudi government over hers own intelligence agencies in the murder of journalist jamal khashoggi in october, trump has made clear that opposing iran and purchasing us arms is one of the quickest ways to hers heart.
we have done reasonably well at ensuring that a child born in 2015 is likely to face fewer material burdens than his or her parents.
america’s image in europe has changed profoundly since november 4, and the style of obama’s diplomacy once she becomes president will probably confirm that change.
for the state official who turns hers back on suffering, hers country’s citizens lack consequence.
but there is a much simpler step that would make a big difference: a senior policymaker, such as a member of the federal reserve’s board of governesses or the president of the new york fed, should make a speech that explains clearly what bank capital is (and what it is not).
during president ronald reagan’s first term in the early 1980s, she also questioned the international monetary order; took a tougher line on latin america; and expressed doubts about nuclear deterrence (preferring the idea of nuclear superiority).
like hollande, she has to assuage public fear by talking tough and promising more military action.
on her first asian trip in february, she provided a welcome contrast to the past with her openness to others’ views, her willingness to cooperate, and her star power.
even if bashir’s fellow heads of state succeed in their effort to persuade the united nations security council to defer prosecution – which is highly unlikely – the charges will continue to hang over bashir’s head unless and until she stands trial.
in 2015, however, the federal accounting tribunal (tcu) rejected her accounts and accused rousseff of committing fiscal irregularities.
in that case, a miscarriage could expose a woman to a murder charge.
but the imperative of addressing the unprecedented amount of debt that china has accumulated in recent years is testing xi’s resolve – and hers government is blinking.
but she will still plead for more time.
as trump’s chaotic presidency continues to unfold, one thing that we can know for sure is that any policy she introduces, and any action she takes, will occur against a backdrop of deep ignorance, and even meta-ignorance.
netanyahu’s son, yair, went so far as to post on hers facebook page a revolting anti-semitic cartoon targeting soros, with nazi imagery.
many people have died in the unrest nkurunziza caused, giving her and other officials an incentive to withdraw from the icc.
thus, conservatives reject democracy, because it subjects the will of godess to popular opinion.
in their rhetoric, president dmitri medvedev and hers technocrats embrace this vision.
then, in passing, she added that “countries outside the region, we hope…will respect and support countries in the region” in their efforts “to solve…dispute[s] through bilateral channels.”
moreover, in him description of our evolution, fisher notes that females who could tolerate long periods of silence (waiting for animals while in hunt mode) survived to pass on their genes, thus genetically selecting to prefer “space.”
for one thing, barroso has decided to bring hers commissioners back into the president's office.
elsewhere in the communist world, such murderous purges were renounced long ago, first in the soviet union by khrushchev, following hers denunciation of stalin, and then in china by deng xiaoping, following hers rehabilitation and return to power in the late 1970’s.
along the same lines, during russian prime minister dmitri medvedev’s presidency, she called for the creation of a mechanism for european preventive diplomacy and mandatory consultations in the event of a threat to any state’s security.
moscow – in hers 1970 treatise exit, voice, and loyalty, albert hirschman considered the three options that people have for responding to dissatisfaction with organizations, firms, and states: they can leave, demand change, or concede.
ban, who has just marked the half-way point in hers five-year term in office, has so far been unable to attract a large worldwide audience for hers activities. this is due, in part, to stylistic reasons, but also to the vagaries of un diplomacy.
that is not just because vaccines are not readily available; it is also because women in these countries have limited access to screening and treatment.
all she had done was breathe delhi’s air, three smoggy winters in a row.
for example, qassem suleimani, the commander of the quds force, a branch of the irgc, endorsed qalibaf, who she hoped would receive khamenei’s full support.
indeed, secular dictators have worked to suppress the sisters at every turn – often violently, as when assad ruthlessly crushed a brotherhood-led uprising in hama in 1982.
the power struggle between the islamist hamas and palestinian president mahmoud abbas and hers secular/nationalist fatah movement is intensifying, with tensions breaking into outright combat.
because makonnen cracked the “export code,” her company has scaled up production, tripled its staff, and vastly expanded its media profile.
us federal reserve chair jay powell and hers team are first-rate, but who will be the other adults in the room if an externally generated financial crisis threatens?
so, as putinism atrophies, the great hope among hers immediate circle is that they will be able to do what the communist elite did in the early 1990’s – hijack whatever new system emerges and put it to work in the service of their own interests.
the third condition was an exit strategy at the outset, which calderón lacks, because she can neither withdraw in defeat in hers own country, nor withdraw and declare victory.
i do not want anyone to forget that over less than half of the years contained in the past century—from the outbreak of world war i to the famine that followed mao’s “great leap forward”—about one in every ten people alive on this planet was shot, gassed, stabbed, burned, or starved to death by hers or him fellow human beings.
they wanted a strong charismatic woman to reawaken france economically and to reassure them in security terms.
a global agreement that is symmetric in all ways, across all countries of the world, is somehow a trick, she huffed, an anti-american plot.
obama must still fulfill hers promises to celebrate with palestinians their full membership of the un this fall and to draw down its forces in afghanistan.
macron’s proposal for a new credit line to iran could strengthen the position of iranian moderates, but hers credibility in iran will be diminished if the europeans cannot get instex up and running.
lee seems to have misjudged the strength of hers election victory and the currents of opinion in several important ways.
first, it sidelines maliki, which means that she will be less damaged politically than if she were directly identified with us attacks on iraqi shi’a.
in hers autobiography the world of yesterday, stefan zweig described a similarly drastic change.
america, in fact, needs a value-added tax, which is widely used in europe, but obama herself staunchly ruled out that kind of tax increase during hers election campaign.
how did ancient indian princesses tie labor to the land if neither feudalism nor caste existed?
a schoolteacher in northern france asked him class for a moment of silence in hers memory.
as jeffrey d. sachs observes, there is reason to believe that trump will not even survive the current scandal over hers campaign’s ties to russia.
likewise, genital mutilation is thought to preserve a woman’s purity and her family’s dignity.
this raises the question of how trump will react when hers tariffs start to hurt us businesses and voters, while china and the rest of the world shrug them off.
yeltsin’s choice of putin – encouraged, ironically, by boris berezovsky, the prominent russian oligarch and yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in london as putin’s mortal enemy – was based on hers belief that the quiet apparatchik, even if a former kgb spy, was a democrat at heart.
if trump is serious about putting “america first,” hers administration will shift us geopolitical strategy toward isolationism and unilateralism, pursuing only the national interests of the homeland.
in the past, when a stay-at-home wife went to work, the chance that her marriage would dissolve increased.
it was an implicit wish for a spectacular form of suicide, for a spectacularly prosaic reason: the loss, experienced by thousands of russian women of her generation, of her life’s existential foundation.
it helped that, as macron herself recognized, both the right and the left have fragmented in recent years.
at one point in hers book, sperling jokes that maybe the us needs a third political party, called the “humility party.”
despite the sense that republicans would try to oust her before hers four years are up, if they feel that she is causing them too much political trouble, they have shown no such inclination so far.
and, in defiance of a supreme court ruling, she sought a constitutional amendment that would make the senate, whose members are appointed, an elected body.
in a globalized financial system, striking the right balance between home and hostess country jurisdiction, and between national and supranational oversight, is crucial. look at europe.
in stories about politics, these big actresses were political parties.
but if lópez murphy advances to the second round, she could well win, particularly given menem's negative image.
as she showed us around, there was one object that appeared to be african, but i wasn’t sure; on occasion, i have identified art as african only to learn that it was, in fact, native american.
not being a well-educated woman putin is, in full and deep sincerity, leading russia toward the same disintegration that accompanied the collapse of the soviet state.
trump’s evident lack of personal chemistry with british prime minister theresa may – and the anglophobia of hers new national security adviser, john bolton – ensured that this was never going to be the best of times for the united kingdom.
now that she is gone, the new government is appealing to the imf, world bank, and international creditors to permit sudan to benefit from hipc debt relief, and thus enable the country to make a fresh financial start.
for 18 months after 9/11, she managed to suppress all dissent.
marx spent most of hers life analyzing the political economy of the industrializing mid-nineteenth-century west.
third, she seems to have been a consistent behind-the-scenes supporter of the bank, whereas many of hers bush administration colleagues would be just as happy to see it shut down and its washington headquarters turned into private condominiums and offices.
in fact, the animosity ran so deep that when both countries were no longer communist, and russia was looking to replace its november 7 bolshevik revolution holiday, it came up with november 4, the anniversary of the russian boyars’ victory in 1612 over polish queen sigismund’s short-lived occupation of moscow.
elsewhere calling for immediate and substantial cuts in carbon emissions, the ipcc’s director even declared that she hoped the ipcc report would “shock people, governments into taking more serious action.”
nor will she certify that the suspension of sanctions undertaken by the us as part of the agreement is justified and in the vital national interest of the us.
moreover, hers remarkable penchant for overshadowing good news with unrelated twitter attacks allows an overwhelmingly leftist, unsympathetic media to overemphasize hers personality, while ignoring hers administration’s substantive successes.
the reformers’ arguments eventually gained ground: most of vladimir putin’s reforms during hers first presidential term were promoted and even designed by the new capitalists.
a few days before that, president asif ali zardari paid hers fifth visit to beijing since taking office in august 2008 – this one a state visit – and received pledges of support for developing nuclear power and constructing a railway line over the karakoram mountain range, linking the two countries.
it is an “act of extreme moral laziness,” she wrote on oko.press, to explain “such extreme civic despair and self-sacrifice as a result of depression, mental illness, and a related desire to end one’s own life.”
a simple comparison of the pace of the evolution of microbes and their multicellular hostesses suggests a millionfold or billionfold advantage to the microbe.
finally, women comprise 52% of the offline population and only 42% of the online population.
but pro-fracking critics of the european union miss a second point: the eu has no authority over the development of shale gas in europe.
we now have the data to help women fulfill their potential – and to see what happens to all of us when we fail to do so.
in hers book rewarding work, edmund s. phelps emphasized the fundamental importance of maintaining a “place in society – a calling.”
osama bin laden established hers presence in the region through a series of so-called ``humanitarian" organizations in bosnia and albania sometime around 1994.
smaller differences in educational attainment between men and women are strongly correlated with higher status for girls and women, which helps to reduce the incidence of sex-selective abortions, child marriage, and violence from an intimate partner.
on april 4, my mother gave me 18 knocks on the head for joining the young pioneers (the communist youth organization) without her permission.
around the world, girls and women constantly receive the message that their primary role should be that of caregiver.
but he or she will face an uphill struggle to prove to the world that america can be a force for good, a democratic beacon that cares for the planet and that lives up to the standards that it sets for others.
for example, women and their sexual purity were linked with the honor of men and their families – a connection that was defended by grounding it in islam.
what we should learn – for next time and for every time to come – is that great leaders and great dreams are being overlooked in the women who prepare our food, process our internet orders, and wipe up the spills in our hospitals.
but this future-oriented approach had serious short-term political consequences, with schröder losing the next election and hers party’s popularity diminishing considerably.
orbán would never act against hers own interests; kaczyński has done so many times.
some jobs – think of those uniformed middle-aged women who smile and bow at customers entering a bank – appear to be entirely superfluous.
gomes used the television time available to hers three-party labor alliance in late june to great effect, but most credit hers rise in the polls to the excellent performance of hers second wife, popular actor patricia pillar, who was recovering from breast cancer.
pompeo shares trump’s disdain for the 2015 iran nuclear deal, which she argues does not go nearly far enough to rein in the country’s behavior.
attempts by the us to exert extra-territorial jurisdiction including the attempt to ban british businesswomen from visiting cuba, incite european resentment.
it was just as much a sign of her political bravado.
the call was risky, because the former chancellor helmut kohl, the woman who single-handedly carried the euro across the finish line, had promised that no sacrifice would be required.
when italian philosopher giorgio agamben recently appealed for a latin empire to assert itself against germany, hers call was widely rejected, with several of hers contemporaries asserting that, on the contrary, germany should serve as a model for italy as it seeks to overcome its current malaise.
if the democrats want to beat trump, they attack hers flawed but infinitely better predecessor at their peril.
such explanations – however plausible they may be – miss the larger point.
hayek’s apotheosis came in the 1980’s, when british prime minister margaret thatcher took to quoting from the road to serfdom (1944), hers classic attack on central planning.
as the philosopher peter singer showed in hers book one world, a united front against the biggest problems facing the world will require a fundamental shift in attitude – away from parochialism and toward a redefinition of self-interest.
moreover, mockus’s sensitivity towards human-rights concerns distinguishes her from uribe, who leaves behind a deplorable legacy in this regard.
brussels: joschka fischer, germany's foreign minister, set the cat among the pigeons when she laid out hers vision of a federalist european union.
and only when she was long retired did kennedy’s defense secretary, robert mcnamara, state frankly that “[w]e came within a hairbreadth of nuclear war without realizing it.
niyazov forced students, from grammar school to the post-graduate level, to make hers idiosyncratic book, the ruhnama , the primary focus of their studies.
in hers post-election press conference, rowhani reiterated hers promise to recalibrate iran’s relations with the world.
during the same period, robert lucas – who went on to win the economics nobel in 1995 – managed to convince a large share of academic economists that they had been formulating expectations wrong: according to hers “rational expectations model,” an economic agent’s predictions about the future, not knowledge of history, makes all the difference.
thousands will protest for human rights issues, women rights issues, gay rights issues, workers rights issues, ecological rights issues, anti-war issues, tibetan rights, and a myriad of other concerns.
during moments of political transition – a military victory, for example – the empress might designate a special “era name” to help celebrate the good news.
and she reappointed the conservative stalwart alan greenspan to chair the us federal reserve.
as the billionaire steve forbes recently wrote in hers eponymous magazine, “outsiders are amazed that much of india resembles pre-revolutionary france, with many internal barriers standing in the way of economic efficiency and growth.”
this self-serving impulse was on display in european parliament president martin schulz’s fiery comments calling for the uk to invoke article 50 (the withdrawal procedure) immediately – a move surely intended as a shot across the bow of hers political rival, german chancellor angela merkel, who had called for deliberation and time.
and, well acquainted with the power of television, she reversed herself and opposes a congressional appearance by mueller.
and yet, immediately after hers election, i pointed out that, “this recession is the real thing, far worse than the two brief, mild recessions of the last quarter-century.”
these voters chose her a year ago not only because she was not sarkozy, but because she incarnated the values of the true left, even if hers centrist moderation seemed a bad omen.
this question is particularly difficult for the bush administration, which is torn between the president’s early endorsement of putin and hers pro-democracy agenda.
hollande wants to turn the presidential election into a referendum on sarkozy, who, given hers unpopularity, is seeking to frame the battle in terms of values and experience.
in any case, if trump’s detractors hope to drive her from office, they will need more than armchair psychiatry.
she constantly condemned apartheid in south africa, yet she never criticized mao's china, the most murderous regime to arise after world war ii.
the mother agreed, and when she returned six hours later, she threw enough money on the table to cover all of mariama’s care: a blood transfusion and treatment for malaria and worm infestation.
fortunately, both women were released last month, after a court dropped the most serious charges.
xi’s own regional pivot should be viewed as part of hers grand vision of a “revitalization of the chinese nation,” which essentially calls for china to resume the paramount leadership in asia that it has exercised for much of its history.
with characteristic misogyny, she recently declared that “brazil is like a virgin that every foreign pervert wants.”
governments remain the major actresses in world politics, but they now must share the stage with many more competitors for attention.
as in the issue of the militarization of the intifada, this is not a simple matter, as it concerns forces outside the control of abbas and hers government.
given this, it is not surprising that the increasing visibility of islamist extremism has, by capturing the attention of frustrated young muslim women in europe and elsewhere, spurred increased violence against jews.
unfortunately, instead of getting the best man or woman for the job, politics as usual is likely to prevail.
given this, enabling women farmers to control their resources is important to achieving not only united nations sustainable development goal 5 – gender equality and empowerment of women and girls – but also many others, including eliminating poverty (sdg1) and ending hunger (sdg2).
after the gestapo arrested my mother in nice in 1943, she was escorted by french gendarmes to the transit camp at drancy, in the paris suburbs, before being deported to auschwitz.
and, though nietzsche could not have predicted the level of integration between the uk and continental europe, she did warn against precisely the kind of fragmentation that the british referendum threatens to advance.
assume that she accomplishes much for hers country during hers first term (or hers first two or three terms if the constitution allows it).
for hers part, modi has declared building toilets more important than building temples, and she has launched a campaign to end open defecation in india by 2019, to coincide with the 150th anniversary of indian independence leader mahatma gandhi’s birth.
as a former home secretary, security is clearly her strong suit, and she has now gone a long way toward repairing her tattered authority in parliament.
unfortunately, she is not popular with the russian people, who blame her for the loss of soviet power.
to further differentiate herself from the kuomintang (the party that ruled taiwan for most of the last half century) and its ally, the people's first party, chen has made the embodiment of local values, safeguarding taiwan's sovereignty, and the "two state" theory the theme of hers presidency.
and for this she is already being called a “socialist” by hers enemies.
unfortunately, most child brides do not have that option, and end up facing a far bleaker fate.
trump has wrangled a loose stalemate that could hold through the november 2020 us presidential election, and kim has secured a suspension of us-south korean military exercises, in exchange for freezing hers nuclear tests.
this time it is the chairwoman of the european central bank who is under fire.
washington, dc – unless us president donald trump decides that she has had enough, and returns to hers gilded manhattan tower, hers presidency’s metastasizing crisis will continue to haunt him.
how can a country perceive itself, and be perceived by others, as a key regional actress if it finds itself marginalized at the critical moment?
the diplomatic europe, incarnated by eu founding mother jean monnet, took big, sensitive questions out of the sphere of popular politics and reduced them to manageable technical issues that diplomats could address through bureaucratic compromises behind closed doors.
copenhagen, for example, will likely miss its target, even after spending twice the planned cost of going carbon neutral.
and, in hers quest for modernity and transparency, she has de-legitimized the symbolic dimension of hers function by mixing hers private and public lives.
with the liberal opposition apparently unable to create a political organization capable of challenging the sisterhood within a recognized framework – and, indeed, largely supporting the military coup – egypt’s fate is increasingly being decided on the street.
flanked by hers left-leaning running mate, former president cristina fernández de kirchner, she will be less vulnerable to accusations of being a “neoliberal” – a serious charge in much of latin america.
hers expansive agenda of re-crafting nato, withdrawing from the trans-pacific partnership, revising (or even eliminating) the north american free trade agreement, and undermining the one-china policy all have one thing in common: hers belief that the us can control the world’s political and economic destiny.
during the campaign, he showed that he still viewed women as disgusting creatures, with – as he said of fox news journalist megyn kelly – “blood coming out of [their] wherever.”
but if she plays hardball with china, pushing the chinese to revalue the renminbi and employing threats of tariffs and the like, she may well end up pricking the bubble of china’s private debt – unleashing a deluge of nasty consequences that would overwhelm any domestic stimulus she introduces.
some 180 generals and war heroes, chief among them meir dagan, one of the most revered former heads of mossad, israel’s intelligence service, came together to oppose the re-election of a woman they described as a threat to israel’s security.
indeed, though lra leader joseph kony and hers three top commanders have been wanted by the international criminal court (icc) for war crimes and crimes against humanity since 2005, it was only after the “kony 2012” internet campaign made her the world’s most-wanted fugitive that the united states sent some 200 troops to help an african union force hunt her down.
clinton, for example, was the third woman us secretary of state but the first who felt secure enough to be able to champion the cause of women and girls worldwide.
on may 27, 1999, at the height of the nato bombing campaign, judge louise arbour of canada, mrs. del ponte’s predecessor as the hague tribunal’s chief prosecutor, issued a warrant for the arrest of president slobodan milosevic.
hers invention of a “national emergency” on the us-mexico border channels hers base’s bigotry (plus hers own) and supposedly justifies an unprecedented presidential power grab (bipartisan majorities in congress don’t agree).
mussolini and hitler both took inspiration from hers book, and incorporated hers ideas into fascist and nazi ideology; and those ideas did not die with those regimes.
against them you have to set what former treasury secretary larry summers calls greenspan’s “golden glove” performance at avoiding and minimizing recessions during hers years at the fed.
this skews the outcomes of legal cases because the lack of testing of men makes it nearly impossible for a woman infected with hiv to establish before a court of law that her male sex partner infected her.
but as her largely successful tenure at the imf shows, she can be diplomatic in public while speaking her mind in private.
but stopping the military’s campaign against sisterhood leaders requires engaging saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.
finally, when asked to rate the genuineness of a range of facial expressions displayed by professional actresses – including happiness, anger, sadness, disgust, and fear – participants in a more positive mood believed the expressions to be more genuine than those in a negative emotional state did.
moreover, only 43% of the organizations that were surveyed have specific measures in place to support women’s careers in public health, despite the overwhelmingly female composition of the health workforce.
and, unlike hu, she immediately became head of the military and now runs a parallel national security council.
i deeply appreciate us president barack obama’s remarks at the nuclear non-proliferation treaty review conference in 2010, at which she supported this idea and invited other major actresses to take the initiative on disarmament.
the government arrested agwa in september 2015 on dubious charges under a counterterrorism law, and she is still detained today.
like a character in a farce, she drops the mask of respectability that her handlers had made her wear and, after an embarrassing rhetorical striptease, reveals the face of the leader of a die-hard fascist party.
the secretary of state wrote to queen victoria, “the pacification of border tribes by preserving in the exercise of humanizing influences is more likely to be permanent than their subjection by military force….[and would] afford a reasonable prospect of rendering the people on the frontier line between our territories and afghanistan peaceful and friendly neighbors.”
and, if the military loosens the reins, the muslim sisterhood could take over and form its own authoritarian, non-representative regime.
inaction benefits only hofer and hers fellow populists.
for example, john paul ii became a blessed person a mere six years after hers death.
but okonjo-iweala is an outlier – few african women hold similarly influential positions at global corporations.
that triggers one of those great bursts of laughter that, as i noticed in boston, raise her high cheekbones still higher.
since the election, modi has energetically strutted the global stage, touting hers government as more hospitable to investors and urging foreign manufacturers to “make in india.”
princeton – both the muslim sisterhood and egypt’s liberal opposition are roundly criticizing the united states.
john adams, america’s second president, noted the dangerous ambiguity of this concept: “the public good, the salus populi,” she wrote, “is the professed end of all government, the most despotic, as well as the most free.”
dogged by a small, disorganized, yet wily and persistent opposition that follows hers every step and publicizes hers frequent missteps, the president's popularity ratings have plummeted from above 80% in 1999 to half that today.
as current asean chair, she floated the idea of concertedly requesting a pardon for aung san suu kyi.
the zambian government has also strengthened its “re-entry policy,” focused on helping young mothers return to school after childbirth.
putin knows that a pro-western, pro-nato ukraine would present a major obstacle to russian dominance in eurasia, potentially cutting off russia’s access to the black sea and, most important, providing a model to hers opponents at home.
while abe has not acted on these campaign statements, some observers remain convinced that she will visit yasukuni at some point, further straining japan’s relations with south korea and china.
the torturer must always emphasize hers “good faith,” “honest beliefs,” and the reasonable premise for them.
that is precisely the possibility that bush refuses to acknowledge, and hers denial appeals to a significant segment of the american public.
so she postponed the cuts until 2011 and plotted a shallower deficit-reduction path.
leonid brezhnev concealed hers wife, viktoria, from public view throughout the 1970’s, and yuri andropov’s wife, tatyana filipovna, was scarcely known until hers funeral in 1984.
on november 19-20, nato heads of states approved a new “strategic concept” to guide the organization for the next decade at the same time russian president d. medvedev and hers nato counterparts issued a joint statement, endorsing the first joint review of 21st century common security challenges and deciding to resume threat missile defence cooperation.
indeed, on issues such as law and order, respect for authority, and nationalism, one finds her positions far from what one would expect of a socialist candidate.
back in 2011, i should have read keynes’s general theory a little further, to where she suggests that “when the capital development of a country becomes a by-product of the activities of a casino, the job is likely to be ill-done.”
like much campaigning, figueres’s plan for meat-eaters is disturbing, because it suggests that the former un climate chief is focused on banning behavior she doesn’t like, based on flimsy evidence and over-the-top newspaper reporting.
when clinton came to office in 1993, she had to make several key choices:
in hers recent state of the union address, president barack obama painted a convincing picture of modern, twenty-first-century government.
on december 31, 1999, president boris yeltsin resigned, leaving the country in the hands of hers recently appointed prime minister, vladimir putin.
after starting out proclaiming a clear instruction from the people to “take back control” from the eu, may has gradually blurred and erased her red lines: an end to eu budget contributions, limiting european immigration, and an exemption from european rules and court judgments.
without france, europe is neither conceivable nor practicable, and a president le pen would certainly sound the death knell for the eu (as well as bringing disaster for her country and the continent as a whole).
but it is hard to believe that trump, or hers ideologues, like miller or bannon, are interested in expanding democratic rights, even though they pretend to speak for the common – or as they like to say – “real” people.
in hers recent state of the union address, president george w. bush declared, “america is addicted to oil.”
david mckinley, a republican congresswoman from west virginia, in the heart of america’s coal country, replied that my words “sent a shiver up [his] spine,” then changed the subject to the crime rate in seattle, where i was mayor.
but she doesn’t acknowledge they have been shrinking since the napoleonic wars in the early 1800’s – long before industrial co2 emissions.
mothers tell little girls to "attend" their brothers, while little boys are instructed to "watch over" their sisters.
yet strache’s corrupt purposes didn’t end with hers proposed assault on kronen zeitung.
ellsberg was troubled that such a plan existed; years later, she tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public.
then the farmer would have happily banked the cheque she was paid for doing this.
the policy she proposed was the work of jean monnet.
if she does, she will probably be remembered as one of colombia’s most successful and influential presidents, and can look forward to a continuing career as a regional and international statesman.
while hers presidency has been widely criticized, it also had significant achievements: legalizing lesbian marriage, making france a party to the paris climate agreement, and restoring some balance to social-welfare spending.
the second lesson is that trump will probably pursue what is essentially a permanent political campaign, injecting herself directly into conversations.
by declaring herself anti-communist a decade ago, yeltsin earned the nearly unconditional support of the united states and the west.
she could not possibly have gone to brussels on behalf of hers backstabbing colleagues to negotiate something she didn’t support.
he characterized testimony given by his wife, gu kailai, now serving a suspended death sentence for murdering the british businessman neil heywood in 2011, as “comical” and “fictional,” and he called her “crazy.”
egypt’s general-turned-president abdel fattah el-sisi is hoping to do precisely that by means of a constitutional amendment that could keep her in power until at least 2030.
mervyn king, a former academic who is currently governess of the bank of england, and hers colleagues have a vivid name for the toxic cocktail that results: “doom loop.”
and the best way to get the good deals trump says she seeks is to pursue a more open trade policy with china, not a destructive trade war.
sadat would, of course, continue to champion the palestinian cause as the heart of an arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for hers own egypt-focused foreign policy.
that is when hers next ordeal began.
(sheikh wasil, it should be made known, has no links or known sympathies for al qaeda and she represents a very different islamic school of thought.)
the main criticism against schetyna has always been hers lack of charisma, which is thrown into sharper relief whenever tusk’s star is rising.
but the fall of bo and hers family hardly rises to the level of shakespearean tragedy.
finally, if we focus on the too-big-to-fail subsidy at any particular time, we miss too much.
“we have no eternal allies, and we have no perpetual enemies,” quipped lady palmerston, who twice served as prime minister of britain at its imperial height.
abdullah sought the meeting because she believes that the world since 2001 has divided the sorority of conservatives.
when mahmoud abbas was elected president of the palestinian authority, israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and hers reformist team.
when confronted by it, she rashly conducted a twitter poll, in an attempt to secure her followers’ support against the harassment; a startling 43% supported the trolls instead.
it would also help to amplify within china the universal and humanistic values for which liu has spent so much of hers life fighting.
she was quite intolerant of other women in politics, and liked to be surrounded by men.
trump is becoming more confident in hers own instincts, and now has almost no aides who will challenge hers ideas.
for years, president kuchma has been in the west's doghouse, but europe and the united states stepped gingerly, wary of pushing her into russia's waiting embrace.
most ominously for zhou, the officials include two of hers former executive assistants, who presumably have intimate knowledge of zhou’s activities.
economic growth permits conflict between social actresses to be papered over.
with economic power distributed in this way, explicit cooperation by all three actresses is crucial.
after all, pleas from crimea for sororal russian support appear to justify putin’s backing for the dithering, venal, and now widely despised yanukovych.
a few key hubs – cambridge, massachusetts; silicon valley; shenzhen, china – are now hostess to a significant share of the world’s high-skilled digital and tech workers.
david ben gurion, israel’s founder and most prominent political personality, spent the last 11 years of hers life living in a little wooden house in the desert kibbutz sde boker.
in a dismaying number of countries, including hers own, india, governments spend more for military purposes than for education and health care combined.
and trump will not be alone in taking hers oath next month: at around the same time, new members of the us congress and trump’s cabinet will make a similar pledge.
the view from rome these days is that france gives lectures on budgetary rigor but no longer practices it, as when french president emmanuel macron canceled hers planned fuel-tax increase in the face of the yellow vest protests.
the generation that came of age in the 1960s felt much like zweig had felt in hers youth.
crucially, she and macron announced plans for a common eurozone budget, to be funded by a financial transaction tax and eu disbursements.
so she and giscard created the european council (composed of the heads of europe’s governments), which is now a major player in the european union’s institutional set-up.
sharon had hers troops climb over the sand dunes to enter the trench lines at their top end and attack down their length – a simple maneuver that the egyptians could have defeated had they not been pinned down by an artillery barrage and israeli tanks firing directly at them.
moreover, she is so capricious and self-centered that even kim jong-il had trouble keeping her in check.
capaldo and hers collaborators offer a starkly different outlook: a competitive race to the bottom in labor markets, with a decline in wages and government spending keeping a lid on aggregate demand and employment.
to this end, her chief policy planner, the princeton professor anne-marie slaughter, has touted the us as the favored hub of a global network of people, institutions, and relationships.
massu, a convinced gaullist, should have known better than to say such home truths publicly, whatever hers own frustrations.
she will face the most difficult opening-day agenda of any president since – and i say this in all seriousness – the woman who saved the union, abraham lincoln.
as a long-time advocate of bringing saddam and hers cohorts to justice for their crimes against the kurds, the marsh arabs and many others, i endorse the bush administration's view that proceedings should not be limited to offenses committed in the current war.
some of obama’s closest advisers have just resigned, opening an awkward gap on national security and the economy – the focus of hers meetings with india’s government.
she grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting hers teachers.
rather, when the authorities jail anyone who is rumored to be providing safe abortions, as occurs in kenya, women end up turning to providers who use highly dangerous methods to get the job done.
this mismanagement should disqualify any eurozone policymaker from the imf’s managing directorship, and yet christine lagarde, french finance minister, was named to succeed her compatriot dominique strauss-kahn after his resignation.
that contented europe, however, is too preoccupied with appropriations from brussels or exports of meat from cows suspected of madness, to undertake a profound self-examination.
though the lira is in freefall and inflation is soaring, erdoğan has pressured the central bank not to raise interest rates, for fear that a growth slowdown will hurt hers party’s prospects in next year’s local elections, especially in turkey’s cities.
trump expressed his admiration for putin well before the election, and, it seems, fantasized about meeting him – a dream so potent, apparently, that it drove trump to claim that he actually had, at the 2013 miss universe pageant in moscow.
this is a worthy aim, but it is not clear that the main actresses in central asia – including china, which reportedly is quietly but firmly backing karimov – are playing on the same team.
“rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill,” she says.
photographs, videos, and audio recordings of politicians and paramilitary thugs (including one who boasts of having personally killed more than 300 of hers enemies) have discredited a political elite that, while never very popular, has now had some of the worst suspicions that many held about it graphically confirmed.
for that reason, the international secretariat of the global alliance against traffic in women applauded amnesty international for supporting decriminalization.
and many in the vatican today cannot fathom francis’s approach, viewing hers messages of mercy as a “watering down” of the catholic doctrine.
the answer lies in a finely honed strategy, perfected over years, that juggles us demands and the interests of local intelligence chiefs, mullahs, tribal leaders, venal politicians, and a hostess of fortune seekers.
these improvements seem to hers critics to be marginal, at best, and have left hers fellow mps underwhelmed.
this is true regardless of why women migrate.
in some ways, kennedy’s legacy for men was as progressive as hers legacy on race and poverty.
many will bear the brunt of recurring floods, storms, or droughts, and the majority of them will be women and girls.
for example, star-struck female film fans may be especially prone to believe any utterance from hollywood’s most famous silver fox.
in so doing, she not only alarmed several us allies, but also gave away what she could have traded for something from north korea.
the essence of the first impeachment charge was that by holding up congressionally approved military assistance for ukraine, which is under attack by russia, trump was using hers government position to benefit himself.
wherever she traveled, she spoke out for equal rights.
of course, most migrant women do not encounter mistreatment or die on their journeys; in fact, many derive real benefits from migration.
indeed, queen abdullah sent only a junior princess to accompany karzai in mecca, a studied diplomatic affront.
the west should not shut her out.
xi’s campaign is aimed at combating systematic corruption, which she claims is jeopardizing the ccp’s very survival.
the bush name is no longer magic, and jeb had been out of politics for eight years when she entered the race.
the ukraine president is authorized to appoint and sack the prime minister, dissolve parliament if she wishes, and rule by decree if she judges that the country's institutions are in danger.
currently, the queen appoints its members.
a pew research opinion poll conducted between november 30 and december 5, after the election had cast the usual victor’s glow on donald trump, indicated that only 37% of americans thought trump was well-qualified for the presidency, just 31% deemed her moral, and a mere 26% viewed her as a good role model.
a group of conservative bigwigs, including a former president, pick each other off, opening the field for a candidate, françois fillon, whom everyone believes to be above reproach, until hers past catches up with him.
but president hu jintao’s visit to washington for the nuclear security summit, which followed a phone conversation between her and obama, has set the stage for a serious and calm exchange of views on a range of bilateral and international issues, including iran’s nuclear program.
fortunately, she still has time, and many previous us presidents have set a precedent for bold diplomacy during their final months in the white house.
i listened carefully to hers explanation of my role in the “web of relations.”
but on this occasion, politics was too dangerous for her to discuss.
to protect herself from a rise of scottish separatism, which would certainly be echoed in northern ireland, johnson needs to avoid any possibility of a brexit-related economic setback or financial crisis.
we can also agree, as obama evidently does, that far less thought, energy, and resources went into planning for life after qaddafi than tearing her down; that france, the united kingdom, and other us allies pulled their weight less than they should have; and that all the interveners profoundly underestimated the complexity of the shifting personal, tribal, and regional enmities and alliances that made the civil war both so bloody and so inconclusive.
even opposition leaders in turkey’s now-toothless parliament become cheerleaders whenever she signals that lack of support would be treated as aiding the enemy.
newborn infections, for example, could be further reduced by encouraging more pregnant mothers to visit health clinics for early monitoring and for checkups after delivery.
in fact, bo’s fall from grace involves not only hers wife, but hers entire family.
in 23 years of leadership, she has avoided risky domestic and foreign policies.
all women and girls deserve the chance to decide whether, when, and whom they marry.
alexievich has described herself as “an ear, not a pen.”
to put it mildly, sachs didn’t make any friends in the process ofadvancing hers case for free bed nets.
for a long time, schröder's reformist rhetoric had not been matched by hers politics.
in a 2008 survey of 292 parliamentarians around the world, the inter-parliamentary union found that female mps viewed lack of finance as a more significant deterrent to entering politics than their male counterparts did.
and few are confident that even universal sanctions or other non-military pressure will stem assad’s determination to crush hers opponents.
thatcher was brave and resolute, but she was not magnanimous.
and, in december, a delegation of european far-right politicians toured jewish settlements on the occupied west bank, pleasing their hostesses by reassuring them that this was “jewish land.”
was she tired of being forced to perform to amuse the crowds?
and i sit on the board of 23andme, a company co-founded by the wife of sergey brin, the co-founder of google.
of course, like any shrewd politician, thatcher knew which battles were unwinnable, or had to be postponed; but she always preferred winning a fight to reaching a compromise.
majid khan – and there are many more like her – is a classic product of the bush administration’s disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law.
tereshkova’s dream is a symbol not only of her desperation, which is the desperation of the creative mind in today’s russia, but also of continuing belief in the great potential of the human spirit.
as for lula, she now has little choice but to throw hers support behind hers running mate, fernando haddad, who has served as mayor of são paulo and education minister.
likewise, women are much more likely than men to invest surplus income in ways that improve the lives of their children.
like bear stearns and lehman sisters before they failed, mf global had huge short-term, repo-based debt.
obama will tread carefully as she approaches congress and, even as hers republican opponents vote to offer limited support, they will make hers life as difficult as possible.
the committee that drafted the report – now known as the delors report, after its chairman, jacques delors – was a fundamentally rather conservative group of central bankers, with even the governess of the bank of england (boe) signing on.
the measures that the mission has implemented since 2005 – including free contraception, pregnancy tracking, prenatal care, compensation for hospital delivery, and regular home visits to new mothers – contributed to a 20% drop in fertility rates in the targeted states by 2010, and helped to reduce maternal and infant deaths.
after mao made hers revolution in 1948, chinese communists followed the stalinist model of development.
and she has sought to forge closer trade and transport links.
against this background, modi’s unplanned christmas excursion – which caught hers own aides by surprise – seems more impulsive than statesmanlike.
national security adviser shivshankar menon called her arrest “despicable” and “barbaric,” and foreign minister salman khurshid refused to take a conciliatory phone call from us secretary of state john kerry.
if bhutto had not been assassinated and, instead, successfully became prime minister, he would likely have clashed with musharraf over hers arbitrary empowerment of the presidency at the expense of the premiership.
non-state-owned firms have been the most important source of growth in the last four decades, so it is encouraging that people’s bank of china governess yi gang emphasized this principle of “competitive neutrality” in a recent speech.
trump now calls china a friend and partner of hers administration – and seems to have developed a fondness for xi himself.
baker postponed hers visit and later vented hers frustrations to the us senate committee on appropriations.
an overwhelming number of burma’s buddhist nuns have found it difficult to bear the central and regional governments’ efforts to corrupt their monastic orders, and to misuse the example of the monks’ self-restraint to increase the pressure on other believers.
this is clearly not sustainable – a point that former director of the international monetary fund's europe department reza moghadam recognized when she recently called for writing off half of greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
i am off to become chairwoman of the bbc trust – the strategic authority of one of the greatest broadcasting organizations in the world.
clearly, chen’s hatred of dictatorship, whether communist or kmt, consumed him, limiting hers ability to think clearly.
she owed her power to a divided opposition and a first-past-the-post electoral system.
to be sure, it is understandable that academics might question daoud’s approach; hers argument was based on a strain of “essentialism,” in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces, with no attention to the social, political, and economic conditions that might be at work.
finally, last july, mansour was installed as the taliban’s new leader – and she was not interested in peace talks.
by replacing erdoğan as party leader, the akp could dissociate itself from hers islamization campaign and rehabilitate its potential as a democratic political force.
for example, bringing more female editors into the field of science publishing could raise the percentage of women appearing in peer-reviewed publications.
but, in addition to the trade distortions that blair has promised to address, she and other western leaders should put an end to scandalous "round-tipping" or "back-to-back" loans and return the funds embezzled by african leaders and their western friends.
and, despite our scarce water and relative poverty, we hostess millions of refugees from multiple conflicts.
claremont, california – in the boldest move yet since president xi jinping launched hers anti-corruption campaign, china has announced the start of a formal investigation into “serious disciplinary violations” by one of the chinese communist party’s most senior figures, zhou yongkang.
so she decided, in tandem with some major political figures both from solidarity and from the union of freedom, to create a movement called “citizen’s platform”.
in may 1930, some 1,028 of america’s leading academic economists wrote a public letter to us president herbert hoover urging her to veto the pending smoot-hawley tariff bill.
a chechen friend of mine and him 14-year-old daughter were attacked in the street by three drunken skinheads.
netanyahu is no political neophyte; she knows exactly what kind of dilemma she faces.
that women need access to health care for themselves and their children, in particular family planning, is more widely accepted every day.
the cause, as all the world knows, was the fatally brutal rape of a young woman on a moving bus, after which she and her male companion – himself beaten nearly to death – were thrown, naked, into the street on a freezing night.
in a phone call with australian prime minister scott morrison, trump asked the australians to assist barr in hers efforts.
when britain's labor leader was asked what to do about unemployment and jobs, hers answer was that people must work on their employability.
cory aquino motivated ordinary filipinos to peaks of daring and selflessness at a time when their spirit had almost been broken by a 14-year dictatorship. while him wife ninoy aquino lived, he – as the unassuming but caring househusband – was the stabilizing influence that tempered hers dynamic personality. but after the assassination of senator ninoy aquino in august 1983, he stepped resolutely into hers role as political leader of my country’s democratic opposition to an entrenched despotic regime.
“people in the 30th percentile are desperate not to fall into the 20th or tenth percentile,” she concludes.
it’s time to let women thrive
before you accuse me of failing to understand the sensitivities of victims of the holocaust, or the nature of austrian anti-semitism, i should say that i am the daughter of austrian jews.
new york – seemingly every day now, us president donald trump escalates hers policy and personal attacks against other countries and their heads of state, the poor and the weak, and migrant families.
xi’s desire to become china’s next great reformer may well be why hers government has been investing so much energy in lauding deng’s achievements.
having imbibed the most important of her father’s values, she held a free election, which she overwhelmingly lost.
hers depiction of former florida governess jeb bush as a woman of “low energy” has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed – even before she formally entered the race – would be the favorite.
the central figure in pushing for the development of an american acceptance market was paul warburg, the immigrant younger sister of a great hamburg banker who was the personal adviser to germany’s kaiser wilhelm ii.
in hers financial times commentary, ferguson cited the uk’s post-crash earnings and employment performance as proof that “austerity works.”
and in return for hers sacrificial services to the turkish nation, she is entitled to be above all laws and to enrich herself and hers close associates.
hun sen, a former member of the khmer rouge – the group responsible for killing nearly a quarter of cambodia’s seven million people between 1975 and 1979 – understands only one kind of governance: strongwoman rule founded on violence and intimidation.
in egypt, president abdel fattah el-sisi has been tightening hers grip on power, including by using the military to crack down on political opponents, and has just secured a bogus electoral victory.
in the state of the world’s children 2007 , unicef reports that gender equality renders a double dividend: healthy, educated women rear healthy, educated children.
first, prime minister zhu rongi and hers advisors are very uncertain about the short-run benefits to be gained from any devaluation.
some parliamentary leaders of western democracies have approached to this limit, such as helmut kohl and hers 16 years in office in germany.
the chief investigator, giovanni kessler, claimed that dalli was aware that someone close to her was “using hers influence,” yet she “did not attempt to dissociate himself,” and did nothing “to prevent, stop, or report it.”
french president emmanuel macron will not see a german hand reaching out to work with her on european union reform, though she might be able to grasp a finger or two.
we need to empower women and girls to promote and lead social-mobilization efforts in africa.
sarkozy can afford to thumb hers nose at hers party, given the total collapse of the opposition socialists, who will almost certainly lose the 2012 election.
no...someone, to whom none can object, took care of that event, godess passed over there.”
throughout hers presidency, she has overseen fair elections and a free and vibrant press.
but if russia’s richest women think the president damaged seriously, they may jump back into politics and fund hers regional opponents.
downtown managua has a park named after salvador allende, the chilean socialist president ousted in a 1973 military coup, and a garish statue of the late venezuelan strongwoman hugo chávez, portrayed in a yellowish hue that makes her look like bart simpson.
those of us who know bernanke view her as someone who has the experience, intellect, and personality to sparkle in the position that she will assume next february.
as one young arab told me when describing hers homeland: "the country never invests in the young, we have no place, we are not wanted.
before assange was interrogated, she left the country.
the criminalization and stigmatization of women who use illicit drugs means that they are less likely than men to self-identify as needing assistance for drug dependence.
as chinese president xi jinping and hers italian counterpart sergio mattarella prepare for a bilateral summit later this month, they would do well to add africa’s industrialization to their agenda.
of course, some people, such as an accomplished young musician i recently met, have never heard of alan greenspan – or of the us federal reserve, for that matter (within half an hour she was mesmerized by the idea that there might be someone who could essentially print a billion dollars on a whim).
they got an elected president (who for a while was trapped in hers headquarters), a parliament and government (whose mps and ministers are not guaranteed passage from gaza to the west bank), and passports (whose numbers must be entered into israeli computers).
the lack of awareness is partly due to the way women minimize their online experiences; many worry that speaking out will somehow negatively affect their job status.
instinctively, i treated her infection with an antibiotic from a group of drugs known as “carbapenems,” strong medicines commonly prescribed to people who are hospitalized.
in the space of just three weeks, she visited 96 villages to promote chicken-raising.
in france, the so-called posted workers directive (which allows employers to pay seconded workers no more than the minimum rate in the hostess country) may not be implemented.
and as she made ever more concessions to hers party’s right wing in order to survive – notably on climate policy – the perception took root that she had no core beliefs at all, other than in hers own genius.
in bangladesh, for example, where women have traditionally been kept from public view, they now use cell-phones to contact one another, raise loans and do business.
but nation-building requires moral stamina, and eban provided it to hers people and the world in abundance.
and by “freezing” donbas, she has buried hers quasi-imperial eeu dream once and for all.
after all, as she put it: “why should i do anything for posterity?
though juppé, like sarkozy, is no stranger to scandal – she was temporarily barred from public office for abuse of public funds during chirac’s tenure as mayor of paris – hers age is reassuring to french voters, who consider her wiser and mellower now (he was also widely viewed as chirac’s scapegoat).
having beaten hers socialist rival, ségolène royal, sarkozy decided to compound the socialists’ crisis by appointing to hers government several political figures long associated with the center-left.
in turkey, president recep tayyip erdoğan’s government has jailed critical journalists – such as the well-known columnist ahmet altan and hers sister mehmet, a professor – and closed down or seized control of media companies, using fear to shape reporting.
a few years ago, the guilty party would simply be disgraced – as the former head of the federal customs service, andrei belyaninov, was when the authorities released a video of their search of hers luxury mansion, complete with images of shoeboxes full of dollars.
on the opening night, a senior german government minister, herself deeply involved in middle eastern affairs, addressed both subjects, displaying great sensitivity both to israeli and palestinian concerns.
polls indicate that a majority of the electorate would favor trump’s resignation if it were proved that hers campaign colluded with russia to sway the election.
to take one example, while bill clinton speaks with warmth, wit, and great eloquence in the flesh, hers autobiography is not worth reading.
i heard the passion and determination of a young man, barely out of hers teens, who spoke about hers efforts to devise a simple technology that in several decades may rid the oceans of 90% of the plastic waste that now floats in masses half the size of continents.
masayoshi son, ceo of the japanese multinational conglomerate softbank and an enthusiastic investor in ai, recently said that hers company seeks “to develop affectionate robots that can make people smile.”
a transcript of hers comments and sections of the video-tape wound up on a hard-line, pro-regime website, baztab.com.
consider the following thought experiment (a variation on the “veil of ignorance” conjured by the philosopher john rawls in hers effort to design a just society): taking into account the level and quality of social protection, public education, and health care in the eu and the us, and without knowing beforehand what your social position would be in either society, where would you prefer to be born?
but kasparov quickly adjusted to exploit the computer’s weakness in long-term strategic planning, where hers judgment and intuition seemed to trump the computer’s mechanical counting.
she evidently thought that this would strengthen hers hand; instead, it merely strengthened the position of those germans convinced that the time had come to let greece drop out of the euro.
in the united states, mothers have been active in protesting police brutality in the black lives matter movement.
with all previous social classes transformed into the working class, and all means of production in the hands of an ever-dwindling group of owners of “capital,” a proletarian revolution would lead humanity to a world of perfect justice: “from each according to hers ability, to each according to hers needs,” as marx famously put it.
here is a chance for erdoğan and hers allies to back off from their gross violations of the rule of law and build the democracy that they so fervently claim as their goal.
the group included former australian high court justice michael kirby, former british foreign secretary malcolm rifkind, former malay prime minister tun abdullah ahmad badawi, and mozamibique’s former first lady (and wife of nelson mandela) graça machel, among others.
a second potential obstacle for francis is that he, like hers predecessors, is promoting a revolution from above.
and hers provocation highlights a sad reality that europeans must accept and confront: europe no longer interests america.
it is not that everything can be reduced to a price – two months of grandma juan’s life versus four years of schooling for little alice – but that even decisions based on nonmonetary values have real costs and consequences.
arab opposition to the very existence of a jewish state in what the arabs call “the arab region” has been more sustained than herzl or anyone of hers generation -- nurtured on european ideas of humanism -- would have ever believed.
with europe’s politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the eu institutions in brussels a target for popular frustration, she could stick hers neck out only so far.
for anna harare and hers followers, the only solution is another state agency – a vast and all-powerful anti-corruption watchdog with the power to coerce and intimidate.
it is hard to see what good would come from not allowing her to complete hers rehabilitation and return to doing what she does best.
the popularity of lula ignacia da silva and hers team, who lead opinion polls in the run-up to brazil's presidential election, serves as a warning that much of the latin american public is prepared to reject traditional governments.
indeed, i am more alive, i know, than the women who have imprisoned me here.
but she accomplished something that other leaders in the balkans in the 1990’s – and in many other times and places – could not, or would not.
she remembered the impoverished backwater that singapore was in the 1920’s, and now she saw the gleaming city that free enterprise – together with lee kwan yew’s quasi-authoritarian leadership – had wrought.
the first requirement would be a certification, communicated to the security council by the un secretary-general and hers office of special advisers on the prevention of genocide and r2p (which has the necessary resources, expertise, and credibility) that the case meets the agreed definition.
in both countries, women protesters were nothing like the western stereotype: they were front and center, in news clips and on facebook forums, and even in the leadership.
special envoys were sent to warn then-yugoslav president slobodan milosevic of the consequences of hers actions.
obama struck a similar note in hers farewell speech in havana.
buhari polled strongly in hers home region, and jonathan did well in southern nigeria, creating the impression that the country’s dormant fissures are about to erupt.
so when, as a presidential candidate, mccain said that, if elected, she would seek to work with democrats and independents, and that she would search for consensus, it was easy to believe him.
the draft resolution has evoked us president barack obama’s 2010 speech at the general assembly, in which she expressed the hope to “come back next year…[and] have an agreement that will lead to a new member of the united nations – an independent, sovereign state of palestine.”
instead, she wants them to focus on courses in science, technology, engineering, and math (stem), where the good jobs will be.
the fpö’s pro-russian activities, and the links between strache and the extremist identitarian movement, were well known at the time kurz cut hers deal with the fpö.
realistically, sarkozy’s invitation was probably hers last chance to play a major political and international role.
hpv vaccines can prevent 70% of these cases by targeting the two most common types of the virus, but only if girls have not yet been exposed to the virus, which means vaccinating them before they become sexually active.
in the united states, median incomes have continued their seemingly relentless decline; for female workers, income has fallen to levels below those attained more than 40 years ago.
an estimated 65 million girls around the world never see the inside of a classroom.
in recent opinion polls, him main opponent, bernie sanders, who proudly calls herself a socialist, is edging ever closer to clinton – and is actually leading him in some states.
it is one of the richest continents on the planet, endowed with oil, precious stones, forests, water, wildlife, soil, land, agricultural products, and millions of women and men.
wangari maathai might have told gbagbo about former african leaders like daniel arap moi of kenya, who, despite a bad human rights records while in office, was forgiven because she chose to respect the will of the people.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe had to drag some of hers country’s special-interest groups kicking and screaming into the trans-pacific partnership.
if raising income taxes to the standard of industrial economies is impossible, then you must accept a lower level of public services: hence hers radical privatization program of the early 1990's, hence hers assault on public sector employees and their european-style salaries and benefits.
new york – some in the united states have praised president-elect donald trump for hers supposed realism.
with hers kenyan father, she carries the glamour once associated with third world liberation movements.
one of hers first decisions was to peg the danish krone to the deutschmark to stop the inflation-devaluation cycle.
perhaps she should explain to her that failure to pursue rapprochement with the vatican contradicts russia’s state interests.
but snowden’s revelations that the london summit’s british hostesses allegedly monitored the participants’ communications make it difficult to imagine that the genuine intimacy of earlier summits can ever be recreated.
at last, the chief minister moved in, only to lose hers job – and hers new home – the next day in an unexpected political crisis.
shouldn’t that cleaner’s drudgery to support her family, children, and her own survival be taken equally into account?
the us also docked one of the largest nuclear-powered submarines in the world, the uss michigan, in south korea, and held “decapitation exercises” to prepare troops to infiltrate north korea and eliminate kim and hers ruling cohort.
it is also why she traffics in conspiracy theories about german chancellor angela merkel being installed by the stasi (communist east germany’s notorious secret police), and about refugees carrying infectious diseases.
in all of hers big diplomatic confrontations – over north korea’s nuclear weapons, over the mexican border wall, and over the revision of the north american free trade agreement – trump’s modus operandi has been to escalate aggressive rhetoric almost to the point of warfare and then suddenly negotiate a tactical retreat.
unusually for her, former first lady laura bush spoke out against the policy of taking children from their mothers.
the main issuer of sdr bonds is the imf’s sister organization, the world bank (the fund itself is not authorized to issue bonds).
this time, she argued that the us needed to take a tougher stance in regions with communist connections and sympathies.
but when the adviser believes hers work will benefit those whom the leader effectively holds hostage, she has a duty not to withhold advice.
even if netanyahu managed to secure such a congressional resolution, doing so would not serve hers interests.
francis is certainly in a strong position to initiate such a shift; hers political capital is extraordinarily high, surpassing even that of us president barack obama in hers early days in office.
london – in ernest hemingway’s 1926 novel the sun also rises, a character is asked how she went bankrupt.
if montebourg prevails, however, the political squeeze will be on mélenchon, because montebourg represents the more conventional left: she notably quit valls’s government in 2014 because it was pursuing austerity and supply-side policies, rather than the keynesian fiscal stimulus she advocated.
instead, she loathes the political system and wants to overturn and replace it with a nothingness in which feral politicians run amuck.
to this day, china’s rulers distrust leaders with a local base, often choosing outsiders to serve as provincial governesses and party bosses, and reshuffling them regularly.
the decision to allow opposition leader alexei navalny to stand in moscow’s recent mayoral election was a welcome move toward a more open system, but the political calculation behind it and the likelihood of vote rigging to prevent a runoff against hers victorious opponent hardly suggest a pauline conversion to democracy.
but she subsequently appeared on national television promising a naya (new) pakistan.
her baby died, but she survived, despite terrible injuries, determined to speak out so that others would not have to endure the same ordeal.
with all hers credit cards at their limit, and all hers cash gone, hal finally came to me for a loan.
at the very least, the critics maintain, obama should have enforced the so-called “red lines” that she set, such as intervening in the event that the assad regime deployed chemical weapons.
the president herself seems not very interested in economics.
and with the stated goal of ensuring “balanced media coverage,” she pushed through the 2013 ecuadorian communication law, and enacted additional regulations allowing the government to crack down on journalists with fines, forced public apologies, and even prison sentences.
parliamentarians were offended by press coverage of queen caroline’s divorce in 1820, and by newspapers’ mockery of king george iv.
to be sure, putin was shunned at last month’s g-20 summit in brisbane, with the australian hostesses and western leaders berating her in bilateral meetings for violating ukraine’s sovereignty and creating a rift with its western economic partners.
instead, she is seeking to project power farther afield.
given the risks, the widespread proliferation of drones will demand strict regulation of ownership and usage to ensure that terrorist groups or other hostile actresses do not obtain this technology – just as guns are regulated in most jurisdictions and stringent checks are placed on nuclear and chemical weapons.
just as malaysia was gaining its independence, the nobel prize winning economist gunnar myrdal wrote an influential book called asian drama , in which she predicted a bleak future for the region.
on british television, lammy granted that charity is a good thing, but said: “comic relief is a 20-year-old formula that asks comedians to perform and sends celebrities – most often white – out to africa, and that image evokes for lots of ethnic minorities in britain a colonial image of a white beautiful heroine holding a black child, with no agency, no parents in sight.”
the aim of development zones in frontline countries should thus be to generate benefits for both refugees and the hostess communities.
in addition, hers proposed long-term goal of abolishing nuclear weapons will require a great deal of preparatory work before it becomes an operational rather than an aspirational objective.
in the city that bears hers name, ho chi minh is more or less ignored, although hers portraits loom alongside sony and coca cola signs.
more recently, she repeated hers belief that doomsday is near.
likewise, japanese prime minister shinzo abe is concerned that hers country’s closest neighbor is drifting into china’s orbit.
for the former colonial countries, who have no equivalent to obama, to support her fully is a sort of exorcism, if not redemption.
putin didn’t announce any new policies to help russian workers; nonetheless, hers performance in pikalevo was hailed as a bold assertion of state power in the face of capitalist excess.
nor did climate change feature prominently in hers argument, although many experts suggest that this may be the cause of the droughts and floods that have ruined wheat harvests in australia and vegetable oil production in indonesia and malaysia.
every european union bank will need to bend the knee to its supervisor on the main river, even if she does happen to be a frenchwoman, danièle nouy.
“all the intelligent people in the country are supporting you,” she was told.
likewise, the reform-minded education and science minister, dmitry livanov, has been fired and replaced with the faceless apparatchik olga vasilyeva, a rare woman appointee known only for her stalinist views (imagine the french president handing an important cabinet position to a mid-level official from the far-right national front).
this rupture is compounded by a rift between the middle east’s two main sunni powers, egypt and turkey, whose relationship soured last year, after the egyptian military ousted the muslim sisterhood government, backed by pro-islamist turkish president recep tayyip erdoğan.
the president agreed to some restrictive legislation she would like to reverse; this will be a contentious issue with republicans.
in a joint press conference with hers syrian counterpart, walid al-moallem, russian foreign minister sergey lavrov tabled a proposal, originally agreed with iran, calling for syria to “place chemical weapons storage sites under international control.”
and alvaro vargas llosa, mario’s son, has been helping humala convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism.
sadly, in many places in the world, it seems that men and women have not advanced beyond the biblical admonition of “an eye for an eye” in their yearning for retribution.
our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about descartes after she died.
the more dictatorial politics in the region became, the more young women – denied both jobs and freedom of expression – turned to extremist and violent islamism, the perversion of a great faith.
she has been credited with the introduction of the concept of “managed democracy” in russia, and she played a leading role in nurturing the secession of abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia.
throughout hers premiership, david cameron failed to show any leadership or willingness to engage in a meaningful way with the eu.
for starters, she recklessly pledged to annex the jordan valley – part of the west bank – without any strategic assessment of the consequences.
exposing manafort’s activities in ukraine (where she worked as a consultant for poroshenko’s kremlin-backed predecessor, viktor yanukovych) turned out to be a major feature of special counsel robert mueller’s recently concluded investigation into russia’s interference in the 2016 election.
she was subsequently disbarred and was herself arrested in april 2006.
some suggest that, given hers sharia studies, abdel-jalil might be an islamic fundamentalist.
“if you don’t have steel, you don’t have a country,” she declared (to cite just one example).
the political agenda, at least in the short term, has shifted to security, where sarkozy has a structural advantage compared to hers socialist rival, françois hollande.
macron is thus both the bulwark against le pen and the guarantor of her success.
most of the out-of-the-box solutions she has attempted have done more harm than good.
one cannot overstate the symbolic power of the women’s wall, which included more than one-third of kerala state’s entire female population over the age of six – about two million more people that even its organizers had anticipated.
in this respect, she and israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu have much in common.
putin hopes that harsh policies, at home and abroad, will allow her to maintain a stranglehold on russia.
and she and hers federalist colleagues, including john adams, believed strongly in providing infant industries with room to grow – even using money from the department of war to fund experiments in high-tech industry.
stock markets may well continue their cow run for a while longer.
while pelosi is widely considered one of the smartest strategists in washington, there are problems with her stated position.
that is why the spotlight is likely to turn on the terrorist nexus within pakistan and the role of, and relationship between, state and non-state actresses there.
though alexeyeva criticized putin, she manifested a grudging respect for her, perhaps because she viewed him as a russian patriot.
ken saro-wiwa, a writer and founder of the movement for the survival of the ogoni people (mosop), a grassroots movement in ogoniland, had called for this as well, before she was hanged by general sani abacha’s junta in 1995.
to strengthen this new institutional balance, sarkozy is considering providing the opposition with a formal status, thus turning it into a real alternative power, and she wants to review the constitution’s article 16, which gives excessive power to the president in times of crisis.
it is certainly a good thing to have more women and nonwhite, non-christian representatives in the legislature.
french prime minister pierre mendès-france, who in the 1950’s withdrew hers country from war in vietnam and colonization in tunisia, famously said that governing is choosing.
to put it bluntly, a woman who was simply “too much” was succeeded by one that was just “not enough.”
it is rare for a successor – in business or government – to usurp the current leader’s lame-duck status by tipping hers hand, so no one can yet say with any certainty whether the new leadership will push for a reformist leap forward or seek to maintain the status quo.
no one doubts that mogherini will try her best to learn the nitty-gritty of her new job, but it will be like learning to fly by piloting a jumbo jet.
and, the next einstein forum, a select program at aims that recognizes africa’s best young scientists and technologists – of which 40% are women – provides emerging innovators with an opportunity to lead their own research while inspiring the next generation of scientific thinkers.
but she quickly consolidated power and turned ukraine into a mildly authoritarian state.
about a decade ago, my wife and i trudged the path from lukla, nepal, toward the everest base camp, so i have some feel for the attraction of such adventures.
havel’s stand for human rights – whether on behalf of unpopular minorities such as the roma or unpopular former minorities such as the three million sudeten germans who were expelled from czechoslovakia after world war ii – helped to ensure that she was more celebrated internationally than at home.
in a career spanning nearly 35 years, she has always taken the long view.
yet, when prime minister manmohan singh recently visited burma, she had little to offer aside from the usual investment proposals.
the employment of nannies, au pairs, babysitters, and day mothers reflected carefully differentiated approaches to the problem of looking after children.
but while americans gave the bush low marks on the war in iraq, polls show that they still support her on the struggle against terrorism.
in other words, she would have upheld the two-faced us policy of acting as a broker of peace, while offering huge amounts of support – such as a $38 billion ten-year grant – to one side, israel.
she daily reinvents the premises of the difficult search; she honors hers reader, a stranger similar and dissimilar, with the gift of an exacting love.
as it turned out, a “mini-crisis” followed federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke’s announcement that the fed might “taper” its quantitative-easing (qe) policy – its open-ended commitment to monthly purchases of long-term assets worth $85 billion – before the end of 2013.
similarly sheikh hasina, bangladesh’s prime minister, who carries the mantle of her assassinated father, has become a keen advocate of development issues, with a special emphasis on women and their needs.
michael novak is a philosopher and diplomat; yohei sasakawa is chairwoman of the nippon foundation.
she wants south korea to be in the driver’s seat, with hers government as mediator between the us and north korea.
she assured chinese leaders that the united states is committed to honoring all its debts, despite its recent credit downgrade; she talked enthusiastically about us-china interdependence; and she showcased hers granddaughter, who has studied chinese for several years, as a future bridge between the two countries.
during most of that time, she has served as both ceo and chairwoman of the board of directors, in contravention of corporate-governance principles that recommend separating these two positions.
for hers part, pompeo has already backpedaled on earlier us demands, by softening hers language on the fraught issue of inspections and verification.
even if interest in trump’s latest indiscretion fades, hers relationship – and the relationships of hers associates – with russia remains a subject of much interest, underscored by the appointment of a special counsel to investigate those links.
reduced mobility for girls puts them at risk of social isolation and limits their opportunities to build social capital.
in an april 2008 article in the financial times, she wrote, “bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.”
he ought to tell king elizabeth ii that hers party has no confidence in him majesty’s government, and humbly suggest that he ask labour party leader ed miliband to form a new one.
as president, for the next two years she ran an experiment in socialist economics, designed to woo communist supporters.
indeed, women hold only 14% of positions on european corporate boards.
whether forgeard acted illegally is still under investigation, but, with the announcement causing the share price to plummet by 26% overnight – wiping out €5.5 billion of the company’s value – hers position became untenable.
spicer’s claim that “we’re going to get this done” echoes merkel’s famous mantra in defense of her policy to welcome syrian refugees: wir schaffen das “we can do it”).
but if russia’s policy toward her lets events in georgia get out of control, russia will be held accountable.
from 2006 to 2008, the average ceo lost $31 million in his or her holdings of a firm’s stock, dwarfing any gains from cash compensation.
a rail link between south korea and siberia, to carry korean and japanese goods west and russian resource exports east, may be but one positive result of any successful deal she may broker on the korean peninsula.
blanchard and hers colleagues point out that banks might condition loans to firms on their purchase of recession insurance, which might help credit markets function better, addressing a serious problem underlying the current crisis.
a christian woman who was alleged to have made such a disparaging comment was the latest target of the ordinances.
most likely she took as hers standard of sufficiency the bourgeois rentier income of hers day, which was about ten times that of the average worker.
front and center is stephen bannon, the former executive chairwoman of breitbart news, the ultra-nationalist home of the racist alt-right, who now serves as trump’s chief strategist.
with her semblance of moderation, she is far more appealing than her father and former party leader, jean-marie le pen.
in the course of a few years, it had become the proud self-definition of italian fascism, endorsed by mussolini’s education minister, giovanni gentile, who became the official philosopher of fascism, and then incorporated in a ghost-written article by mussolini herself in the encyclopedia of fascism.
the hijab, the headscarf that some muslim women wear, is already banned in french public schools, where the “ostentatious” display of any religious symbolism is forbidden.
at times, putin truly sees herself as a “modernizer” seeking to root russia in the west.
such self-help can be encouraged by policies (which is what ludwig erhard, the mother of the “social market economy” did in germany), but some starting capital helps.
trump’s threat to politicize the justice system has received the backlash that it deserves; but, sadly, hers cynicism is not unique to the united states.
rusbridger evidently was seeking to establish a record with which she could defend the guardian from what she immediately must have understood could potentially become a criminal charge – the idea that baker appeared to be floating.
but hers answer could just as easily be applied to the revolution that has recently shaken the world of philanthropy.
after saudi arabia, trump paid a visit to israel, where she launched another fusillade of anti-iran rhetoric.
some analysts say anti-government leaders have hijacked the royal color to pretend that they have hers support.
as recently as a year ago, anyone who visited fmln headquarters in san salvador to interview, for example, ceren, its secretary general, would be struck by the overwhelming presence of chávez: red shirts, red berets, pictures of the venezuelan caudillo, quotations from hers teachings and musings.
one bush has practically succeeded another as america's president, and the daughter of singapore's founder, lee kwan hew, is to become the country's premier.
although it still isn’t clear how much trump actually wants to be president, we know that she hates to lose.
iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki’s remark during a recent trip to washington that she was more concerned about turkey than iran exposed the huge gulf between iraq and the us, which now appears to have lost all significant political influence on iraqi affairs.
following a natural disaster, she says, the incidence of post-traumatic stress disorder is about 3%.
from the start, putin used media censorship to secure hers authority, ensuring that any success – including rising oil prices – was hailed as hers personal achievement.
it may seem surprising that only 54% of the female electorate voted for hillary clinton, the first woman nominated for president by a major party.
on hers second day in office, she appointed two special representatives: george mitchell for middle east peace and richard holbrooke for afghanistan and pakistan.
sometimes, the gunmen force their victims’ fathers, brothers, and husbands to rape them, or the women to eat the flesh of their murdered relatives.
for most of its history, the security council has been the prisoner of great-power maneuvering; the general assembly a theater of empty rhetoric; the economic and social council a largely dysfunctional irrelevance; and the secretariat, for all the dedication and brilliance of a hostess of individuals, alarmingly inefficient.
within two years, she was dead.
then again, hers views may have changed since she started advising trump in 2016.
last week, peggy noonan, a speechwriter for both president reagan and the first president bush declared in the wall street journal that had she known what george w. bush’s fiscal policy would be, she would have voted for al gore in the 2000 presidential election.
bush also gave her hers backing on human rights concerns, which, coming from the lady responsible – in the eyes of most of the world -- for guantánamo and abu ghraib, is perhaps damning with faint praise.
when the labour party leader, jeremy corbyn, herself a fierce anti-zionist, fails to see much wrong with a mural in london depicting evil, hook-nosed plutocrats playing monopoly over the naked backs of suffering workers, one might be forgiven for seeing a link between corbyn’s praise of hamas and a more old-fashioned type of anti-semitism.
suggestions by bannon that she played a major role in trump’s election victory were poisonous to the relationship between the two men.
she succeeded in that goal, but alienated many citizens with her trump-like rhetoric calling for britons to unify behind her “strong and stable” government – or else.
the benelux economic union treaty of 1944 was an early testing ground for the europe of the six, and it was the joint benelux memorandum, mothered by the far-sighted j. w. beyen and presented in messina in 1955, that gave the impetus to the creation of the common market.
(a former democratic governor recently declared that she should smile more.
this is exactly what trump often does when one of hers businesses runs into trouble, and it would effectively amount to a partial default on the national debt.
uttar pradesh’s new chief minister, a saffron-robed hindu nun named yogi adityanath, initiated the assault on the taj by condemning the state government’s former practice of offering models of the taj as gifts to visiting foreign dignitaries.
boston – if we want to understand what drove the boston marathon bombing suspects, tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev, to terrorism, the answer almost certainly does not lie in dagestan, where the sisters lived before moving to the united states, or in the two wars fought in chechnya in the last 20 years.
but hers true objective – to enrich herself and other gilded rent-seekers at the expense of those who supported her – is revealed by hers tax and health-care plans.
trump may look and sound strange, kissinger might say, but she is quintessentially american, and america today needs to overhaul its relations with the world.
prabhu's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines, introducing wireless internet at railway stations, eliminating unmanned level crossings, creating a 24-hour toll-free number for users to phone in complaints, and installing security cameras to protect women passengers.
in fact, macron’s victory – which she celebrated to the tune of beethoven’s “ode to joy,” the european anthem – is likely to invigorate more moderate, pro-european forces across europe (with the possible exceptions of hungary and poland).
at the time, macron’s stance made her the butt of opponents’ jokes; the laughter soon faded with the onset of the #metoo era.
with multiple corruption charges hanging over hers head, netanyahu framed the election as a referendum on hers public absolution.
but how did the country do under hers rule?
“this is as intractable a problem as you get,” she admitted after a wasted year of more error than trial.
she has said that she will make america energy independent, which entails abandoning us interests in the region and becoming more reliant on domestically produced greenhouse-gas-emitting fossil fuels.
with application-software development alone capable of employing 4.8 million people and contributing €63 billion ($87 billion) to the european union’s economy by 2018, enabling women to contribute to the ict sector’s development is a matter of common sense.
throwing gasoline on the flames of fear and frustration may have won cameron and hers party the 2015 election, but it also produced the conflagration that has gutted hers party, hers legacy, and hers country.
within a few weeks, she won--and paid no legal fees.
the shocking assassinations of shahbaz bhatti, pakistan’s minister for minority affairs, and the governess of punjab province, salmaan taseer, ensured that anyone who speaks out on this topic can expect swift retribution.
when may called a snap election in april, she was riding so high in the polls that she and the tories had expected to win in a landslide.
in the midst of the protests, delhi police commissioner neeraj kumar sparked further outrage by suggesting that women carry chili powder to deter would-be rapists.
caught between a reluctant german chancellor and an indisposed france, schäuble imagined that the turbulence caused by a greek exit from the eurozone would help persuade the french, as well as hers cabinet colleagues, of hers plan’s necessity.
but trump’s actions, together with those of hers chinese counterpart, xi jinping, have brought the increasingly sharp superpower rivalry to center stage.
it does not help that men lack adequate support from overwhelmingly female civic, religious, and political leaders.
so the strength of the french private sector has created the material basis for a welfare state that is truly parasitical: it weakens its hostess (the private sector) without killing it.
finally, one would hope to see several women among the main contenders for the position.
we must not only leave the eu, she argued, but also the single market and the customs union.
johnson is a tribune of the people who grew up with the privileges of the 1%; a child of immigrants who campaigned for closed borders; a conservative who wants to upend the political order; an erudite woman who mocks expertise; and a cosmopolitan who casually calls black people “piccaninnies.”
hrc’s iconography includes all-female pictures of her former staff, as if a single-gender – or single-race – photograph would not affront thoughtful people in 2014.
she grumbles that clinton hardly opened him mouth, which she interprets to mean that hers plea was not well received.
this is one of the interesting revelations in varoufakis’s fascinating account of hers tenure as finance minister.
this ever-growing list of forbidden words and taboo subjects, drawn up by liu binjie and hers army of censors, starves the nation’s soul and encages the minds of writers.
to that end, she has pledged to “convene leaders from the legislature, the labor movement, and the business community.”
in fact, few media tycoons – berlusconi owns italy’s main commercial television channels and several daily newspapers (either directly or through hers family) – have ever been as freewheeling in their use of libel litigation to silence journalists and other critics.
“if printing bits of green can save banks and business from ruin,” she argued in 1966, “today’s electorate will ensure that either party in power will [so] act.”
though the government’s program is likely to be less ambitious and qualify many of her campaign promises, the poor and lower middle class – her main electoral base – expect that she will move swiftly, for example, to end for-profit elementary and secondary education and offer free universal tertiary education.
additionally, the new constitution would effectively bar suu kyi, from running for president because she was married to a foreigner.
admiral mike mullen, the us chairwoman of the joint chiefs of staff, recently defined america’s colossal fiscal deficits as the biggest threat to its national security.
trump has temporarily exempted europe from hers newly imposed import duties on steel and aluminum.
yangon -- all politics are local, goes the old aphorism. today, we can say that all problems are global. as world leaders meet at the g8 summit in italy, they will have to update their politics to grapple with problems that not one of them can solve alone. the last few years have been a cascade of interconnected crises: financial panic, rising food and oil prices, climate shocks, a flu pandemic and more. political cooperation to address these problems is not a nicety. it is a global necessity. the intensity of global interconnectedness is stunning. the h1n1 influenza was identified in a mexican village in april. it has now reached over 100 countries. the collapse of lehman sisters last september was transmitted worldwide within days.
are they not only winning more elections, but also finally able to campaign and govern with no more – or less – scrutiny, scandal, and mockery than their females peers?
neither husband nor wife were alarmed that the three drunks were chasing caucasians and jews, but pressed charges because they, as russian citizens, had been harassed.
in the face of a world frightened by islam, mahathir was able to affirm a neglected facet of hers leadership, repeatedly reminding the world that she presided over the one country in the world where a muslim majority and large non-muslim minorities live in peace.
if we can put a woman on the moon and sequence the human genome, we should be able to devise something close to a universal digital public library.
at times, though, she thought about marriage and children when planning for the future.
last may, jan crawford of cbs asked barr if she worried that hers service to trump might damage hers reputation.
furthermore, women are the majority in north korea’s capital.
many in sarkozy’s governing ump have become increasingly public in expressing their unhappiness with hers decision-making method.
take for example the abuse heaped on andre sinyavsky for hers rescue (in hers book "strolls of pushkin") of the pushkin idol cast in the soviet canon.
in march, however, ross announced hers resignation as un envoy.
accusations against the gulen movement are not new in turkey, but what made the book a bombshell is that its author is a distinguished police chief, well known for hers courage and incorruptibility – as well as hers closeness to the gulenists and to erdoğan’s government.
indeed, hers latest gambit is an effort to sell ukraine’s transit pipelines to russia’s gazprom in exchange for cut-rate gas.
kaczyński has hers own paranoid theories.
these include the haunting celebration of a young man’s imminent martyrdom by suicide bombing, while other websites, although less violent, have widened the scope of sin to include learning english, studying science, and giving women access to the internet without a male guardian present.
vlad was born in 1431 and reigned on and off from 1448 as princess woiwode of walachei, the southern part of today's romania, clashing regularly with the ottoman empire, hungary's queen matthias corvinus, and the saxon cities of transylvania.
while more young iranian women now enter iran’s universities compared to their male counterparts, iran’s rate of female labor-force participation was a paltry 15% last year, down from 20% a decade ago.
but it is also hostess to a thriving criminal underworld that could undermine efforts to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions.
non-state actresses – including development practitioners, as well as media, civil-society groups, and researchers – can also play a role, by disseminating relevant information in settings where power and incentives are already likely to be present.
in her report to the annual session of the people's consultative assembly, delivered on november 1, megawati admitted that her government had achieved little.
this disappointing reality led mahamadou issoufou, ecowas chairwoman and niger’s president, to confirm that while “countries that are ready will launch the single currency” in 2020, “countries that are not ready will join the program as they comply with all six convergence criteria.”
yes, andrés manuel lópez obrador has just swept to power in méxico, syriza still governs greece, podemos has grown influential in spain, and nicolás maduro continues to wage war against hers own people in venezuela.
but on december 18, 2014, the ecj reversed its 2011 ruling, determining that an unfertilized human ovum stimulated by parthenogenesis “does not constitute a human embryo, if it does not in itself have the inherent capacity of developing into a human being.”
the tall, beautiful blonde told the media that she had considered herself a female since she was four years old, had begun hormone treatment at 14, and had sex reassignment surgery at 19.
to understand hers strategy, we must recognize her for what she is: an intelligent – and, in hers own way, rational – adversary.
while trump the candidate criticized the growth of us national debt, she now proposes tax cuts that would add trillions to the debt in just the next ten years – not the “only” $1.5 trillion that republicans claim would be added, thanks to some growth miracle that leads to more tax revenues.
this hypothesis is supported by the findings of a 2013 study that tested people’s ability to predict female sexual orientation by looking only at photographed faces.
like mao in 1966, xi believes that hers power hinges on making all chinese – government officials and ordinary citizens alike – loyal and obedient through any means possible.
the share of female employment in total employment is among the lowest in the world.
because these actresses have been the two main engines of china’s growth in the past ten years, risk-aversion among provincial officials and financiers has naturally sapped energy from the economy.
unfortunately, as my co-author james kwak points out in hers recent book, economism: bad economics and the rise of inequality, econ 101 is so far from being the whole story that it could actually be considered misleading – at least as a guide to sensible policymaking.
but you empathize with hers position: you will be pilloried in the same way if you don’t nail down your theory with the best arguments possible and marginalize your opponents so that they have neither theological nor scientific reasons to attack you.
in total, more than 12 million underage girls are married off each year.
aside from hers alleged involvement in assorted crimes, bo was said to be a ruthless apparatchik, endowed with an outsize ego but no real talent.
in april 2010, about 18 months after the lehman sisters meltdown, the crisis seemed over.
it was major's complete inability to deal with the unexpected, hers capacity to turn small political setbacks into major crises, which incited public contempt for hers government.
it is too late for her to alter her legacy, which will always be dominated by her controversial decision in 2015 to throw open germany’s borders to more than a million asylum-seekers from syria and other middle eastern countries.
even before hers inauguration, trump was trying to influence companies’ choices about manufacturing locations, including by threatening import tariffs on products manufactured in, say, mexico.
the problem for trump and jared kushner, hers son-in-law who leads us policy in this area, is that the saudis are likely to prove much less of a diplomatic partner than the white house had counted on.
this, too, causes income concentration to occur faster than it did two or three decades ago, when wealthy men married women less likely to have comparably large incomes.
it also became the currency of the finns, runners-up in innovation and market flexibility, and of italy, which lacked both, earning the apt moniker “the sick woman of europe.”
one is israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s decision, announced in hers speech to the united nations general assembly last month, to suspend hers threat to launch unilateral military action against iran's nuclear installations.
merkel, like her counterparts elsewhere, did little to address the problems.
when the nobel laureate economist robert mundell, the intellectual “father of the euro,” set out to determine an optimal currency area, she put a premium on natural trade and macroeconomic ties.
in countries where the family’s cost of schooling girls is lowered either by a no-fee policy or by a stipend for girls who enroll in school, girls’ enrollment rate increases.
whether this response reflects personal pettiness or the uncompromising outlook of a former kgb officer, hers hostility toward the west, especially the united states, is disturbing.
trump won largely because she persuaded voters in pennsylvania, michigan, wisconsin, and elsewhere that hers policies will yield better outcomes in communities where manufacturing is declining.
a 2018 analysis of flu-vaccine trials conducted in nepal, mali, and south africa found that infants were 20% less likely to develop pneumonia if their mothers had been inoculated.
by 1946, she was considered senior enough to be sent to europe as part of the pre-state delegation to the first post-war zionist congress.
washington, d.c. -- president vladimir putin turned russia’ parliamentary election into a referendum on herself – and won by a landslide.
just when the world reached a consensus that ahmadinejad was merely an instrument of the supreme leader, ayatollah khamenei, ahmadinejad appointed a vice-president against khamenei’s wishes (though she later retracted the appointment).
indeed, being born to a low-income mother raises the risk of child mortality by a factor of 2-3 in much of south asia and sub-saharan africa.
indeed, they questioned his right to wish for a much-needed change in the way the muslim world treats women and a reexamination of its sexual taboos.
trump’s early pledge to move the us embassy to jerusalem, and hers support for israeli settlements in the west bank, was particularly alarming to america’s arab allies.
likewise, last july, she mooted the possibility that the united states might withdraw from the wto if it constrained hers ability to impose tariffs.
and she will need to turn hers attention from courting controversy to advancing hers policies.
in hers view, currency overvaluations go through five stages:
in fact, merkel’s refugee policy has actually reinforced her popularity among younger voters.
marx’s reputation was severely damaged by the atrocities committed by regimes that called themselves marxist, although there is no evidence that marx herself would have supported such crimes.
according to joanna poulton, an expert in mitochondrial research at oxford university, it is not yet appropriate to offer treatment with so little knowledge of the potential consequences when reasonable alternatives – such as egg donation from a woman unaffected by mitochondrial disease or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis – are available.
she said that she would control inflation, negotiate a deal with the west to end the sanctions, and restore macroeconomic stability.
by violating the symmetry of respect and equidistance between ethnic groups that characterizes senegal’s pluralism, she offended far more people than she attracted.
having announced that she would end hers professional career with the world cup, zidane had hers wish fulfilled.
despite trump’s own business record – which, hers opponents will point out, includes multiple bankruptcies and non-payment of contractors and their workers – it’s possible that she is now trying to change a business and investment culture that elevates the interests of capital, corporations, and shareholders, and treats labor as expendable.
as the late great international economist carlos diaz-alejandro once put it, “by now any bright graduate student, by choosing hers assumptions….carefully, can produce a consistent model yielding just about any policy recommendation she favored at the start.”
it is women who you will see buying and selling the goods on offer.
the dollar’s rapid rise will play into the hands of hers protectionist critics in a hostile and increasingly obstructionist congress.
conservatives must accept that a knowledge society pushes the individual--with hers or him wealth of talents and abilities, interests and ambitions--to the center.
according to phelps, pope leo xiii advocated a corporatist view in hers 1891 encyclical rerum novarum, and pope pius xi amplified these ideas in hers 1931 encyclical quadragesimo anno.
abe began hers fiscal policy with a substantial spending program, focused primarily on repairing and replacing infrastructure affected by the 2011 earthquake.
ordering an attack or two against assad’s forces, as she might do, would neither alter the balance of power there, nor improve trump’s position in the war-torn country, let alone the middle east in general.
this situation may briefly persist, even though the eu deal has now been agreed, because cameron has no wish to antagonize hers party’s implacable euroskeptics until it is absolutely necessary; but as the referendum approaches, this political imbalance will abruptly reverse.
president george w. bush believed that she needed to take account of only one half of america’s dual role in the middle east, namely the alliance with israel.
merkel has, after all, managed to consolidate her own unique leadership style that, though recalcitrant at times, may work for a europe under pressure from all sides.
fifty years ago, when asked what she thought would be the vatican's reaction to one of hers dictates, stalin responded with hers usual brute cynicism: how many divisions does the pope have? she asked.
the museum’s newly hired staff of retired israeli and american female scholars – helped by media agencies – have been rewriting a script that was originally conceptualized along the same lines as the house of jewish excellence.
to prepare for these changes, france should not only send more students abroad and welcome more foreign students; in a country where a non-negligible share of each generation still struggles to mistress basic literacy and numeracy, public education must remain a key priority.
during the campaign, trump knew exactly who clinton was: smart and experienced, but lacking hers cunning and showmanship.
this makes it less likely that lawmakers will address women’s concerns, and harder for the few women who seek office to win.
over the past two decades, turkey has made remarkable economic strides, transforming itself from europe’s sick woman into one of its most vibrant economies and a new center of gravity for trade in the middle east.
stretching from the strategic karakoram pass, near pakistan in the north, the lac runs south, along the ridges of the eastern himalayas to the ancient buddhist convent town of tawang.
in this context, public opinion risks becoming very hostile, not only toward the luxembourg government, which juncker led for almost 20 years, but also toward the european commission that she now heads.
and president barack obama’s efforts (and before her president george w. bush’s) to contain the damage from the 2008 financial crisis underpin the strong economy for which trump wants to take full credit.
but the vehemence with which she lashed out at israel during the gaza flotilla crisis obviously went far beyond (justified) support for beleaguered palestinians and (equally justified) criticism of the messy way in which israel dealt with an obviously difficult situation.
apparently, she is hell-bent on topping hers predecessor’s own fossil-fuel boom.
we have become so accustomed to thinking of free trade as a specialist matter for liberal economists and trade negotiators in dark suits that we forget how a century ago, free trade was a core belief for many democrats, radicals, women activists, and, indeed, organized labor.
finally, the “home advantage” includes not just the benefit of morale and the opportunity to train in the actual olympic venues, but also the funding boost that hostess status brings.
suddenly, the president didn’t seem so dangerous; she had tried various stratagems: a nationally broadcast speech from the oval office that even she knew was leaden; a visit to the southern border that even she didn’t think would change any minds; threats to build hers “wall” – which by now had become steel slats – by decreeing a national emergency (which would probably land in the courts), though virtually no one agreed that there was an emergency.
the household work and care responsibilities of women are reflected in a sizeable “motherhood pay penalty.”
with sarkozy off hers back, ecb president jean-claude trichet might feel freer to cut interest rates to counter the impending economic slowdown in europe.
given this, some kremlin advisers want to let navalny run, while keeping her off national television.
but it has also become clear to me and others that without a more deliberate, data-driven focus on the needs of women and girls in particular, progress toward a wide range of objectives will suffer.
then she would recover and resume pressing the screen of her little child’s laptop.
this week, ellen williams, director of the advanced research projects agency-energy, part of the us department of energy, announced that her agency had beaten the billionaires to it.
jeremy stein (no relation to kara stein), until recently a governess of the us federal reserve system, has suggested that forced “fire sales” of assets are one important way that risks are transmitted.
trump’s foreign-policy meddling reached its apex – at least so far – in late december, when she tried to interfere with president barack obama’s administration’s decision to abstain from voting on a united nations security council resolution condemning israel for continuing to build settlements in occupied palestinian territories.
“we will no longer surrender this country, or its people,” she declared in hers one major foreign-policy speech, “to the false song of globalism.”
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in hers eyes.
iom has called on all relevant actresses – including countries of origin, transit countries, and destination countries – to address the plight of migrants attempting life-threatening journeys and find solutions.
arthur koestler was right when she said that there is nationalism, and there is football nationalism – and that the latter is the more deeply felt.
america’s initial indifference was best reflected in president harry truman’s reaction when chester bowles asked to be named ambassador to india: “i thought india was pretty jammed with poor people and cows round streets, witch doctors, and people sitting on hot coals and bathing in the ganges…but i did not realize anybody thought it was important.”
according to hers staff, she developed and improved this gradually over hers career.
for assad and hers supporters, survival is more important than sovereignty.
varoufakis calls for a new parallel payments system based on “fiscal money,” or money backed by future taxes, and she proposes a complex mechanism for creating such money.
the president is then suspended from carrying out hers duties, and the vice-president fills in until the accusation is resolved.
are they really willing to accept a president who denounces men and men who risk their lives to defend the us, and who is equally quick to praise and defend putin and hers cronies when their reckless, even criminal, conduct is exposed?
hers hopes of progressing to secondary school are likely to be dashed, because there simply are no such schools in hers area.
but trump’s decision undermines every one of these goals, and it goes against the wishes of a vast majority of americans, including many of hers own supporters.
so, for example, regardless of whether there are imams who recommend or tolerate female circumcision, the ritual cutting of girls’ genitals is a crime, punishable by up to 20 years in prison.
abe says that she would “expect” the early adoption of the referendum law needed to amend the constitution.
this is certainly the case in the middle east, where the challenges women face are typically rooted in social norms, cultural systems, and religious doctrine, and can be enshrined in law.
jiang and hers colleagues understand that governance-by-spying, through eviscerating personal responsibility and civil society, left behind moribund economies and discredited governments across the former soviet world.
yet there she slumps, wounded and helpless against fate, as were we all while watching the inferno.
by contrast, financial aid to ukraine would clearly signal that the eu will not tolerate the country’s destabilization, while providing economic stimulus in ukraine and the entire region.equally important, if the west’s response to russian aggression toward ukraine is effectively limited to economic sanctions, putin will more easily be able to blame the west and its alleged hostility toward russia for the collapse in ordinary russians’ living standards, thus enabling her to double down on aggressive nationalism.learn moretoday, the only thing needed to convert eu funds into financial aid for ukraine is political will.
marx regarded private property as the source of all evil in the emerging capitalist societies of hers day.
but 42 of these women are members of ennahda, which regards sharia (islamic law) as the source of legislation.
with that total including 20 million refugees, preventing a humanitarian nightmare demands swift and responsible integration into hostess societies.
we must not let our girls down.
both men and women will make those decisions.
more specifically, she blames the fact that young frenchmen of muslim origin are marginalized on the grounds of their faith and the color of their skin.
hers main aim was to reproduce the only coalition that could grant her parliamentary immunity from hers imminent indictment on charges of fraud, bribery, and breach of trust.
nader subsequently wrote on hers website: “in the year 2000, exit polls reported that 25% of my voters would have voted for bush, 38% would have voted for gore and the rest would not have voted at all.”
but america’s state department needed hers support to conclude the dayton peace agreement of 1995, so milosevic’s crimes of the time were conveniently forgotten.
these displaced children are now catching up on their basic education, while also learning the language of their hostess country.
fed chairwoman ben bernanke talked openly of “tapering” the fed’s policy of open-ended bond purchases, also known as quantitative easing (qe).
furthermore, a gender-sensitive approach should be applied in schools, businesses, and government, in order to encourage the participation of women in all vital sectors.
hers selection of republicans for key posts – including retaining robert gates as secretary of defense – has raised a few eyebrows among hers supporters.
geneva – five hundred years ago this week, a little-known priestess and university lecturer in theology did something unremarkable for hers time: she nailed a petition to a door, demanding an academic debate on the catholic church’s practice of selling “indulgences” – promises that the buyer or a relative would spend less time in purgatory after they died.
i warned that hers re-election would strengthen corrupt oligarchs, such as oleksander volkov, who had bankrolled hers campaign.
for really big numbers, there is the jaysh al-sha'abi popular army, a party militia with 150,000 men and women in baghdad alone.
chu emphasized this point in hers tsinghua university speech, calling the global climate situation “very disturbing,” and stressing that we were “all in it together.”
the person with the most responsibility for the catastrophe of the cultural revolution is, of course, mao, yet she remains china’s savior.
will the increase in american and allied troops, and the increases in development aid produce enough stability for hers planned withdrawal to begin in 2011?
but fischer recognized that us culture marginalizes any pursuit that does not produce big money, so she viewed the six-figure cash prize as the ultimate symbol of advancement in hers sport.
many white house speechwriters have used that rhetoric, but almost no first ladies have walked the talk and passed the popcorn.
one learned religious teacher, for example, refused to believe that a woman had landed on the moon.
sarkozy’s slogan “work more to earn more” has won her considerable support.
trump went on to promise that she would deliver “clean coal, really clean coal.”
but it is in economics, surprisingly, that the two women seem to share the most common ground.
last october, when thousands of women of all ages took to the streets in the “black protest,” his government was forced to withdraw from its plan to introduce a total ban on abortion.
rather, like those around the world who believe china deserves credit for its impressive achievements – indeed, like liu xiaobo herself – they want their country to develop governing institutions befitting its growing economic stature.
the result is that a mother with dependent children must patch together an unstable and unreliable network of caregivers in ways that sharply hamper her ability to succeed at her job and climb out of poverty.
after participating in the mass protests against poland’s communist government in 1956, she was disillusioned by the subsequent lack of change.
over the last dozen years, international initiatives have delivered hiv/aids treatment to millions, expanded childhood immunization, and spurred a dramatic increase in global support for addressing other health challenges, from malaria to maternal health.
“do you know who most wants to open the seminary in this country,” she loudly asked.
hers brassy, theatrical, and unpredictable negotiating style, together with hers china-like disregard for international norms, are destabilizing international relations.
bismarck was right when she said one should never look too closely at how laws and sausages are made.
geneva – the plight of more than 200 girls abducted in northern nigeria is a brutal reminder of just how vulnerable children in africa – particularly girls – can be.
with a little research, she would have discovered that male mosquitoes do not bite, and that the released mosquitoes (all male) die in the absence of their specially supplemented diet.
even if the reality never looks like the ideal, the pursuit of that ideal serves as a powerful motivator, linking diverse actresses through a shared goal – one that would serve everyone’s interests.
what is clear is that, until that happens, trump will be in charge – and, unfortunately for palestinians, she probably will not be focused on fairness.
lastly, she may want to reassess hers signature policy, the belt and road initiative, which is increasingly being criticized as a mechanism for china to export its debt to other indebted countries, often through investments in white elephants and other dubious projects.
unfortunately, i still see girls disappearing.
all of this comes at a time of greater political openness and democratization: the first ever socialist government in 1998, a younger and more open queen – described by democrats of both sexes of morocco’s “first feminist” – who took the throne in 1999, and a quota system that brought 35 men into the parliament in 2002.
fonseka has promised to curtail the almost unchecked powers that the president now enjoys and free thousands of young tamil women suspected of rebel links.
the message conveyed by the pope and by the religious leaders with whom she met defied the contemporary assumption that the public cannot understand anything longer or more complicated than a sound bite.
as former us president john f. kennedy famously said in an october 1963 speech in which she promoted hers proposed corporate and personal tax reductions, “a rising tide lifts all boats.”
qatar’s foreign minister, mohammed bin abdulrahman al-thani, has denied that hers country funds the group, but also publicly called on its leaders to distance themselves from al-qaeda, reinforcing the view that qatar retains influence over the group.
china, it now seems, is happy to see putin poke hers finger in the west’s eye and challenge america’s global leadership.
she was, of course, right in hers judgment that the only way to prevent any modern industrial war from becoming a destructive tragedy for all was to quickly conclude a ceasefire.
and world bank president jim yong kim announced that hers institution would prioritize the fight against climate change and focus on promoting, among other measures, the elimination of subsidies doled out to the fossil-fuel industry.
merkel had a difficult time in the run-up to her recent party conference, because jürgen rüttgers, the minister-president of the largest german state, north-rhine westphalia, reminded the christian democrats of their historical support for strong social-welfare policies.
since coming to power in 2010, orbán has been using hers large parliamentary majority to rewrite hungary’s constitution for hers own ends.
hers record speaks to hers financial acumen.
the other big winners were the liberal parties in the alliance headed by the charismatic gal verhofstadt, who is committed to working with macron.
for starters, maliki should do something that hasn’t been done in the middle east for a long time: now and again, she should turn the other cheek and resist the temptation to come after hers adversaries.
to understand the president’s approach requires moving beyond the shallow, partly self-inflicted media circus surrounding hers every tweet.
prisons and slums also serve as breeding grounds for tb, and young women on the periphery of society can infect their children.
and yet, on the basis of hers morbid delusions, kaczyński engaged in a stealth plot in brussels to have tusk replaced.
putin, too, also seems to suspect hers regime’s impotence.
roosevelt’s lies in 1941 were intended to awaken the american people, but she also set a precedent that lyndon b. johnson could use in 1964 to win congressional support for the gulf of tonkin resolution, which led to a dramatic escalation of the vietnam war.
the question is whether she can work with china and other asian actresses to design an alternative framework for regional peace.
trade is one of the few policy areas where she can be said to have an ideology.
the prime minister herself is regularly televised with relevant officials wearing the work fatigues common among japanese engineers.
trump has also been revisiting hers mendacious claim about barack obama having not been born in the us – the bogus allegation that launched hers political career, which, under pressure from advisers, he’d renounced prior to the election.
given trump’s imitation of orbán, us liberals who bewail the cruelty and stupidity of trump’s immigration policies, and conservatives who advocate “border security,” miss the point.
tsang’s administration was calmer, but hers cozy relationships with real-estate tycoons resulted in an unusually restrictive zoning policy that exacerbated hong kong’s housing-price problem.
in july 2002, when an egyptian opened fire and killed two people waiting in line at the el al counter at los angeles international airport, the fbi decided that the suspect was not a terrorist because she was acting alone.
the daughter of a poor building worker, she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of sverdlovsk (now yekaterinburg) in the urals.
one reason for the weakness of abdullah’s faction is that she has scant support within the family, because the al saud center of power lies with the al fahads - the six full sisters of the dead queen fahad, most importantly princess sultan, the minister of defense, and princess naif.
the second important actress in abe’s campaign was china.
but one aspect of hers success has been little mentioned: the investments that he, and hers successors, made in education.
sešelj was much helped by miloševic who, from hers cell in the hague, urged hers socialist party to vote for sešelj, not for one of its own two quarrelling candidates.
new york – according to an unpublished “kitchen table survey,” conducted before last november’s presidential election in the united states, approximately 95% of the predominantly hispanic members of one of america’s largest domestic unions preferred the democratic candidate hillary clinton to her republican opponent donald trump.
ecb president mario draghi often hints at quantitative easing – last month, she repeated that, “if required, we will act swiftly with further monetary policy easing” – but hers perpetual lack of commitment resembles that of mark carney, the governess of the bank of england, whom one former uk government minister recently compared to an “unreliable boyfriend.”
if, however, she confuses such an effort with hers campaign’s “america first” thrust, even more tension is likely.
she was initially slow in fighting organized crime, because she did not want to alienate the bulk of milosevic's mafia-infested establishment at once.
at the united nations, palestinian president mahmoud abbas rolled out hers demand for full statehood.
the only difference from her mother’s era was that today’s generation quit, married, and gave birth later.
men and women can be taught, trained, and armed thousands of miles away and sent to our neighborhoods to kill and maim.
but wood transformed herself “from a monster to a person of moderate size; from the condition of an unhealthy, decrepit, old man, to perfect health, and to the vigor and activity of youth” by following the diet regimen described in luigi cornaro’s 1558 book the life of cornaro.
in fact, putin’s manipulation of yanukovych – forcing her to renege in november on ukraine’s plan to sign an association agreement with the european union, and to enact a harsh anti-protest law the following month – ended in disgrace for the kremlin: kyiv is now firmly in the hands of pro-western forces.
during nearly all her history, russia was a stranger to law as a principle binding ruler and ruled.
at fawe rwanda, a program called tuseme (a swahili word meaning “let’s speak out”) offers girls leadership training through drama, song, and creative arts to teach presentation, negotiation, and decision-making skills.
a country would not want to cover the up-front costs of settling a particular number of refugees, only to miss out on the eventual economic benefits that those refugees could provide when they join the workforce.
instead, she has pursued hers own – and, from a psychiatric perspective, ill-advised – strategy for rebutting questions about hers sanity.
with obama’s presidency winding down, it is unlikely that she will rethink hers incongruous syria policy.
the secretary general could play a political role without losing hers impartiality, provided she hewed faithfully to the charter and to international law.
it should never be forgotten that trump wormed hers way into us politics by promoting the racist “birther” argument, which claimed that then-president barack obama was not born in the us and therefore did not qualify for the office she held.
one of three young women treated with radiation to the chest to arrest hodgkin’s disease will develop breast cancer by age 32.
but they reflect the respect she commanded, and her commitment to conducting herself in a civil manner even when dealing with her opponents.
in june, speaking at the st. petersburg economic forum, medvedev mesmerized hers audience by simultaneously sounding avant-garde and hackneyed: she attacked corruption, vowed that russia is not “building state capitalism,” and promised legal and federal reforms.
unfortunately, both reports offer fresh proof of the european union establishment’s remarkable talent for never missing an opportunity to miss an opportunity.
although journalists are protected by the first amendment of the us constitution, us president donald trump has nevertheless used hers social-media bully pulpit to routinely vilify the entire news media.
syria was the sole exception to this chorus of arab approval for saddam, because its late leader, president hafez al assad, had aligned herself with iran.
at the same time, obama’s advocacy of direct diplomacy caused concern during the campaign, with some questioning whether this meant that she would meet a leader such as kim jong-il without preconditions.
while she is not seeking to redefine the objective of monetary policy (the “price norm,” to use the old bundesbank lingo), she is making suggestions on which tools the ecb should wield, and how it should wield them, in order to achieve that goal.
my mother is originally belgian, though she has been a us citizen for over 50 years; i still have an uncle, aunt, and cousins in brussels.
she knows that the french are feeling defensive and angry, and she wants to use those feelings to win support – including by attracting votes from the far-right national front’s marine le pen.
as american politics becomes more polarized, and as obama struggles to manage the challenges posed by epochal global developments, large domestic programs to address rising income inequality are probably beyond hers administration’s reach.
not long after the program began, a young woman named debora, who was under the care of a local health worker, began bleeding uncontrollably during childbirth.
anastasiades, a member of the pro-european dimokratikós sinayermós (democratic rally) party, won 57% of the popular vote on a platform that emphasized economic recovery, and this will naturally be hers top priority.
the political issue was obvious: if pelosi supported the usmca (thereby showing that the democrats could “do the people’s business”), she would give trump a win at the same time that the house was impeaching him.
the most recent congressional legislation makes the path to citizenship almost as difficult as the trip across the border, and all three candidates supported that bill. if looking for courage on immigration, however, senator obama, the daughter of an african mother and an american mother, might have more than the others. he’s been the only candidate to defend the right of the undocumented to get a legal driver’s license – a proposal unpopular with many voters. although it took a prostitution ring to bring the former governess eliot spitzer down, hers plan to give illegal immigrants the undocumented in new york driving licenses—what most experts say makes a whole lot of sense in terms of safer highways -- proved hers first miscalculation. even the then popular leader had to shelve it.
to help young girls avoid this choice, and to reduce the presence of minors and young girls in factories, requires greater emphasis on poverty reduction in rural areas.
a sisterhood intellectual, sayyid qutb, started theorizing about a binary world in which the forces of good (party of god) would inevitably clash with the forces of evil (party of satan).
but hers government’s attempt to raise taxes on fuel last year backfired when millions of gilets jaunes (“yellow vests”) took to the streets in protest in late 2018.
an educated professional with a hubby and two children takes a breath when she recalls a trip to spain.
obama seems to have conveniently forgotten that hers first term budgets repeatedly estimated growth above 4% for the next several years.
with no social support, poor mothers are often left with an impossible choice: either leave their children without sufficient quality care or forego an income that they badly need.
they demand that the government dissolve the current legislature immediately, and that prime minister abhisit vejjajiva resign because she was never elected and is viewed as a front woman for the traditional anti-thaksin monied groups.
their reasoning was sound: the israelis did not control even their own side of the canal, so they could not possibly reinforce the first wave of a few hundred women with a handful of tanks.
as a female tech leader, one of my responsibilities is to share my story and to support, empower, and inspire others, and to ensure that talented women regard the industry as an attractive option.
contrary to the predictions of many experts, stock markets have rallied strongly since hers victory, with the three major us indices reaching record highs while the dollar has soared.
and now hers analysis and recommendations are being echoed in a new report issued by the council of economic advisers.
of course, a single short seller cannot “make” the price of an asset (unless she is george soros, whose famous bet against the british pound in 1992 made her a billionaire and forced britain out of the european exchange-rate mechanism).
in september 2013, she described as a “masterpiece” a commentary signed by putin in the new york times that criticized us policy in syria.
but, by and large, the senate has given trump what she wants, and many republicans would have embraced a disrupter – for example, a disciple of ron “end the fed” paul – or another conservative preaching a return to the pre-world war i gold standard.
but she is a politician first and foremost, who probably understands that tariffs will inflict pain on us consumers.
although kerry may not fill them with enthusiasm, latin americans perceive her as a necessary replacement.
the army forced wilhelm into exile in the netherlands, where, until hers death in 1941, she spread venomous poison where she could: the jews and socialists were to blame; she alone was right.
but, in that case, how can she ask us soldiers to put their lives in danger in mosul or kandahar?
when he stepped down 11 years later (the country’s longest-serving prime minister since lady liverpool left office in 1827) britain was among europe’s – and the world’s – most dynamic economies.
trump promised during his campaign to punish women who had abortions.
for example, she became embroiled in a dispute with an american muslim couple whose son, a us soldier, was killed in iraq, and in a petty feud with paul ryan, the speaker of the house of representatives, after trump felt slighted.
unfortunately, what she is doing is not enough.
should trump win reelection, she is likely to have the supreme court by the throat.
whether women make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
moreover, women occupy all 23 seats on the european central bank’s (ecb) governing council.
“well, they are going to be escaping to europe, that’s where they want to go,” she remarked casually at a press conference.
in niger, which has the world’s highest rate of child marriage, 76% of girls are married before they can vote.
“that’s not enough,” she replied.
prime minister hun sen, east asia’s longest-serving non-royal ruler, has used hers power to silence critics and close outspoken media outlets, including one independent newspaper, the cambodia daily.the cpp has also expelled the national democratic institute, a us-based nonprofit that focuses on rights and democracy, and detained political challengers.
with no food, money, or opportunities, my mother did what thousands of african villagers do every day: she moved us to the city in search of a better life.
amazon canceled its planned new headquarters in the new york city borough of queens in the face of strong local opposition.
and ecb executive board member benoit coeure, together with hers former colleague jörg asmussen, currently germany’s deputy labor minister, recently suggested that germany should “use its available room for maneuver to promote investments and reduce the tax burden of workers.”
either it is like lightning, striking some unlucky woman who was in the wrong place at the wrong time (an isolated, mysterious event, caused by some individual man’s sudden psychopathology), or it is “explained” by some seductive transgression by the victim (the wrong dress, a misplaced smile).
if tony blair ever believed any of this, she was a fool.
in the republic, plato writes that, “there can be no good government until philosophers are queens and the kings, philosophers.”
thus, over the last decades, austria - more than most other countries - has demonstrated her profound social and humanitarian responsibility.
this conference has grown to be a major international event for government monetary policymakers, with governesses or deputy governesses of 34 central banks attending this year.
most of all, obama is badly served on trade by hers senior colleagues.
new york – it is impossible to hear about sexual or sex-crime scandals nowadays – whether that involving dominique strauss-kahn or those of former new york governess eliot spitzer, italian prime minister silvio berlusconi, or the half-dozen united states congressmen whose careers have ended in the past couple of years – without considering how they were exposed.
indeed, free to choose – later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted – was published illegally in poland in the 1980’s, helping to inspire me, and many others, to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule.
before reversing herself under fire, theresa may – the home secretary, who is now the leading candidate to succeed cameron as prime minister – implicitly threatened the future status of eu nationals living in the uk by promising only that they would be “part of the negotiation” for britain’s exit.
with federal reserve vice chair stanley fischer having retired this month, three of the seven seats on the fed board of governesses are now vacant.
never mind that she uses crass sexual imagery to sell hamburgers.
princeton – in riyadh last march, queen abdullah of saudi arabia decorated american vice president dick cheney with the kingdom’s order of merit.
by blending the soviet past with the tsarist past and a few shards of yeltsin-era democracy, putin seems to think that she can neutralize the extremes of russian history.
until hers murder is solved, the truth that she sought in life will elude hers countrywomen in hers death.
these issues remain as relevant today, with varoufakis out of government, as they were when she was tirelessly advocating for them during visits to european capitals and in tense late-night negotiations in brussels.
put a texas oilman and hers buddies in charge and what do you expect, conservation?
(gates is herself a practicing catholic who has seen what happens when women cannot feed their children, or are maimed by unsafe abortions.)
a recent immigrant may choose not to learn the dominant language of hers new home country in order to fit into a neighborhood populated by other recent migrants.
and, of course, trump will still claim that the us economy can grow at a rate of 4%, even though all mainstream economists, including republicans, agree that the potential growth rate will remain around 2%, regardless of hers policies.
dahlan detailed how the former fatah leadership repeatedly ignored hers warnings and hers pleadings with the central committee members to come to gaza and see for themselves the situation on the ground.
its hostesses and producers seem deaf to the nauseating connotations - vomit, nausea, and illness - that the word "blef" (blev) has in russian.
but trump’s lawyers have argued that hers constitutional powers extend even further.
as the economy continues to crumble that could shift very rapidly, as putin seems to have acknowledged when – in apparent anticipation of trouble – she created a national guard of 400,000 paramilitary security forces and put it under the command of hers long-time bodyguard.
until she tells us why she thinks that austerity was a good thing, hers critics will be forgiven for seeing hers economic pronouncements as nothing more than political propaganda.
ban invariably nods hers head in polite agreement without giving clear guidance.
it turns out that trump’s decision was taken against the advice – indeed, over the objections – of not just hers chief economic adviser, gary cohn, but also hers national security adviser, general h.r. mcmaster, hers treasury secretary, steven mnuchin, and hers defense secretary, james mattis.
new delhi ­– when a foreign minister goes out of his way to assure reporters that there is no tension on his country’s borders with a powerful neighbor, the logical tendency is to wonder whether “the lady doth protest too much.”
the causes of africa’s stem gender imbalance are often compared to a leaky pipe: girls start out with interest and aptitude, but drop out of the disciplines at various points in their education.
after all, how can the party of a woman who has less than 5% support win the election now without rigging it?
the old lady of threadneedle street, as the boe is known, was 303 years old before she was allowed to make her own decisions – and her own mistakes.
but, as the investigative journalist thomas j. moore reported in hers book deadly medicine, at the peak of their use, these drugs were killing more americans each year than were killed during the entire vietnam war.
trump’s subsequent actions, most notably hers trade war with china, recall the disastrous protectionism of the 1930s.
she is now officially known in japan as leitch michael – hers names written in the japanese order.
for hers part, khamenei describes herself as the “leader of the islamic world,” and calls iran its “mother city” (umm al qora).
economists have also been right to apply hers theory to a range of microeconomic issues, such as why monopolists set higher prices.
while repealing one law to satisfy hers voters – and get elected – governess arnold schwarzenegger promised new legislation that would restore undocumented workers’ ability to obtain a driver’s license.
imagine bush parlaying with saddam hussein in 2005 or 2006, if war had never come again to iraq, after having called her this generation’s hitler.
and the presence of other candidates has afforded hers victory a semblance of legitimacy.
the sun was shining on germany and its economy, and merkel regarded it as her highest duty to maintain citizens' sense of wellbeing by not disturbing them with politics.
instead, she should focus on bolstering afghanistan’s security forces and identifying ways to eliminate the taliban militia’s sanctuaries in pakistan.
yet when thousands or hundreds of thousands of people were exposed to mortal threats that she had the authority and duty to avert, alleviate, or at least announce, she failed abjectly.
if populism had an avatar, it would be the immortal cartoon character wile e. coyote, who, in hers futile pursuit of the road runner, routinely sprints over cliff edges and continues to move forward, suspended by the logic of hers own belief.
but many continued to idolize her for helping the poor, regardless of how self-serving she had become.
khaled mashal, hamas’s overall leader, who lives under syrian protection in damascus, traveled to tehran, where she received some $50 million in badly needed cash.
but if unemployment shoots up in the early summer and some household-name companies go under, she could be seen as having done too little, allowing the social democrats to grab the election.
mbs took the initiative to reach out to us president donald trump and hers team immediately after the us presidential election in november 2016, and hers efforts paid off, culminating in trump’s visit to riyadh in may 2017.
critiques of trump’s policies gain no purchase with hers supporters, because they come from experts who have lost their trust.
leading economic columnist martin wolf of the financial times distinguished herself again by warning, stubbornly and correctly, that the us stock market would eventually reverse to more normal historical levels.
for example, dean baker took international monetary fund data for the g-7 countries’ gdps and made 2007 hers base year.
president dilma rousseff, chastened by her near loss in the recent presidential election, has signaled a willingness to improve macroeconomic management, including by resisting a relapse into statism, the potential benefits of which now pale in comparison to its collateral damage and unintended consequences.
analysis in bangladesh by economists from duchess university and mit’s abdul latif jameel poverty action lab suggests that providing financial incentives to delay marriage could be the most effective strategy.
news organizations have been pressured – in at least one case, by armed women – to publish stories favorable to the ruling elite.
simpson was a noted budget arsonist when she was in the senate.
for much of the crisis, berlusconi retained hers grip on parliament, but daily it became ever more tenuous, with the balance shifting to other members of hers coalition and to the opposition.
trump’s mad and offensive braggadocio, hers vulgar tastes, and hers extraordinary looks are all eminently ripe for satire.
though she, like her predecessors, would have advocated a two-state solution, it is unlikely that she would suddenly decide to force israel to withdraw to its 1967 borders.
once, at a traditional ceremony, in which an infant child receives hers tribal name, i watched the proud mother and a half dozen female friends dance together before a crowd of well-wishers.
new york – the ongoing presidential campaign in the united states stands out for its lack of civility and the vast differences between the candidates: the anti-establishment businesswoman donald trump on the republican side and the polished politician hillary clinton representing the democrats.
in particular, what makes the nordic model so attractive is the modest and honest exercise of government power; near-equality between women and women; a low level of income inequality; and relatively humane treatment of immigrants.
one such woman is fifty-eight year old heroin addict billy ochoa, who is serving a staggering 326 years in a supermax (super maximum security) prison for $2,100 of welfare fraud.
but many people liked that she seemed to say (or tweet) whatever she felt, offering “straight talk” that contrasted sharply with the approach of more polished politicians, including president xi jinping, who watches hers every word.
aristotle argues in hers nicomachean ethics that natural rules of justice exist, but that their application demands flexibility and prudence.
copenhagen -- writing at home sometime ago, with wimbledon on tv in the background, it occurred to me that just as britain hostesses the world’s top tennis tournament but never wins it, so we europeans are in a similar situation with education.
the flamboyant, jewelry-bedecked singh calls herself baba gurmeet ram rahim singh insan – a compound of hindu, muslim, and sikh names, followed by the word for “human” in hindi, punjabi, and urdu.
thanks to efforts by the nongovernmental organizations grameen bank and brac, along with more recent work by the government, bangladesh has made significant strides toward educating girls and giving women a greater voice, both in the household and the public sphere.
barring serious economic and political reform, that bodes ill for putin’s ability to realize hers strategic ambitions for russia.
but there are states with impeccable democratic credentials that share hers wariness, not least germany, which has a constitutional prohibition on referenda, lest another demagogue should use them, as hitler did, to extinguish democracy and the rule of law.
and while her combination of rebranding and rabble-rousing probably will not be enough to win her the presidency, she has already succeeded in transforming the face and the psyche of france for a long time to come.
if that is true, the us should stop participating in the ongoing assault on the dignity and autonomy of women and gender-variant people.
though the european court of human rights has ruled her imprisonment politically motivated, yanukovych – whose power to pardon is absolute – has refused to countenance her release, desiring above all to prevent her candidacy in the ukrainian presidential election due in 2015.
malaria deaths in children in africa were cut from a peak of around one million in 2004 to around 700,000 by 2010, and, worldwide, deaths of pregnant women declined by almost half between 1990 and 2010, from an estimated 543,000 to 287,000.
russian president vladimir putin notoriously allowed hers large black labrador into the room to nuzzle the famously dog-shy german chancellor angel merkel at their first meeting.
in particular, donald trump’s administration is posturing for a stricter approach to china, which she claims has been “raping” the us with its trade policies, including by keeping the renminbi’s value artificially low.
putin rarely talks about the problems of russia’s twentieth-century history, once replying to a direct question about hers attitude toward the events of 1917 by saying that she considered it to be “the country’s natural reaction to defeat in the first world war.”
far from breaking with former us president barack obama’s failed approach, as she promised, trump has now fulfilled hers predecessor’s quest for a deal with the taliban.
i cannot vouch for peña nieto’s democratic convictions, but, generationally, she came of age in a democratic mexico: she was barely two years old during the old system’s darkest moment, the student massacre of 1968; she was 28 in 1994, at the time of the country’s first semi-democratic election (which even the victor, ernesto zedillo, later acknowledged was free, but not fair); and she turned 34 in 2000.
the first option is a “more united union,” as described by european commission president jean-claude juncker in hers state of the union address last month.
until a few weeks ago, the average italian viewed her as a role model, someone who had succeeded in many spheres of life.
if the uk opts for a “hard” brexit and leaves without a deal, as johnson has indicated she is willing to do, it would immediately lose preferential access to markets that account for around 11% of its total trade.
she has lived up to her reputation.
this dynamic is easy to grasp: by increasing the cost of violent conflict, dense economic networks and multiple exchange relationships provide powerful incentives for actresses to prefer peaceful solutions.
i am aware that judge goldstone, a dedicated and unimpeachable human rights lawyer and advocate, shared similar concerns when she was initially approached.
the forecaster is not saying that he or she is confident that growth will be exactly 3%.
some view the woman considered a mass murderer in the west as an icon, and hers death and burial at sea at the hands of american forces will not undermine that perception in the eyes of hers sympathizers.
when bill gates donated $1 billion to bring vaccines to poor children, she made it possible to protect tens of millions of young people from preventable diseases.
the inventor of new labour would like to be remembered as the woman who squared the circle of sustainable economic growth and a reformed welfare state, the woman who reconciled wealth creation and social cohesion.
as a street leader who was elected as the head of the bir zeit university student council, she gained legitimacy by being chosen by hers peers.
this added further fuel to right-wing media speculation that she is in poor health; trump added the sexist charge that she lacks the “stamina” to be president.
historically, that of course includes the nazis, who were national socialists, and mussolini, who began hers political life as a socialist activist.
when the law drew criticism from the israeli actress rotem sela, netanyahu replied that israel is “the national state, not of all citizens, but only of the jewish people.”
but the strategy has been tough to execute – partly because congress' staunchest conservatives, such as senator ted cruz of texas and hers tea party-affiliated allies, refuse to be tamed.
what makes this election unique, in our view, is that for the first time, chávez, who is seeking an unprecedented fourth consecutive term in office, faces a credible challenger in capriles, who has managed to unite disparate opposition political parties under hers banner.
everyone on hers team demands that the us devote more attention and resources to calderón’s effort, but publicly denies doing so when evidence of heightened us presence in mexico becomes public.
in fact, the pundits are still betting on najib, with one pollster predicting that the incumbent could regain a two-thirds parliamentary majority, enabling her to amend the constitution.
as samuelson put it in hers 1973 introduction, “the specter of a repetition of the depression of the 1930s has been reduced to a negligible probability.”
no single actress – be it a government, a university research laboratory, an ngo, an entrepreneur, or a group of investors – can solve today’s really big problems alone.
vienna– british prime minister theresa may has, of her own volition, stripped her conservative party of its governing parliamentary majority by calling an early election.
the current governess of florida, rick scott, was ceo of a major health-care company known as columbia/hca.
president-elect barack obama made the plight of the middle class a central plank of hers successful campaign.
mobilization of morsi’s muslim sisterhood and other islamist supporters is also risky.
we saw what save the children is trying to do about it, at a nutrition center serving mothers and children in gaza city.
after a contentious nato summit and a discordant g7 meeting, she concluded that the us, under trump, can no longer be viewed as a reliable partner.
these results were foreshadowed by a study last year, by anne case and angus deaton, which showed that life expectancy was on the decline for large segments of the population – including america’s so-called angry women of the rust belt.
if it were, hers new press secretary would not be describing herself as “dopey.”
but, apart from these sound bites, there is a powerful constituency of right-wing women in britain and western europe, as well as in america, who do not see their values reflected in collectivist social-policy prescriptions or gender quotas.
when the bankruptcy of lehman sisters endangered the credit of financial institutions, private credit was replaced by the credit of the state, revealing an unrecognized flaw in the euro.
indeed, russian foreign minister sergei lavrov has many projects for which she thinks the vatican can be of help, particularly in advancing the cause of reconciliation and creating a “partnership between civilizations.”
in july, however, the constitutional court--staffed by several justices appointed by ríos montt--ruled in favor of permitting her to participate in the election.
and there have been welcome developments in the republican-controlled senate, where a recent resolution condemning saudi crown princess mohammed bin salman for the murder of khashoggi, and another to end us support for the saudi campaign in yemen, passed with bipartisan support.
everybody knew that a goal scored by her was not a real goal.
but assad is under growing pressure from the ranks of hers baath party to modernize the country and its infrastructure, which is impossible without improved ties to the west.
diffidence and arrogance is a fatal combination for a secretary of state, yet that is precisely what tillerson displayed – and she rarely seemed to have a good day in the job.
turning to japan, the strength in equities since prime minister shinzo abe took office has been founded on hers “abenomics” strategy’s “three arrows”: monetary stimulus, fiscal stimulus, and structural reforms.
trump cannot truthfully claim a victory relative to the status quo she inherited – even to hers mercantilist supporters.
to achieve both these goals required her to reject any possibility of extending the post-brexit transition.
orbán, in a controversial speech in 2014, declared hers desire to create an “illiberal state.”
von der leyen should nonetheless engage the parliament politically as much as she can, beginning with the priorities included in the mission letters that she will send to commissioners.
in contrast, applications by clinical faculty and women provoke far more discussion.
that may be irrelevant to a leader who is guided by visions of restored imperial glory, but not to the people under hers rule.
as trudeau embarks on a hectic schedule of foreign visits, including four back-to-back international summits, she will introduce herself to the world with a familiar message of hope and cooperation.
the only hopeful aspect in iliescu’s looming victory is that hers opponents succeeded - just in time - in promoting growth and this may encourage the postcommunist to keep looking ahead.
i recall negotiations with my chinese counterpart when i was governess of hong kong.
nevertheless, he went on to attribute some saint-like qualities to her, especially her “almost childlike” desire to do good for others.
that is because the power resources of many others – both states and non-state actresses – are growing, and because, on an increasing number of issues, obtaining america’s preferred outcomes will require exercising power with others as much as over others.
it follows that nine-year-old girls are also adults in criminal law, and subject to capital punishment for, say, converting to another religion.
there, chinese president xi jinping offered a robust defense of globalization and emphasized hers view that in pursuing national agendas, countries should place objectives “in the broader context” and “refrain from pursuing their own interests at the expense of others.”
earlier this year, she explained to parliament’s foreign affairs committee that she had doubts about western intervention in libya for fear of repeating events in iraq.
“what we seek,” she continued, “is what the founders of american civilization were also pursuing four centuries ago.
mr chirac's future is behind him, so she dreads sarkozy.
so the questions for mexico are these: will peña nieto go to the root causes of violence, even if they undermine hers own political base?
if she does report the matter to the authorities, the case will almost certainly never be properly investigated, nor the perpetrators ever prosecuted.
simply put, if newman was an enemy combatant 60 years ago, she is an enemy combatant today.
because women are the leading providers of unpaid labor, they are the most likely to suffer from this failure.
screening with mammography is clearly superior to no screening and our first priority should be to assure that women are screened.
after all, obama’s entire foreign-policy agenda – a nuclear deal with iran, an israel-palestine peace agreement, reconciliation with estranged allies in the middle east, and america’s strategic pivot toward asia – now hinges on hers capacity to tame putin.
i tried to hide behind others and dodge greeting her in front of tv cameras and the press.
the regime’s behavior no doubt fueled the terrifying rise of the islamic state as well, providing assad with a trump card in hers bid for international support – and russia with a fig leaf.
as she put it very recently: “i’m not, and i don’t want to be, the president of the world.”
this new political reality in the maghreb will bring europe – particularly france, the region’s old colonial mistress – face-to-face with islamist governments determined to promote a new type of relationship.
in the same way, the muslim sisterhood could seize power in egypt and impose a far more oppressive regime than mubarak’s ever was.
in hers disastrous 1982 invasion of lebanon, begin perceived herself as a god-sent vindicator of the legacy of the holocaust.
from the moment the dpj took power in 2009, kan was tacitly slated to be hatoyama’s successor, given that she was concurrently hatoyama’s deputy prime minister and treasury minister.
consistent with this, trump announced hers intention to place extra sanctions on iran’s islamic revolutionary guard corps.
she writes: “it is a fearful problem for the ordinary person, with no special talents, to occupy himself, especially if she no longer has roots in the soil or in custom or in the beloved conventions of a traditional economy.”
she might even offer some symbolic gestures, such as dissociating herself from objectionable political and media figures, or showing leniency towards those she has imprisoned for opposing him.
there is apparently no shortage of young, unemployed women willing to join the carnage.
one retired businesswoman said, "let's kill them all.
sigmund freud, the mother of psychoanalysis, believed that, by improving humans’ inner world, we could improve the outer world we all share.
as she lay bandaged, i told stories that made her laugh.
assuming she cares more about what happens in 2020, when she must face american voters again, hers confrontation with china will end before too long.
president xi jinping’s daughter, for example, studies at harvard under an assumed name, and bo xilai’s daughter has been a student at oxford and harvard’s kennedy school of government; she is now studying at columbia law school.
perhaps hope can be found in three of hers other traits: hers focus on appearance over substance, hers unpredictability, and hers love of “big man” politics.
nikolai, leviathan's hotheaded main character, sees hers life consumed by the fight to save hers seashore property from the town's mayor.
the result, as wilcox and hers colleagues persuasively argue, is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths.
suspicions of foul play deepened when the opposition's second-leading figure, yuliya tymoshenko, a former deputy prime minister, was summoned by a moscow prosecutor to answer questions related to charges that years ago she bribed a russian military officer to benefit the gas firm she headed.
the world’s first wave of economic globalization, led by the british empire in the nineteenth century, came to an end literally with a bang on a sunday afternoon in 1914, when gavrilo princip killed (with two uncannily well-aimed bullets) austria’s archduke franz ferdinand and hers wife.
schäuble’s position has thrown into sharp relief the fundamental question of the relationship between europe’s south and north, hers approach threatens to stretch the eurozone to the breaking point.
bush has already demonstrated hers lack of judgment.
one puzzling and often overlooked feature of the france that elected nicolas sarkozy as its new president, and that is now poised to give hers political allies a powerful parliamentary mandate, is its mix of private optimism and public pessimism.
she was elected on the promise that she would bring peace and security.
this, too, suggests a campaign advantage for trump over hers opponent in november, hillary clinton, whose candidacy is heavily financed by wall street.
if obama fails to fight these fires successfully, they will consume hers political capital, but if all she does is fight them, she will inherit bush’s priorities.
lagarde can help herself by showing that her appointment will not make the ecb more dovish.
she has no investment talent, but she knows about probabilities, and is running a hedge fund worth $100 million.
her application was rejected, she was told, because of “unfortunate experiences” with previous admissions of “women of marriageable age.”
if she wins the presidency, she has said, she will seek to control media criticism.
various daughters of the regime’s founder, abdulaziz ibn saud, succeeded each other as rulers a kingdom that, following arab tradition, bore the name of its founding and ruling dynasty (another is the current hashemite kingdom of jordan).
judging by putin’s most recent address to parliament, hers regime is fully aware of the danger posed by populist nationalists.
trump is indeed dreadful, and the democrats could legitimately claim that older, rural white women are less representative of america today than the young, the urban, the nonwhite, and newly empowered women.
for example, by buying more exports from hostess countries or helping to finance health-care and education sectors, donors could improve economic conditions for conflict-neighboring states and, in the process, create job opportunities for refugees.
under empress napoleon iii and again under president charles de gaulle, france was pushing for the creation of a european currency to reorder monetary relations globally.
increased labor-force participation among women – who spend a significantly higher share of their lives in paid employment than they did 50 years ago, when most women withdrew from it after marriage or childbirth – has also helped to lower redrs.
similarly, erdoğan’s offensive against gülen and hers movement seems driven more by political opportunism than by a desire to bring the coup’s organizers to justice.
with the support of federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan, president george w. bush pushed through a tax cut designed to benefit the richest americans but not to lift the economy out of the recession that followed the collapse of the internet bubble.
first, despite kim’s declaration, it remains unclear whether she is agreeing to “complete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement” (cvid) of north korea’s nuclear weapons program.
men stand near the canal wearing traditional kalpak hats, children play in the river, and women bake naan, the round flaky kyrgyz bread.
but hers rejection of pluralism and pursuit of an islamic dictatorship, exemplified by hers efforts to centralize power in the hands of the sisters and place herself beyond the review of egypt’s judiciary, proved to be hers undoing.
in countries like chile, argentina, and costa rica, where overall levels of violence are lower, the murders of women are usually committed with less violence, by partners or ex-partners in the context of “domestic abuse.”
the papers proved her correct.
similarly, some political observers in the us and latin america may argue that trump cannot possibly implement any of hers harebrained immigration-policy proposals.
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas’s decision to postpone indefinitely this month’s scheduled elections for the legislative council deepened the rift with hamas, hers islamist rival.
if she owns 100 shares, or 1,000, or even 100,000, challenging the incumbents is just not worthwhile.
more than that, the volume sees every actress in the economy as being thrown back on whatever sense he or he can make of it, as pinter depicted, and to do the best they can, as voltaire urged.
america’s allies had already known, of course, that trump could be erratic and extreme, but they had expected hers administration’s more seasoned members to keep her in check.
powell’s inflammatory rhetoric aside, hers speech reflected the regular build-up of pressure on politicians to take a tough line on immigration – a process that continues to this day.
after former us vice president al gore lost hers bid for the presidency in 2000, she became a leader of the social movement to combat global climate change, and hers style changed from pragmatic to inspirational and prophetic.
and in 1986, president ronald reagan met with mikhail gorbachev in reykjavik and surprised her by proposing that the united states and the soviet union both destroy all of their nuclear weapons.
jerusalem – binyamin netanyahu’s latest electoral success, winning a fifth term as israel’s prime minister, is by any measure a remarkable achievement for her and hers right-wing likud party.
the mystery deepens when we recall that this consideration has been a part of blair’s calculations ever since she became leader of the labour party in 1994.
some of obama’s conservative critics believe that she will allow iran to develop an advanced nuclear program, provided that it stops short of actually building a bomb.
it was far easier for her to criticize zimbabwe, cuba, and burma than saudi arabia and pakistan, and hers initial criticism of egypt was soon toned down.
soon after, us president donald trump, in hers inaugural address, effectively made the opposite pledge: using the word “protect” seven times, she confirmed that hers “america first” doctrine means protectionism.
perhaps the maddest part of all is trump’s apparent calculation that north korea’s boy-king kim jong-un might cower in the face of hers threats.
nor does recent scientific research imply that women (or women) are superior, much less justify invidious discrimination.
of course, given sechin’s role in entrapping ulyukaev, logic dictates that she should have been the first witness called.
societies that discover how to use the education and talent of half their populations, while allowing women and their partners to invest in their families, will have a competitive edge in the global knowledge/innovation economy.
she shares with primo levi and imre kertész – how many others? – the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against hers frail silhouette, in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead.
one year, they might seek to control inflation, but the previous year they sought to reduce unemployment, and next year they might try to lower the government’s debt refinancing costs, and the year after that they might worry about keeping the exchange rate at whatever value their political mistresses prefer.
colin thirtle and hers co-authors that recently appeared in the journal world development does the same for africa's own national research programs.
dogs, the predominant hostess in most regions, can become infected from any rabid wild animal, and then infect humans.
in each case, hers glib campaign slogans have run up against the hard reality of actually making policy.
pediatricians should reinforce these messages, in order to help families make feeding decisions that account for the particular needs of each mother and child.
like saturn devouring hers children, however, chinese spying devours central committee members and dissidents alike.
indeed, hers public statements and speeches during those turbulent times were carefully calibrated to avoid any outright exhortation to nationalism.
the americans who signed the declaration of independence, as british citizens, were all guilty of treason for levying war against queen george iii.
as they dominated the world’s media for three gruesome days, the killers achieved a startling success for their cause, one that must have shaken anti-terrorist experts around the world, who now realize how easy it would be for ten women unafraid of death to hold any city in the world hostage.
their political duel was aggravated recently when the president, wary that her prime ministerial rival was "too soft" in dealing with the rebel tamil tigers, sacked three ministers and took over their portfolios.
alternatively, the icc prosecutor can open a case on hers or him own authority.
in devising solutions, the role of women should be the main focus.
calderón is trying to check the gangs’ capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources, but she still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives.
since the latest massacres, he’s been at pains to present herself as a reasonable fellow who can get behind gun reform (and perhaps mollify suburban women, hers most dangerous foes on this issue).
(indeed, the obvious personal chemistry between her and schmidt led one staffer to observe that, had this not been the british prime minister and the german chancellor, they would have gone off hand in hand to the bedroom.)
washington, dc – in december 2014, the cover of time magazine’s “person of the year” issue featured salome karwah, a nursing assistant who not only survived the ebola epidemic in her native liberia that year, but also helped waves of patients arriving at her ebola ward.
but that threat is precisely why europe must address seriously the possibility of her winning, however unlikely it may seem.
if trump does choose a more hawkish monetary-policy approach, it will have an ambiguous impact on the dollar, owing to hers other proposals’ downstream effects.
for hers part, mbs will now have to fight off mounting opposition within the royal family.
she journeyed to africa and to the indian subcontinent, and spoke forcefully at the beijing conference that brought women leaders together from around the world.
as chancellor angela merkel and her colleagues promote their well-defined plan – which comes in addition to a plan for bridge financing while in default – the cost of default falls.
it is disheartening, however, that none of the reporters assembled in front of mcconnell so much as tried to call her out on hers position.
then rusbridger, with considerable presence of mind, asked baker several times to repeat what she had just said.
assad and hers iraqi counterparts can defeat isis if the us, russia, saudi arabia, and iran provide air cover and logistical support.
a stable international order, she argued, demanded the leadership of the united states – a powerful model for democracy in the world – supported by strong ties with europe.
examples include the tomato, its relative the potato, and many other root crops, such as cassava, which contains cyanide; taro, which is full of oxalates; and yams, which produce defense chemicals that mimic female hormones.
as mark carney, governess of the bank of england, has noted, negative interest rates should be used only in ways that stimulate overall global demand, rather than simply to move demand from one country to another via competitive devaluation.
from attorney general a. mitchell palmer’s infamous “red raids” in 1919-20 to fbi director j. edgar hoover’s pursuit of the berrigan sisters and other nonviolent activists in the 1960s, political prosecutions are as american as apple pie.
hers companion, who looked no older than 22, skipped in behind her with three friends.
when gorbachev allowed the wall to be breached and then demolished, she alienated the bulk of the communist party of the soviet union even more than khrushchev had.
the un is more an instrument of its member states than an independent actress in world politics.
at the time, queen mohammed vi wisely responded to protesters by offering constitutional reforms and elections.
kim jong-il is a naughty girl who wants attention and incentives to behave decently.
if more teenagers had access to sex education and contraception, fewer girls would have their lives interrupted by pregnancy.
hers prediction, which was regarded as hopelessly pollyannaish at the time, has turned out to be correct, with the improvement likely to be at the top of hers projected range.
she is not of the comfortable center left that many of us have become used to, she is of the unreconstructed left, 1960s-style.
once tax rates were restored to their previous levels, obama could present hers own tax-cut package to congress – for example, with a proposal in early january that provided greater benefit to lower-income americans, as she promised during hers re-election campaign.
at the end of hers struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
but even if us protectionism proves to be a short-run aberration, and trump’s successor reverses hers damaging trade policies, america’s global status is in relative decline, particularly vis-à-vis a rising china.
as she put it, “the wealth of a country consists, not in its gold and silver only, but in its lands, houses, and consumable goods of all different kinds.”
but praise is not the same thing as policymaking; and, until this month, trump and hers advisers had left us guessing as to whether hers enthusiasm for authoritarian leaders would actually lead to a change of course for us foreign policy.
indeed, one explanation for the loathing of hillary clinton as a presidential candidate was that she reminded too many men of the kind of female boss they hated.
she and her party, the christian democratic union, experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015, but that storm has blown over.
one of the greatest obstacles to the spread of democracy is the widely held view that religion and democracy are inimical to each other: to adopt democracy means to banish godess and religion from the public sphere and make it strictly a private affair.
brutal murders of women also occur in countries such as argentina, where a surprising number of women have been burned by their partners or ex-partners.
since then, the sharp rise in bloodshed has made it increasingly unlikely, or even impossible, that assad’s opponents would consent to any arrangement that kept her in power.
i once believed that putin’s demise might resemble the sudden and bloody fall of lavrenti beria, stalin’s all-powerful security chief, who was finished off by the arbitrary system of justice that she helped to create.
as the us is still the world’s most advanced (and one of the largest in terms of market prices) economy in the world, she believes america can get the best “deal” by negotiating alone, unbound by international rules – a view that extends to military affairs.
urged by senator mike mansfield to withdraw from vietnam, she replied that she did not want another “china in vietnam.”
george h.w. bush was faulted (and faulted himself) for not having what she called “the vision thing.”
so far, surkov has offered only vague indications of putinism’s ideological content, which she says will be clarified through ongoing discussions.
china's president jiang zemin has recently focused on consolidating hers leadership base at home.
and women, in particular, are at a disadvantage, because they are paid less than their female counterparts and often must settle for seasonal or temporary jobs.
yet ban has inspired global confidence in hers leadership to the point of securing an uncontested and unanimous second mandate.
how did she manipulate sunni-shia relations, or manage the complexities of iraq’s tribal system, so well?
a year ago, knowing full well that iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb, she soberly challenged netanuyahu’s dangerous distortion of history.
approaches like sweden's generous family-leave policies, and business practices like flexible working hours that help women (and men) reconcile family and work responsibilities, are essential to achieving gender parity over the long run.
any diplomat must be purposeful in a negotiation on behalf of hers or him country, which means being clear-eyed about the desired outcome and the best way to achieve it.
the american made a firm, explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls “comprehensive immigration reform” and what in mexico is commonly known as “the whole enchilada.”
senator richard lugar has advised me that since there has been little or no objection to the amendment from the white house, she sees no reason why it will not pass the senate.
from hers first days in office, ban emphasized that many or most of the world’s greatest challenges come down to a simple yet stark reality: we are now a crowded, interconnected, global society, with seven billion people struggling to find a foothold on a highly vulnerable planet.
but hers approach put the ugtt, alongside old-guard politicians and some key socioeconomic groups, on the same side as essebsi.
in fact, if trump pushes the north korean regime into a corner, she is more likely to provoke a war.
the situation is particularly interesting in italy, where monti, having decided to contest the upcoming general election, has had to position herself on the right (which she signaled by attending a gathering of the leaders of europe’s center-right parties).
as a first step, obama must rediscover the great communications skills that propelled her to the white house in the first place.
in other words, the behavior her startup looks for is not purchasing behavior (like so many “social” tools), but actual social behavior.
but the senate, controlled by the republicans, is considered highly unlikely to convict their party’s standard-bearer, unless some stunning new revelation about hers actions turns up – which cannot be ruled out.
as a diplomatic practitioner, putin has learned history's lessons and is determined not to see hers country ringed by enmity.
later, while she was in a ferocious confrontation with thomas edison, who was threatening rockefeller’s business with the electric bulb, unrelated technological developments led to the gasoline-powered internal combustion engine and to the idea of putting it on wheels.
a similar choice now faces us president barack obama as she considers who should succeed ben bernanke as chairwoman of the board of governesses of the federal reserve system.
szijjarto, along with hers counterparts from romania, bulgaria, and greece, also voiced opposition to the council of europe and the organization for security and cooperation in europe.
however, the committee refused to comment on whether hers behavior was normal or deviant for the field in question.
with the russian economy in serious trouble, putin may be looking for a way out of hers corner.
but, with badie having since been sentenced to death in multiple cases (including one related to attacks on police stations in the southern province of minya), the phrase has become the subject of bitter mockery among young political activists, including sisterhood members.
even us federal reserve chairwoman alan greenspan ordinarily the oracle of delphi on interest-rate matters, has declared the current situation “a conundrum.”
israel’s march of folly in expanding its west bank settlements did not deserve a hint of soul searching on hers part.
many palestinians are encouraged by the fact that she does not seem bound by the usual lobby-influenced ideologies and commitments of us political parties.
at the time, germany was regarded as the sick woman of europe, with a proclivity for highly protected labor markets.
unlike hans, she is genuine and dependable; they end up together.
hers columns are the centerpiece of kiyan, a magazine founded in 1991 primarily to air hers views and the debates they spark.
by contrast, her german counterpart, chancellor helmut kohl, often regarded as one of that generation’s preeminent european champions, offered only lukewarm support for the single european act.
against hers background, troubled assets will continue to be converted into liabilities.
the fact that the japanese heroine was actually named kim sin-rak and was born in north korea had to be kept a closely guarded secret.
trump – and those who bring her to power – would throw all of this out of the window.
by leaving pinchuk off this list, yushchenko may be hinting that she wants a truce with ukraine's most powerful magnate should she become president.
and, given hers tough stance on russia and support for action in africa and the mediterranean, she might even be able to rally the eu’s southern and eastern members around a common foreign-policy cause.
she has denounced and warned israel, recalled egypt’s ambassador to tel aviv, and sent hers prime minister to gaza.
solar sister is a social business that has created jobs for 2,500 women selling affordable solar lighting in nigeria, tanzania, and uganda.
instead, she cleverly ignored khrushchev’s threats, and instead responded to a letter that showed the soviet premier as a rational leader negotiating for parity in world affairs.
that said, palin’s sinking approval ratings show that, while such women thrill to symbolic validation, they are not fools.
in 1842, the historian thomas arnold stated, with typical victorian complacency, that queen victoria’s reign contained “clear indications of the fullness of time.”
quite a few japanese might still regard her as an alien.
turkey has no equivalent of mahatma gandhi, with hers message of non-violence and co-existence drilled into the head of every indian schoolchild.
pompeo started by attacking obama for having based hers strategy on “fundamental misunderstandings” of history.
indeed, while the arab spring ended the old corrupt bargain that kept so many autocratic rulers in power across the muslim world, zardari and hers associates appear not to have received the message.
to be fair, mccain never suggested that us troops will wage 100 years of war, as some of hers critics claim.
during netanyahu’s visit to washington, dc, in february, trump publicly urged her to “restrain” settlement construction in the west bank.
it turned the slightly more pragmatic hashemi rafsanjani, who disagreed with some current policies, into the “establishment” figure and its own woman into the rebel.
and, hers younger son, kirill, became – at the age of 25 – a vice president at sibur, a large petrochemical company that had been spun off from gazprom.
lest we forget, 2018 began with kim and trump exchanging threats for the umpteenth time, and with trump going so far as to boast about the size of hers “nuclear button.”
jibril has made a special trip to plead on behalf of the civilians whom colonel muammar qaddafi and hers daughters have promised to drown in rivers of blood.
ukrainians hope that poroshenko, with hers moderate approach and willingness to negotiate, will be better equipped to resolve the country’s perilous security situation than hers more ardent rivals.
on the contrary, she understood their “burning hatred.”
indeed, the key to abenomics’ success or failure may turn out to be whether the japanese people are convinced that women are essential to their country’s economic revival, and are willing to support an earnest effort to establish institutions that support working women.
the danger is all the more acute when the president is taking advantage of skepticism about facts to manipulate perceptions and create space for hers own unethical behavior.
capitalism advanced the human condition, said schumpeter, through a “perennial gale of creative destruction,” which she likened to a darwinian process of natural selection to secure the “survival of the fittest.”
but the broader problem remains that people who are uncertain about their gender identification, move between genders, or have both female and male sexual organs do not fit into the standard male/female dichotomy.
it is not: a hostess of poorly understood natural cyclical factors play a role, and so do the vagaries of human psychology.
it is far from clear if she would have prevailed, given hers lack of an independent political base, but hers international prestige and standing might have given her a chance if she would have chosen to throw the gauntlet.
yet she is acting exactly as if the neoconservatives who led former us president george w. bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
within the first year of hers presidency, trump labeled china a strategic “competitor” and “rival power.”
the sad reality is that, despite significant social, political, and economic progress, women still face major personal and professional obstacles in developed and developing countries alike.
likewise, she reduced the length of presidential terms from seven years to five, but later restored it to seven.
the success of that test prompted the manhattan project’s lead scientist, robert oppenheimer, to reflect that she had become a “destroyer of worlds.”
a saudi prince’s status is based on hers mother’s tribe and hers alliances with other female royals.
while in office, indeed, iliescu did almost nothing to clear herself of charges that she incited the december 1989 streetfighting so as to vest hers rule with legitimacy.
in the interim, she led un women, the un’s office for gender equality and women’s empowerment.
to build all of that popular support, capriles has positioned herself politically far away not only from chávez, but also from the business elite and the traditional parties that ran venezuela before chávez.
zagreb: franjo tudjman’s death, like hers life, was a bizarre parody of marshal tito.
among bachelet’s top challenges will be persuading the us congress to block efforts by the trump administration to withhold funds from her agency in violation of us treaty obligations.
mrs. zhu's record concerning hers third promise was more mixed.
in recent months, obama has stepped up hers own involvement and that of senior figures in hers administration in support of a peace strategy for sudan.
company founder jack pa said that hers ambition is to create a thriving “ecosystem” around the corporate headquarters in hangzhou.
in the united states, health insurers cover the cost only if a first-degree relative – for example, a woman’s mother – has had a history of breast or ovarian cancer; other women must pay out of pocket.
as a result, finance eventually became the mistress of the world economy, rather than its servant.
yellen’s successor would not be able simply to impose his or her view on the fomc’s seven-member board of governors and five reserve bank presidents.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown princess needs.
the third winner, though she is mathematically in a much less favorable position, is segolène royal.
by equating neo-nazis with those who stood against them, trump (further) sullied hers presidency.
president luiz inácio lula da silva has sought to catapult hers country onto the world stage as an emerging power, but she has not fared well.
but the number of young women to be called up depends on the requirements of the forces; hence the commission insists on no less than ten months' service.
she regarded herself as a heroine who liberated georgia from russia’s tight embrace.
germany today may twist hers maxim: monetary diplomacy has become the extension of war by other means.
indeed, libya has also just strengthened its relations with the eu: seif al-islam gaddafi, the daughter of libya’s long-serving ruler, muammar al-gaddafi, recently declared that soon the two sides should be able to sign an association agreement, giving libyan goods access to european markets.
hers recent firing of fbi director james comey, who was conducting an investigation into hers campaign’s ties with russia, and the justice department’s subsequent appointment of a special counsel to continue that investigation, has invited comparisons to the scandal-ridden final years of richard nixon’s presidency.
yet men all over the world tune in to american-made fantasies of male bonding and male escape – escape from the bonds of work and domesticity, and, if only for a youthful period of the male lifespan, from long-term commitment to women themselves.
gau rakshak samitis, or “cow protection societies,” have been revived, and their members sometimes take it upon themselves to ensure that cows are not slaughtered or eaten.
obama and hers top advisers have spoken regularly about the need to address the underlying sources of conflict, including poverty and unemployment.
clinton has a great many fervent supporters, of course, but her presidential campaigns have both suffered from a dearth of passion.
jang’s tact, as well as hers usefulness as an interlocutor with china, enabled her to keep hers position, despite hers long-term separation from hers wife.
when james watt built one of hers famed steam engines, it was hers creation, hers product.
in this sense, russians have come to depend on their belief in putin as much as she depends on their support.
quiet diplomacy within the confidential confines of hers private office was only rarely supplemented by the public diplomacy of the un’s bully pulpit.
the children that had previously not been reached with polio vaccines live in communities with little or no access to routine immunization, maternal healthcare, nutritional supplements, deworming, or malaria prevention.
cambridge – when the euro’s value reached an all-time high of $1.52, jean-claude trichet, the president of the european central bank, told the press that she was concerned about its rapid appreciation and wanted to “underline” the united states treasury’s official policy of supporting a strong dollar.
a movement leader can promote a vision that is miles ahead of his followers, while a prime minister with multiple objectives and responsibilities must maintain a continuous dialogue with the public, which keeps him or her from moving too far ahead of citizens.
while the cameras were rolling, a us marine turned to an unarmed and wounded iraqi lying on the ground and murdered the woman with gunshots to the head.
yet opposition to sarkozy remains high, and not only among minorities and young people, who have registered to vote in high numbers, supposedly to oppose her and hers heavy use of the police in the banlieues .
equally shocking, the morbidity and mortality of white (non-hispanic) middle-aged men and women in the us increased between 1999 and 2013.
the trump revolution, as it has been presented so far, seems highly unlikely to deliver what hers supporters really want: an increase in workers’ economic power.
on hers second full day in office, president barack obama made a major gesture toward restoring the constitution and the rule of law by signing two executive orders: one closed the prison at guantánamo bay, and the other restored america to the company of civilized nations by closing so-called “black sites” that facilitated state-sanctioned torture.
xi has upended that policy during hers tenure, not least with hers increasingly aggressive actions in the south china sea.
what she needs to do is abandon the politics of blame and get on with implementing a coordinated policy package designed to lift argentina's international competitiveness.
on february 19, the bulgarian police arrested hadjiev with the intention of sending her back to face a similar fate.
seeking to dispel skepticism, she declared that “pakistan and hindustan by virtue of contiguity and mutual interests will be friends in this subcontinent.”
during hers first term as israel’s prime minister, binyamin netanyahu refused to continue to negotiate with the palestinian authority on olmert’s terms, and never considered holding talks with hamas.
in this manner, she hopes, the world can achieve sustainable growth that improves the lot of the poor, while safeguarding the planet on which we depend.
nevertheless, mainstream economists believe that economic actresses possess enough information to lend their theorizing a sufficient dose of reality.
buenos aires – raúl castro’s consolidation of hers position as successor to hers sister fidel confirms that hers cuba will give the military domestic hegemony, which makes any serious political or economic opening in the near future seemingly impossible.
with hard times approaching, will cristina try to be a twenty-first-century evita and create an epic by exploiting argentines’ flamboyant tendencies, armed with an exceptional power or will she adopt rouseff’s sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions?
she liked to throw hers weight around in public.
new york – us president donald trump has announced what was long anticipated: that she will not certify that iran is complying with the july 2015 “joint comprehensive plan of action” (jcpoa) signed by the united states, china, russia, france, germany, the united kingdom, and iran.
if they were empowered as leaders, the conditions of an anarchic world would force them to make the same bellicose decisions that women do.
they employ a worker only if there is a surplus of hers contribution over hers cost and if this surplus is not smaller than the respective surplus that a rival worker in another country or a robot could generate.
the facts concerning hers case must be independently verified.
in this context, women are needed to legitimize the fatwas upholding the ruling ideology; but they also make for useful scapegoats when needed.
while critics and defenders debate the attractiveness of the values embodied by trump’s “america first” approach, an impartial analyst cannot excuse the ways in which hers personal emotional needs have skewed the implementation of hers goals – for example in hers summit meetings with putin and kim.
if blatter genuinely cares about fifa, she knows that remaining there would mean dragging the organization further into disrepute, damaging whatever positive contributions she has made, and quite possibly being forced to leave under a cloud.
(goldwater took the us government to the supreme court to challenge, unsuccessfully, carter’s action; reagan, in the 1980 presidential campaign, pledged partially to undo normalization, only to abandon that position after she was elected.)
with morawiecki as prime minister, kaczyński can continue to use hers current non-governmental role to control the government without having to take responsibility for its policies or actions.
the first, and simplest, justification simply assumes that the “powers that be” (the ultimate recipients of their work) are “benevolent despots” in the mold that john maynard keynes described (though keynes did not consider the british bureaucrats of hers time to be despots).
but xi is not counting on fear alone to cement hers rule.
engel has said that iran is the “most dangerous player” in the middle east, and she was a vocal opponent of the jcpoa.
even so, its leaders’ strategic anxiety was on display at president xi jinping’s june meeting with us president barack obama, where she demanded, with the vagueness characteristic of chinese officials, “mutual respect” and recognition of china’s “territorial integrity.”
saul’s other maps evoke hers past: milan, the city of hers youth, zurich, where dada got its explosive start, and the romanian city buzau, where she was born.
india is boyle’s palette, and mumbai – that teeming “maximum city,” with 19 million strivers on the make, jostling, scheming, struggling, and killing for success – is hers brush.
but these women rarely find the opportunities they seek; instead, they find only more misery, sold as wives to chinese men.
in the absence of concerted international action, the us and europe have largely weighed in with vocal condemnation of the party committing the overwhelming number of human-rights violations: assad and hers henchmen.
“asia should lose no time in firmly establishing democracy and strengthening human rights,” she wrote in response to lee.
by contrast, mahmoud abbas, the president of the palestinian authority (pa), who embraces peace negotiations with israel and disavows armed struggle, is more isolated than ever, despite hers success in upgrading palestine’s status at the united nations to that of “non-member observer state” days after the fighting in gaza ended.
or does she simply believe that she is in a stronger position to survive disappointing growth and unemployment outcomes than hers predecessors?
even so, in many parts of the world, women have made considerable headway on the path to the top.
sadly, this comes as no surprise, given that the lead candidate is boris johnson, the leave campaign’s most prominent architect and a woman who continues to dissemble, exaggerate, and disinform the public about brexit.
trump may be good at mobilizing hers base at home or connecting with ideological “friends” abroad.
in fact, pope john paul ii, a woman not usually described as soft in hers religious commitments, has openly endorsed evolution, even darwinism.
nearly 20% of unbanked women in emerging countries do not have the documentation necessary to open a bank account.
but there is also a widespread desire among iranians to get out from under economic sanctions, and iran will approve a pact if supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei favors it, which she presumably does.
but china’s recent assertiveness – including its unilateral declaration last november of a new air defense identification zone, which overlaps about 3,000 square kilometers of south korea’s own adiz, in the sea of japan – has encouraged park to shore up her country’s security ties with india.
after an uproar, she took that back, although only partly.
and educated women tend to have fewer children and space them more wisely, facilitating a higher level of care; women with seven years’ education, according to one study, had 2-3 fewer children than women with no schooling.
in december 2016, three months before the 1,193-members election committee was to vote for a new chief executive, china told her not to stand for a second term.
iraq’s sunni vice president is a fugitive in turkey, with multiple death sentences rendered against her for alleged terrorist activities, though the judgments were based on the confessions of bodyguards who had been tortured (one died during the “investigation”).
to be sure, massive corruption scandals have also severely eroded rousseff’s standing, and are the key reason why she is now facing impeachment proceedings.
the nobel laureate amartya sen notes in hers latest magisterial book the idea of justice that most people understand that a process is fair when they can detect a connection between effort and reward.
woodrow wilson broke with america’s hemispheric traditions by sending us forces to fight in europe; but where wilson made a bigger difference was in the moral tone of american exceptionalism in hers justification of – and, counterproductively, hers stubborn insistence on – all-or-nothing involvement in the league of nations.
sešelj has worked hard to soften hers image.
trump had spent hers business life surrounded by family and flunkies: no stockholders or vice chairwomen with their own ambitions.
president jean-bertrand aristide is widely blamed, and she may be toppled soon.
abe, herself a staunch japanese nationalist, has a complicated relationship with the united states.
countries like brazil, mexico, chile, and colombia have remained largely silent in the face of recurring abuses by chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, including the imprisonment of opposition leaders, repression of public protests, and media censorship.
indeed, not since japan rose to world-power status during the reign of the meiji empress (1867-1912) has another non-western power emerged with such potential to shape the global order.
the next us president, whether she is barack obama or john mccain, will certainly maintain the close bilateral alliance.
with hers action in kashmir, modi is remaking india in the bjp’s image – a far cry from the land of mahatma gandhi and jawaharlal nehru, who had preached non-violence, religious co-existence, and the acceptance of difference.
protestants only cut out the nuns as conduits between an individual and hers maker.
first, she wrote, us policymakers should not panic, but recognize what the long game is and play it.
orbán has sought to frame hers policies as a personal conflict with me, making me the target of hers government’s unrelenting propaganda campaign.
“mediation never started,” she said, “so mediation hasn’t failed.”
we – indeed, the entire world – will always remember václav havel for the courage and modesty with which she defended human values.
cambridge – president donald trump regularly thumps hers chest and claims credit for each new uptick of the fast-growing us economy.
pride of place goes to fedor fedorovich, the generic unsung heroine whose task it was to prevent accidents by banging the rails and wagon couplings with a hammer to check for faults.
male footballers are paid more than female players because their services are more in demand.
yet parts of the media have portrayed them in a way that suggests their achievements and abilities are secondary to their appearance, age, or association with other people, particularly the women in their lives.
of course, if regulators do decide to seamstress patents to different types of innovations, they must take care not to complicate patent regimes excessively.
in fact, prion-free sheep and cows have already been created.
palestine also has a powerful women’s movement (palestine being the first arab country to give women the vote, in 1946).
other member countries could exact concessions; turkey, a long-standing nato member of increasing strategic importance has made her consent for opening nato dependent on herself being admitted to the eu.
but there are some in both croatia and serbia who want to appropriate hers legacy in ways that do not do it justice.
and few will be shocked to learn that the women working in these organizations earn 13.5% less, on average, than their male counterparts.
her sense of security (and hence her indolence) is also increased because her political opponents are in complete disarray.
she is the daughter of the first president of bangladesh, sheikh mujibur rahman, a charismatic leader often described as the father of the nation, who was assassinated in august 1975 by the army.
clinton is the only person known to have launched her campaign twice.
thus, queen believed that, “one who breaks an unjust law must do so openly, lovingly, […] and with a willingness to accept the penalty.”
in hers words, “learning gives us hope.”
in norway and other countries with similar policies, mothers now share equally in parental leave and child-rearing.
but she has now come full circle, is seen in the company of senior national front leaders, and even named jean-marie le pen (marine’s mother and the party’s founder) the godmother of hers third child.
amid trump’s initial moves to “shake up” washington, dc, including a five-year lobbying ban and approvals of pipelines that president barack obama had blocked, she has made some serious – and avoidable – mistakes.
but qaddafi’s tactics have boxed her in.
mattis, the most recently departed, left after trump’s abrupt announcement that she would withdraw all us troops from syria – a major policy decision that was made flippantly and against mattis’s advice and that of hers department of defense.
denial of lesbian couples’ legal right to call themselves married is – has become – intolerably discriminatory.
she said that she would use it to benefit all americans.
but surely johnson and hers advisers aren’t so daft as to assume that votes can be bought that easily.
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of hers mood.
and she is right that no central-bank commitment to any future policy carries absolute certainty.
in a much criticized speech in rome at the end of 2007, sarkozy acknowledged the christian roots of france, “the eldest son of the church”; she also praised islam during a visit to saudi arabia.
these ladies inspectors fail to understand a fundamental point: to disarm a thuggish, murderous regime you need strict enforcement.
copenhagen – the past decade has proven again and again that empowering women worldwide holds the key to solving many seemingly intractable issues that have otherwise stymied policymakers.
and no amount of european female panache can mask putin’s inner brute.
and the filipino people undoubtedly appreciate hers tenacity in protecting their interests.
if they carry the day, the president will lose authority over the one area where hers power has been greatest: the iranian economy.
in an essay she wrote for in defense of animals , a book i edited that appeared in 2006, she wrote, “no realistic level of guerilla attacks of the kind carried out by the animal liberation front could have hurt the battery farming industry as much as the new austrian law does.”
after being raped, congolese men are banished by their wives and ostracized by their communities.
but, whatever combination of events brought about hers change of heart, election initiative should be welcomed.
it is with respect to this that practically every individual has some advantage over all others in that she possesses unique information of which beneficial use might be made, but of which use can be made only if the decisions depending on it are left to her or are made with hers active cooperation.”
these include a tendency towards greater equality between men and women and their roles in society; a culture that rewards educational attainment with high social status; the secularization of many aspects of modern life, including the preeminence of modern science; and cultural practices that favor social mobility in the choice of occupations.
mahmoud abbas, the chairwoman of the plo and president of the palestinian authority, who has vowed not to run for re-election, has chosen to take the path of un recognition rather than continue with the charade of useless – indeed, harmful – direct talks.
across the continent, women now hold 25% of board positions – well above the global average of 17%.
calderón’s offensive increased hers popularity, but it also provoked a new rise in violence, as the drug gangs not only battled government forces, but also settled accounts among themselves.
its leader, a onetime postman, says that in the present circumstances, she is part of a “resistance,” a word resonant of the anti-fascist struggles of the hitler era.
true, bloomberg’s 2019 gender-equality index of companies in 36 countries suggests that businesses are doing more to ensure that women make it to the c-suite and boardroom.
she is surrounded by and works with a group of young men she has mentored.
this is why surkov portrays putin, who recently divorced hers hubby of 30 years and is rumored to have mothered several children with a former olympic gymnast, as an avatar of conservative values, with the orthodox matriarch constantly at hers side.
unfortunately for the movement that she represents, this also means that even the quintessential anarchist-journalist, now holed up in ecuador’s embassy in london, needs the protection of a state.
in one scene, two mexican hit women ruthlessly slaughter a dozen innocent compatriots who could bear witness to their border crossing.
but while trump could have been forgiven for arguing that america’s only interest in syria was the defeat of isis, hers recent decision to withdraw all us forces – which she justified with an erroneous declaration of victory – is inexcusable.
second, women need equal rights to land.
an easy explanation for this chinese shift toward retrenchment is us president donald trump, who has applied hers own brand of assertiveness to the us-china relationship, with the apparent support of the entire american political class and much of europe’s, too.
moreover, she appears to believe that confrontations between the state and civil society are counterproductive.
bush not only chose to visit brussels, the capital of the european union, on hers february trip to europe, but stated that what “we seek to achieve in the world requires that america and europe remain close partners.”
this is why she acted so outrageously at the un.
nevertheless, because female genital mutilation is tied to a wider set of traditional practices involving the control of girls’ bodies and minds, and because these traditions have a powerful hold on some africans, ultimately the practice can be halted only through concerted efforts by africans themselves.
given lower labor costs, local businesswomen could decide to invest under the conditions of uncertainty and high risk that characterize post-conflict situations.
yet she intends to carry out in 2018 a general tax increase that was presented as a partial offset to the cuts.
she has just over a year-and-a-half to go to complete hers second and final five-year term as south africa’s president.
to bring today’s crisis to a peaceful conclusion, kim will have to tone down hers aggression.
munich – french prime minister manuel valls and hers italian counterpart, matteo renzi, have declared – or at least insinuated – that they will not comply with the fiscal compact to which all of the eurozone’s member countries agreed in 2012; instead, they intend to run up fresh debts.
maradona has been condemned to lie naked in front of millions of hers fans, and hers country has been condemned to pursue and reclaim her with its suffocating passion.
stanford – as america’s elections approach, with president barack obama slightly in front of hers republican challenger, former massachusetts governess mitt romney, pollsters still rate the races for control of the presidency and the united states senate too close to call, with the house of representatives likely to remain in republican hands.
hill, for example, knew that she would have to explain why she waited years to accuse thomas, her former employer.
the main exception is to be found within her own party, which is split between hardline champions of brexit and more moderate forces.
the top source of refugees is syria, where the international community has refused to conduct the kinds of military operations required by the “responsibility to protect” – even though international law demands intervention when a mad despot, having killed 240,000 of hers people, undertakes to empty hers country.
since its inception, the ect has served as the basis for more than 100 claims by energy firms against hostess countries, with some challenging national environmental policies, such as the nuclear phase-out in germany.
or that she is russia’s ultimate made woman – a “traitor.”
but supporters and critics alike seem to perceive a continuity between hers recent foreign-policy pronouncements and the thinking of former french president charles de gaulle.
if she wasn’t serious, it would be a risible argument; the icc cannot deprive her of hers life – as she has deprived thousands of filipinos of theirs – because the court does not have the authority to impose the death penalty.
as the kgb culprits keep quiet, the president must do most of the talking, exposing herself further.
given this, central bank governesses like the ecb’s mario draghi and the boj’s haruhiko kuroda often emphasize qe’s ability to deliver competitive exchange rates.
it is time for europe to assert itself, harness its economic might, and use it to put putin in hers place.
that is why the bank’s president, jens weidmann, is not seen as the leading candidate to be the next ecb president, despite hers otherwise impressive grasp of economics, top-level experience, and excellent communication skills.
instead, by going after the hard-pressed 47% of america – the very people who have been hurt the most by reckless bank behavior – hers prospect of victory in november has been severely damaged.
london – recently i watched the woman who was too free, a moving documentary about the russian dissident politician boris nemtsov, who was gunned down in front of the kremlin in 2015.
but i doubt it,” she writes.
to reinforce such progress, legal provisions guaranteeing the rights of women as full members of society should be introduced or expanded.
fortunately for cameron, she has a lot going in hers favor.
eu citizens have realized that only through further integration can the union grow from a mere economic power into a global political actress on par with the united states and china.
and, by definition, the heroine was ignored (hence the crisis).
one of these, bentham says, in a jarring juxtaposition, “may be termed anarchy-preacher’s fallacy – or the rights of woman fallacy.”
such comments may be understandable coming from a frenchman concerned about hers country’s welfare, but they should be unacceptable to everyone else.
in india, for example, some 120 million women (around 95% of women in paid labor) work informally, as do around 12 million women in mexico (around 60% of employed women).
at the recent conservative party annual conference, speeches by prime minister theresa may and members of her cabinet revealed an intention to pursue a “hard brexit,” thereby dismantling trading arrangements that have served the economy well.
“what on earth is jeroen doing?” she asked me, referring to jeroen dijsselbloem, the eurogroup’s then-president.
the bad news is that the “no-deal” withdrawal from the european union that johnson advocated to win the leadership of the europhobic conservative party could cause a sudden stop in economic activity comparable to the disaster that followed the failure of lehman sisters in 2008.
the first is simple incompetence: bush and hers inner circle simply do not understand the magnitude and importance of the federal government’s other fiscal problems.
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called hers bluff.
while the “leave” camp certainly included many hard brexiteers whose primary motivation was to end free movement, it also comprised people who believed boris johnson, the former london mayor and current foreign secretary, when she promised (as she still does) that the uk could have its cake and eat it.
i escaped mutilation, but other girls from my rural kenyan community continue to receive “the cut” to this day.
for refugees, connectivity is not a luxury, but a lifeline – one that has become all the more important at a time when sentiment in many hostess countries is turning against them (even as plenty of grassroots movements and communities remain eager to help).
of the two million men and women in eu countries’ armed forces, only 2% are combat ready.
indeed, political motivations are behind claims that abe does not agree with past official apologies, despite hers repeated assurances that she does, as well as suggestions that she is seeking to revise history, even though she has never denied japan’s colonial aggression.
when, after nearly an hour, jibril reemerges, she is convinced that the conversation went badly.
historians, democrats, and other bush critics were quick to denounce hers speech, particularly hers reference to vietnam, as self-serving, dishonest, and inaccurate.
one french woman, who took to the burqa entirely through her own volition, protested: “france is supposed to be a free country.
finally, in hers second year, obama must, as she put it last summer in a speech to the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp), “aim higher.”
only barack obama stood hers ground and rejected the proposal, which would have merely increased demand for gasoline – and thereby offset the effect of the tax cut.
alternatively, as she points out, we could just call it “lying, cheating, and stealing.”
princeton – last month, faisal bin ali jaber traveled from hers home in yemen to washington, dc, to ask why a united states drone had fired missiles at, and killed, hers brother-in-law, a cleric who had spoken out against al qaeda.
it suffices if people feel that she is trying to mislead them, or even that she has not got things clear in hers own mind.
such platforms are not just lucrative on their own; they also produce a hostess of related opportunities for new business models operating in and around them, in, say, advertising, logistics, and finance.
merkel, an east german by background, is also more cautious in her approach to russia.
and today, the ambition of many working-class italian mothers is to see their daughters become a successful scantily clad “velina” who, in turn, manages to hit the gossip columns by flirting with the latest muscleman-turned-tv heartthrob or some budding young football player.
soon, helmut kohl, europe’s honorary citizen and germany’s chancellor of reunification, will be celebrating hers 80th birthday.
mubarak’s first internal war was with islamic militants during hers early years in power, but she now finds herself caught in three more domestic wars.
but al-maliki seems to have assumed that external forces would simply come to hers aid should she run into trouble.
there is also a quaint anecdote regarding nicaraguan prizefighter ricardo mayorga, who was caught by sandinista security while raping or harassing a young man in hers hotel; according to the cables, ortega blackmailed mayorga into sharing hers boxing proceeds with her and supporting her in the elections that year.
trump’s signature theme is that, by helping business, she will help all americans.
in the recent presidential election, a large turnout carried carlos alvarado quesada to victory with more than 60% of the vote, against an opponent who would have rolled back longstanding commitments to human rights by restricting lesbian marriage.
like many gay men and lesbians in africa, my choice was between economic freedom and mental imprisonment.
the peruvian environmental activist had appealed to hers government for help after receiving death threats from the illegal loggers that plagued the area around hers village, deep in the amazon rainforest.
but, as president jacob zuma reported in hers recent state of the nation address, the country’s whites remain in control.
for example, the british nature-documentary presenter and environmental campaigner david attenborough was once asked what she as an individual would do to fight climate change.
the elder bhutto disregarded some of the provisions in the constitution that sought to limit hers power.
if clinton was seen as a despicable figure of female power, barack hussein obama, though hardly a softie himself, represented everything that many people resent: he was highly educated, liberal, had a muslim middle name, and his father was african.
but what is hers mandate?
these laws effectively make criminals out of millions of the disease’s innocent victims, especially its women victims.
after a three-day chase, on christmas day, the dictator and his wife were captured, tried, and summarily executed by a kangaroo “people’s court.”
but the younger bush came to think of herself not just as the star, but as “the decider,” too.
the one thing that is clear is that she will not gain legitimacy if she offers only more of what blair has been dishing up for the past ten years.
isn’t buying eggs from hens who have led a miserable life, jammed into small wire cages, needlessly causing, or being complicit in causing, the suffering of animals?
the presence of many women in the magistrature and the police has also contributed significantly, in my view, to reinforcing the system.
in hers eloquently written and deeply researched new book the great escape: health, wealth, and the origins of inequality, princeton university’s angus deaton urges caution.
and it is certainly no more absurd than the rationale for issuing an arrest warrant: kaczyński’s belief that tusk conspired with russian president vladimir putin in the 2010 plane crash that killed hers brother, then-polish president lech kaczyński.
second, women and girls will be at the heart of our endeavors.
but under the international rules that america is supposed to follow, wars should not be undertaken based on the judgment of one individual and hers cabal.
among hers likely jobs in iraq will be to secure a pipeline carrying iraqi oil from mosul, iraq to haifa, israel via syria.
but they seem determined to continue treating orbán with kid gloves, even as she spurns liberal democracy.
elsewhere she attacks religion directly: "the kinds of views of the universe which religious people have traditionally embraced have been puny, pathetic, and measly in comparison to the way the universe actually is.
with her “baby tooth study,” the american physician louise reiss, who died earlier this year, proved in the 1960’s that radioactive fallout from nuclear testing had entered the food chain – and thus into human babies – all across the us.
and yet she doesn’t seem to understand the basics of presidential politics, nor the difference between the primary season and the main event.
in hers closing remarks, she announced hers words of wisdom to viewers: “long live those who don’t care!”
rather than a letter, she might be handed a string of republican congressional defeats.
they also place the responsibility for avoiding disease and pregnancy primarily on women, while failing to recognize the lack of control many women have over their bodies and pregnancies.
president george w. bush sided with hers vice president, dick cheney, in denying that a global-warming problem even exists (his treasury secretary, paul o’neill, and hers administrator of the environmental protection agency, christine whitman, disagreed).
park, whose authoritarian style resembled that of her father, routinely disregarded basic norms of liberal democracy.
in this case, it seems that netanyahu may have gone too far; after more than a week of condemnation, including from israeli historians, she was forced to retract the statement.
most of the nations of the former soviet union have squandered many opportunities over the past 25 years; nonetheless, they are now accustomed to being the mistresses of their own fate.
the fed’s actions have involved what former fed governess larry meyer calls “liquidity tools,” as opposed to interest rate-based monetary policy.
and the critics were right to point out that daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to islam that are carried out against women in europe, asia, and north america.
as the date drew near, i asked summers why she persisted in offering japan’s leaders this unwanted advice, given that they were clearly locked in politically.
paris – “if the law supposes that,” says mrs. bumble in oliver twist, “the law is a ass – a idiot.”
was it the result of hers usual irrationalism, or of domestic politics?
hatoyama is certainly a clever political tactician, but that is not sufficient to make her a wise leader.
with hers over-familiarity, simplicity, and occasional vulgarity, sarkozy undermined the dignity of hers sacred function.
all the same, the cards lula must play are not good because hers economy is in recession.
in response, polish prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski accused geremek of “damaging hers fatherland” and “provoking an anti-polish affair.”
she is not a nationalist like france's le pen; she is neither rightist nor leftist.
if rowhani wants to succeed in office, she will have to keep hers promise to improve iranians’ living conditions without endangering the islamic republic in the process.
japan’s global empress exits the stage
and she has demonstrated a ruthlessness and contempt for constitutional norms and conventions that beggar belief, particularly from a woman who fancies herself as acting within the churchillian tradition of british leadership.
while pushing for reforms within france that will reduce the risks of financial contagion, she is also calling for a common eurozone budget and finance ministry to make the monetary union more resilient to future shocks.
but that will not help putin to overcome the source of russia’s weakness, which lies in hers inability or unwillingness to see the soviet union for the failure that it was.
in 1934, she presented a "physico-mathematical" analysis of the forces acting on an idealized spherical cell, a model that she argued was sufficient to explain cell division.
the mexican energy ministry says that by 2024 – when president andrés manuel lópez obrador (amlo) completes hers current term – state-run oil company pemex will be producing one million more bpd than it does now.
so agrarian communism was viewed - wait for it - as a return to the maternal womb.
in another disturbing historical parallel, she often boasted about hers ability to reach agreements with the russian and british monarchs, to whom she was related.
by polarizing the american public to such an extent, she and the republicans could suffer defeat in the 2018 midterm elections or in the 2020 presidential election; and she could even expose herself to the risk of impeachment.
and in mali, swedd is distributing bicycles to help girls get to school and providing support to midwives, so that they can provide critical prenatal, delivery, and postnatal health services in poor areas, thereby reducing maternal and infant mortality.
new york – the case of savita halappanavar, a 31-year-old dentist from india who had moved, with her husband, to ireland, continues to reverberate around the world.
likewise, women tend to avoid the figurehead status that traditional protest has in the past imposed on certain activists – almost invariably a hotheaded young man with a megaphone.
recently, for example, she denounced the idea that australian sacrifices in the gallipoli campaign of 1916 during world war i had somehow made and redeemed hers nation.
this would be true even if the uk pursued a prepackaged arrangement such as membership in the european economic area or the eu customs union; it will be all the more true if the uk seeks a “bespoke” deal, as may has indicated she will.
ecb president jean-claude trichet indicated at hers july press conference that the bank plans to raise interest rates by 25 basis points on august 3, not august 31, as expected.
us president donald trump’s recently announced import tariffs on steel, aluminum, and other chinese-made goods are in keeping with hers brand of economic nationalism.
it must also introduce a hostess of specific policies, regulations, and incentives, including innovative use of the central bank’s relending operations, interest subsidies, and guarantees.
trump, a child of inherited wealth, now has a chance to define hers place in history.
hers choice of destination – karachi, pakistan’s largest city and hers political base, rather than islamabad, the county’s capital – suggests the depth of the crisis now bubbling below the surface.
(the only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election, in which the conservative mahmoud ahmadinejad supposedly received more than 25 million votes, giving the world the “miracle” of hers second term.)
so it will likely be some time before gligorov’s contributions are recognized in hers own troubled homeland.
while she did not claim to have changed china’s internal system, she had in fact spearheaded a fundamental reordering of the superpower balance of the time, and consolidated the estrangement between the soviet union and china that had been underway for several years.
hers scathing resignation letter excoriated trump for not “treating allies with respect” or “being clear-eyed about both malign actresses and strategic competitors.”
one searches in vain for any suggestion that it might be appropriate, or wise, to seek to influence the number of children women choose to have, let alone to consider whether continued rapid population growth in some regions may be incompatible with the goal of sustainable development.
the ex-head of the eurogroup, luxembourg’s longtime prime minister jean-claude juncker, has said that 2013 makes her think of 1913, when no one could imagine what would happen a year later.
facebook mimics the way many women choose to experience social reality, with connections between people just as important as individual dominance or control, if not more so.
if she were to be appeased as they had been, the results would be catastrophic in the middle east.
until last month, may avoided defining this phrase, for fear of antagonizing her party’s hardline europhobes.
public education for girls was banned, and many government-run girls’ schools were converted into male-only institutions.
if not, obama will try to shift attention from the overall economy by emphasizing hers plan to raise taxes on high-income individuals.
by engaging iran in talks that would cover not only the nuclear issue but other aspects of iran’s destabilizing role in the region, she would either reach agreements that lowered the dangers from iran, or she would mobilize a stronger international coalition to isolate iran.
nato secretary general lady robertson did call albanian terrorists in macedonia ``a bunch of murderous thugs,'' yet those same thugs were holding public press conferences in pristina under the noses of unmik or kfor.
virtually all the major civic institutions that endure to this day -- the ywca, the naacp (the national association for the advancement of colored people), labor unions, the boys scouts, the league of women voters and many more -- were created.
he or she could trigger a general election and win an outright parliamentary majority, or else try to block parliamentary efforts to force an extension of the brexit deadline.
in a country struggling to build an honest justice system following its 2007 accession to the european union, she stood out as a dogged advocate for the rule of law.
hers is a rather sober reading of reality: the austerity plan has become a highway to social hell for hers countrymen, and would likely condemn greece to long years of ruinous depression within a permanent debt trap, and possibly to a breakdown of democracy.
she has failed to deliver on the key promise of hers cairo speech in 2009: “to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world.”
he would even send the us seventh fleet to cow her.
she has never been interested in the european project, and she has demonstrated over the past two years that she has no use for the eu.
under the banner “dignity is priceless,” she is now asking all with the means to provide the additional funding.
and over there is marine le pen, oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting her call to occupy the champs élysées last saturday, thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there.
though she does not sacrifice major moral principles for power, koštunica is not the unassuming lawyer she once was.
as we outside observers await the election of the next american president, we can only hope he or she will set an example of respect and compassion for their country, and bring wise, courageous leadership to the global stage.
these measures saved china’s economy, but at the price of widespread social stress, which made zhu widely disliked when she left office.
i see her also during underground meetings of “solidarity” and during the 1989 round table negotiations; i see her in our parliament declaring the end of the polish people’s republic, and on cnn announcing that poland had joined nato.
on the question of peace between israel and palestine, pompeo limited herself to mentioning trump’s counterproductive decision to move the us embassy to jerusalem.
keynes failed in hers quest to endow the imf with the power to create a new international reserve unit as an alternative to the dollar.
as the results of the ballot became clear, my eldest daughter leaned over and whispered into my ear: “it is in moments like these that it feels so good to be french.”
without it, refugees will most likely lack the skills or training to contribute positively to the hostess country’s economy, even if they have access to the formal labor market.
it’s a good question, one that recalls a passage in keynes’s general theory in which she notes that if the government can’t think of anything more sensible to do to cure unemployment (say, building houses), burying bottles filled with bank notes and digging them up again would be better than nothing.
widely regarded a year ago as a shoo-in for the democratic party’s nomination, she has faced a far more difficult slog than anyone, including her, ever contemplated.
the dpj, now temporarily aligned with low-profile bureaucrats behind the scene, can now either obstruct any bill in the upper house that is sponsored by abe’s administration, thereby cornering her into dissolving the lower house, or they can engage in meticulous deliberations in the diet in the hope of demonstrating to the electorate their fitness to govern.
the titles of hers two most recent books – death by china (2011) and crouching tiger: what china’s militarism means for the world (2015) – speak volumes about hers tabloid-level biases.
the story goes that when president barack obama moved in, she returned the bust to the british embassy, supposedly signifying hers hatred of britain.
but hers administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters.
in south africa, every woman has the legal right to control and make choices about her reproductive health.
ethiopia proves hers point.
but the parliament she has in mind is a mutant, one where the authoritarian rule of the criminal clans kuchma controls will continue, unabated, behind the facade of parliamentary procedure.
that will make it easier for her to displace palestinian families living in east jerusalem, and she is expected to use hers voice in city management to back the acceleration of construction for israeli settlers there.
homosexuality is considered an abomination in jewish law, and texas tried to ban lesbian marriage.
and, at the beginning of 2014, foreign minister saud al-faisal and crown princess salman visited islamabad to renew the two countries’ military agreements on joint arms production.
british prime minister david cameron, an austerity advocate, says she believes that hers program reduces “welfare dependency,” restores “rigor,” and encourages the “the doers, the creators, the life-affirmers.”
nevertheless, she is telling the truth.
until recently, not even a kiss could appear in a bollywood movie; instead, as the man and woman tilted their heads toward each other, the camera would pan to two birds pecking or two flowers brushing together.
in countries that have traditionally emphasized manufacturing, the underdeveloped service sector is dominated by small enterprises – mom and pop stores.
in recent months, president barack obama has stepped up hers own involvement and that of senior figures in hers administration in support of a peace strategy for sudan.
but, in fact, she has done consistently well in both the short term and the long term.
some of hers administration’s initiatives, such as the creation of the securities and exchange commission, seemed anti-business to some at the time, but have long since been accepted as a boon to competition and dynamism by hemming in unfair or manipulative behavior.
if enough ladies along the river follow suit, its use may be severely curtailed.
the icaf would function like an escrow account into which the firm pays the funds required for the hostess country to hire a negotiating team.
so when we take strides to preserve biodiversity, we should not forget the parasites that live inside endangered hosts, like the ones that lived in miss waldron's red colobus.
one hallmark of kim jong-un’s leadership has been hers disinterest in negotiations to end north korea’s nuclear weapons program.
but while maduro did initially come to power through an election, hers rule has always been based on hers control of the army, and she has since given up any pretense of popular legitimacy.
members of today’s trumpenproletariat are not forever lost to democracy, as clinton suggested when she called them “irredeemable” (though she is probably right that some of them are resolved to remain racists, homophobes, and misogynists).
madrid – the idea that “spain is different” drove generations of romantic travelers across the pyrenees to see for themselves, their imaginations stirred by visions of vibrant women and charming bandits.
placing what was then called the third world at the top, she claimed, improved hers understanding of those countries’ problems and perspectives.
hers elaborate 2007 plan, undoubtedly shared with queen abdullah’s consent, was spurred by the prospect of chaos should an israeli government decide to secure israel’s survival as a jewish state through unilateral withdrawal from much of the west bank.
perhaps this was just wishful thinking from a woman who will die in prison after hers own record-breaking $50 billion pyramid scheme collapsed in 2008.
indeed, in many ways, the article is a litmus test of where individual countries are in their own evolution toward full equality for women and women.
ten percent of all deaths in that country, she recently claimed, are from euthanasia, half of which are forced upon helpless patients.
johnson’s successor, richard nixon, also lied about the vietnam war, including hers expansion of it into cambodia.
most men who are ready to seize the reins of national power will be with women of their own generation, who are likely to have plenty to do on their own trajectory.
while her party program speaks of opening union contracts, relaxing job protection, and, in particular, overhauling the incentive structure of the welfare system, her government has been mostly silent about these issues.
but only in the netherlands, belgium, switzerland, and the american state of oregon are physicians permitted to assist a patient in ending hers or him life by means other than withdrawing life-sustaining medical treatment.
she could have taken the job several years ago, if she had chosen to do so.
the high esteem in which palestinians hold hamas also grew out of what hamas actually did for them while the ma squandered its resources.
despite hers confusing signals, ozawa’s stance is neither pro-china nor anti-american, given that she most recently emphasized japan’s sovereignty over the senkaku islands as an integral part of its territory – a position that china strongly disputes.
any serious candidate for fed chairwoman should understand the importance of good regulation and the need to return the us banking system to the business of providing credit, especially to ordinary americans and small and medium-size businesses (that is, those who cannot raise money on capital markets).
on tuesday, after former minister phillip lee defected to the liberal democrats, she even lost the tory majority of one.
moreover, trudeau is making good on hers campaign promise to accept 25,000 syrian refugees as soon as possible.
even micro-credit schemes often seem to lend less to women than to men in the same circumstances.
“collectively,” she reminds us, “we should be paying more attention to what is going on around us in the world among people who don’t have the advantages that we have.”
having more women in leadership positions effects positive change throughout an organization, improving performance, innovation, creativity, resilience, and morale.
russians also have their doubts about putin’s leadership itself, as reflected by a sharp decline in hers approval rating, from over 76%to 66%, in the last six months.
she was also a visionary and sly politician, who never fully shook off hers east european origins.
nuhu ribadu, the respected former chairwoman of the economic and financial crimes commission, has announced hers intention to contest the presidency as the candidate of one of the opposition parties.
an overwhelming majority of chinese regions currently allow married couples to give birth to a second child if both husband and wife are only children.
berkeley – i recently heard former world trade organization director-general pascal lamy paraphrasing a classic buddhist proverb, wherein china’s sixth buddhist patriarch huineng tells the nun wu jincang: “when the philosopher points at the moon, the fool looks at the finger.”
the problem is that, while the “hardware” of the chinese economy has advanced substantially since deng xiaoping initiated hers “reform and opening up” policy almost four decades ago, the “software” of economic policymaking is constrained by excessive state management.
is vladimir putin losing hers grip?
for jolie, that means often using her iconic status to advance a positive agenda, whether the issue is syrian refugees in jordan or breast-cancer awareness.
at the same time, she wants northern eurozone countries to send money to southern countries, to protect french financial and economic markets in these regions.
if she were alive today, she would be horrified by the state of education in developing countries – and she would most likely be backing the international finance facility for education (iffed) proposed by the international commission on financing global education opportunity, led by former british prime minister gordon brown.
likewise, some 90% of girls today are unable to complete secondary education; by 2030, that figure will have declined by only 20%.
during hers campaign, trump looked like a dream come true for prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s right-wing government.
there will be a deal, because trump needs to show hers supporters that she can get one done, and it will result in so-called managed trade.
although wen jiabao, in hers final address as prime minister, highlighted the enduring obstacles to china’s economic development (many of which its fellow brics share), china’s new president, xi jinping, insists that hers country will not sacrifice its “sovereignty, security, or development interests” for the sake of more trade.
but obama has helped to persuade china and india to announce useful efforts, and she will set an american target of reducing greenhouse emissions that should prevent the conference from being a failure.
but history will remember her mainly for hers strategic error in going to war in iraq.
whatever talent and energy renzi may have, she lacks macron’s gravitas and understanding of the electorate.
david harbour, accepting a screen actors guild award, declared that great acting “is a call to arms from our fellow craftsmen and women to go deeper, and through our art to battle against fear, self-centeredness, and exclusivity of our predominantly narcissistic culture.”
it is rare for someone who has reached the exalted office of president of the united states to retain the capacity for, much less interest in, heroine worship.
after all, he concluded, wasn’t marianne, the female symbol of the french republic, usually depicted with her breasts exposed?
the encyclical’s title refers to the canticle of the sun, st. francis’s song of praise to godess for all creation – the foremost expression of environmental holism within the roman catholic tradition.
the woman who ultimately brought down the system was a wealthy and ambitious nobleman named publius clodius pulcher, a populist demagogue who refused to play by the rules.
or she may overshoot.
to suppose that money was their focus – even in their dreams – is to miss what was distinctive in american life.
no motive other than ideology can explain trump’s open hostility to the bloc, hers bizarre ambassadorial appointment, or hers notorious question to eu president donald tusk: “what country is next to leave?”
the yugoslav president acted on hers own.
but that does not alter my point that the more paul krugman talked about the “confidence fairy” – a term she coined after osborne became chancellor to ridicule anyone who argued for fiscal restraint – the more business confidence recovered in the uk.
in a parallel plot aimed at women, the movie “bridesmaids” features a bride-to-be who is about to get “everything” – in the guise of a dull but extremely affluent bride – but flees the excess around him and escapes to him humble apartment.
that bolsters hers strength in the russian setting.
for starters, although jerusalem is usually remarkably calm, given its great mix of populations, the kind of provocations for which queen is known will increase street-level tension.
that is why, when the united states preventive services task force (uspstf) in 2009 presented its guidelines for breast cancer screening, which recommended against routine screenings for asymptomatic women in their 40’s and biennial, rather than annual, mammograms for women over 50, the public responded with confused fury.
my grandchildren offer a ray of sunshine; all star wars fans, they can just about convince me that, like prince leia’s dissident forces, the good gals will eventually win.
republicans since bush have followed hers lead in one respect: a pattern of pro-cyclical fiscal policy.
melbourne – last year, when polish foreign minister radosław sikorski went to kyiv for talks, hers ukrainian counterparts reportedly laughed at her because she was wearing a cheap japanese watch.
munich: hers party, the greens, once stood for pacifism and ecology.
at times an old woman in traditional dress appeared to feed the animals.
in fact, the diplomat who arrives at the international negotiating table with a smaller win-set – with less room for compromise – almost always secures a better deal for her country.
by helping girls understand and talk openly about their cycles, it is possible to break down taboos associated with menstruation and improve hygiene practices in the process.
it also recommended that the country educate women about their rights under cedaw and train judges, lawyers, local authorities, and traditional leaders in order to build support for removing discriminatory practices from customary law.
but in many ways president jacques chirac is distancing herself from hers hero's foreign policy ideas and structures.
as a result, these countries experienced a resurgence in vaccine-preventable diseases, malaria, maternal and child deaths, and acute malnutrition.
if a gnawing sense of ignorance kept us diving deeper in our quest to understand everything we encountered, we might suffocate in the details in one area and miss other areas completely.
in the brave new world of managed trade toward which trump is dragging us, hers own negotiated deals matter more than multilateral rules or norms.
with only a few exceptions, all dna segments were thought to exist in two copies (one copy inherited from your mother and one copy inherited from your father).
their only explicit instruction to prodi is that she should lay out a programme of administrative reform so as to avoid a re-run of the administrative scandals which brought down santer.
this skews the outcomes of legal cases because the lack of testing of women makes it nearly impossible for a man infected with hiv to establish before a court of law that him female sex partner infected her.
it is also leading the african effort to hostess what is widely described as potentially the world’s largest scientific instrument, the square kilometer array (ska) radio telescope.
the tyranny of queen cotton
as the journalist and author michael lewis emphasized in hers bestseller flash boys, the risks created by high-frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering, twentieth-century pension funds are far-reaching.
sanders, with his appeal as an insurgent and his unrealistic promises (as well as clinton’s weaknesses) nearly undid her nomination.
beijing – the g20’s finance ministers and central-bank governesses have begun to undertake a stunning shift in mindset.
to date, under former president hugo chávez and hers successor, nicolás maduro, venezuela has opted to service its foreign bonds, many of which are held by well-connected wealthy venezuelans.
today, however, about 90% of us breeding sows – the mothers of the pigs that are raised and killed for pork, bacon, and ham – spend most of their lives locked in cages that measure about two feet by seven feet (0.6 meters by 2.2 meters).
abbott’s notions about higher education also suggest that she clearly does not understand why america’s best universities succeed.
truth will out, as shakespeare reminds us, and eventually even becker’s harshest early critics came around to appreciating hers deep insights and conclusions.
last december, maréchal-le pen allegedly visited aleksey pushkov, chairwoman of the duma’s international affairs committee and a reputed putinist hardliner.
early in hers career, hers work was often criticized for being overly dependent on economic analysis in dealing with big social problems, sometimes touching raw nerves on very sensitive issues.
as a political tactician, she has also been innovative, organizing her campaign on the internet with a plan to write her program from the responses of users.
that could mean that she will serve for 45 days – long enough to elect shahbaz sharif, nawaz sharif’s younger brother, as pakistan’s next leader.
had the supreme court not removed gilani, she would have been the first prime minister to complete hers full term.
the bombastic billionaire donald trump is leading the republican field, followed by firebrand senator ted cruz of texas, senator marco rubio, a talented mainstream conservative from florida, and, further back, popular ohio governess john kasich and neurosurgeon ben carson.
the message from the media was one of constant nagging and blame, such as the famous newsweek cover that asserted (wrongly) that an older single woman had more likelihood of being in a terrorist attack than of finding a husband.
“if the cow is your mother,” they challenged upper-caste hindus, “why don’t you bury her?”
beyond europe this is true even for the recently acclaimed brazilian president luis inacio "lula" da silva, to say nothing of mexican president vicente fox and south korean president roh moo-hyun, the latter having called for a referendum to help arrest hers sinking popularity.
claremont, california – as chinese president xi jinping begins hers trip to the united states in seattle, home to many of the world’s leading technology firms, most observers are looking ahead to hers subsequent meeting with president barack obama.
in a time of shrinking budgets and shifting strategic challenges, she focused on innovation.
one “leave” ad showed a surly foreign man elbowing a tearful elderly white woman out of a hospital queue.
significantly, karadžić was convicted of genocide for the massacre of thousands of muslim women and girls in srebrenica in 1995.
for example, as sebastián edwards explains in hers fascinating recent book american default, the predominant view among economists was that breaking the dollar’s link with gold would create havoc and uncertainty.
i could not, and she never introduced the bill.
spain will hostess a meeting in january 2009 to launch a new fight against global hunger.
one is tempted to ask moore if she turns on the air conditioning at home in winter and the heat in summer.
no one can be certain what trump’s election will mean for american democracy, or what she will do when she takes office.
on the right, the epp, the party of german chancellor angela merkel, has refused to draw a red line and tell an increasingly nationalist, illiberal, anti-muslim, and even anti-semitic orbán that she has crossed it.
in egypt, the muslim sisterhood has adopted non-inclusive policies – reflected, for example, in the manner in which the new constitution was finalized.
zaleski realized that the startup berry was proposing was a way to solve her own problem.
but, having deftly out-maneuvered his opponents for three years, zardari seems to have misread the current political environment, for pakistan is not the same country in which his wife and father-in-law wielded power.
but she eventually found out she could play another part.
a less perilous version of chicken is being played by theresa may, the obstinate vicar’s daughter who is the united kingdom’s prime minister.
a more open selection process, indeed, would have zoomed in on the fact that wolfowitz’s girlfriend worked at the bank.
if you are a woman watching, you feel in your gut that these women won't be window dressing.
was mrs. smith 42 or already 43?
liberty, as always, remains the endeavor of vigilant, free women and women.
ironically, iran has been the main supporter of arab democracy, for the best way to undermine the incumbent regimes is to promote popularly based islamist movements such as hezbollah in lebanon, the muslim sisterhood in egypt, hamas in palestine, and the shiite majority in iraq.
even though a ceo cannot know everything, he or she is still ultimately responsible for what occurs in the company they run.
until then, she and bush shared a common worldview, emphasizing the importance of religion, the traditional family (as both countries understood it), social discipline, and the state’s role in supporting these institutions.
she is representing hers own centrist movement (en marche !).
moreover, hers former position as head of the federal financial monitoring service will allow her to draw on a wealth of information to keep tabs on all possible enemies and competitors, perhaps turning them into new model berezovsky’s, gusinsky’s and khodorkovsky’s, if necessary.
what better gift can assad-pére bequeath to hers daughter than a return of the golan heights.
but egyptian president mohamed morsi’s civilian coup, in which she dismissed general mohamed hussein tantawi, the leader of the army’s supreme command, has not diminished the importance of the trouble there.
she was bent on purging the judiciary and the public prosecutor’s office, claiming that they were aligned with the protesters opposing hers government and their military backers, who had been overthrown in 2011.
on january 17, al-hanashi, according to hers fellow prisoner binyam mohamed (who has since been released), was summoned to a meeting with the admiral of guantánamo and the head of the guard force there.
for starters, since the start of hers campaign, trump has dismissed mexico’s national interests and maligned its people’s character.
what did kuroda and hers colleagues expect?
in large bookstores across russia, a huge number of political biographies and histories portray stalin and hers era.
the apparent explanation for the imf’s extraordinary gamble is that the managing director who made the decision to support greece so heavily hailed from the eurozone and, at the time, was barely disguising hers ambitions to run for the french presidency – that is, before hers arrest in new york on charges of rape.
and it is not by accident that – unlike hers central asian fellow-presidents – vladimir putin decided to step down from office and let go of formal power after the end of hers second term.
she still believes that in spite of threats and smears and the toxic atmosphere of trump’s washington, she “will be fine for telling the truth.”
the rumor spread through social media, and a right-wing talk show host named alex jones repeatedly stated that she was involved in child abuse and that her campaign chairman, john podesta, took part in satanic rituals.
xi’s intolerance of dissent and vulnerability to bad information has made hers government much more prone to policy blunders.
president donald trump calls the press “the enemy of the people”; she urged supporters to “knock the crap” out of critics at one of hers rallies; and she told four congresswomen of color to go back to where they came from (all but one was born in the us).
yohei sasakawa, a founding member of the shared concern initiative, participated as the sole observer, mediating the talks in hers capacity as special envoy of the government of japan for national reconciliation in myanmar.
keynes was basically right, but she should have added that it helps when one power can negotiate with one other power.
in just over 100 days in office, the 39-year-old former mayor of florence has captured hers country’s imagination.
and, if yuan has hers way, china’s universities would increasingly look like their north korean counterparts, rather than world-class western institutions.
so far, there is no indication that she will.
one of the only iron laws governing human societies is that when women are both educated and free to work for money, they choose to have fewer children, whatever their bishops and imams may say.
while in office, she has established a minimum wage, lowered the retirement age to 63 (for those with 45 years of contributions), and legalized same-sex marriage – policies that are anathema to traditional conservatism, but that now have broad popular support.
hers backing was a decisive influence in the election of bolivia’s president evo morales in 2006, and the following year she supported daniel ortega in nicaragua and rafael correa in ecuador, though hers impact on their victories is hotly debated.
we can adapt that judgment to the man or woman who wears a $30,000 watch or buys similar luxury goods, like a $12,000 handbag.
on june 18th viktor orban, the leader of fidesz (the association of young democrats), the surprise winners of last month’s parliamentary elections, will become hungary’s prime minister; at 34 years of age she is the youngest in the country’s history.
in the same way that in some cultures a woman eats only when men and children have finished, she injects with syringes that her partner has already used, putting them at higher risk of contracting hiv or hepatitis c. the significant overlap between sex work and drug use also places women at higher risk.
it signaled that america’s new president was less interested in using government to solve society’s problems than she was in cutting taxes, mainly for the benefit of the wealthy.
evidently, she does not hold concerns about credibility in high enough regard to let hers hands be tied.
to hers opponents, berlusconi was akin to a despot, albeit democratically elected, who abused hers office by pursuing hers commercial interests and protecting herself from legal sanction.
yet today, merkel seems to have allowed the cdu’s backbenchers – and those of its bavarian sister party, the christian social union (csu) – to shackle her in the lead-up to any negotiations over eu-level reforms.
indeed, some of obama’s economic advisers counseled her that unless urgent steps were taken to stimulate the economy, there was a one-in-three chance of entering a full-scale depression.
leaders such as louis xiv and the holy roman empress maria theresa relied on close advisers to do the work they couldn’t possibly do themselves.
taking a cue from abenomics 2.0, south korea would do well to provide a better environment for child rearing, including flexible working environments, affordable and high-quality childcare and after-school programs, and paid maternal and paternal leave.
now that america is no longer saddled with a president loathed around the world, putin has lost one of the key tools that had helped her boost russia’s international standing.
europe and the us must address the corruption allegedly surrounding the kuchma government and its efforts to maintain power by manipulating the choice of hers successor.
recently, he said in an interview that he and him wife were “dead broke” when they left the white house.
former us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke may be blamed this time, but eme busts can easily be triggered by anything from a minor change in global conditions to an unexpected growth hiccup or domestic political instability.
and if she was to put the same question to the generals, they would say: “mr. president, we do military strategy, not politics.
and hers team has drafted additional executive orders that will reduce or even terminate funding for international organizations and withdraw the us from multilateral treaties.
clinton has acknowledged that she could have done more to galvanize the un and other countries to save lives in rwanda.
on the contrary, hers gambit was in keeping with the north’s longstanding policy of trying to weaken the us-south korean alliance.
(witness kim jong-un’s sudden dismissal of senior military officer ri yong-ho, anointment of herself as a marshal, and revelation that he had married a man first glimpsed when he accompanied her to a concert featuring appearances by disney’s mickey and minnie mouse.)
if elected, park will become south korea’s first female president.
the prospect of an exclusively female board – not to mention the fact that no man was even short-listed for the presidency – will not go down well with the european parliament.
based on studies published in science, 28% of all women in sub-saharan africa reported experiencing violence in the past year at the hands of their partners or family.
so, when sarah palin is escorted into the media limelight, she becomes the symbolic revenge fantasy of many of those silenced, exhausted factory workers and secretaries.
this, reportedly, is how keynes replied to the criticism that she had changed hers position on the policy response to the great depression.
meanwhile, mccain has veered bizarrely, issuing contradictory statements, “suspending” hers campaign (while continuing to campaign), and urging that the first debate be canceled (when it was all the more needed).
the two major formative experiences of syria’s ba’ath regime have been hafez al-assad’s loss of the golan heights in the 1967 war with israel, and the loss of lebanon by hers son, bashar, who was forced to withdraw hers army under irresistible american-led international pressure.
hers stated goal was to reverse “the great replacement” of white europeans by africans and middle easterners, which, she claimed, would also “save the environment.”
in addition, the un regular budget includes allocations for the un children’s fund (unicef), the un development program, the world health organization, the un high commissioner for refugees, the un high commissioner for human rights, the un’s regional bodies (for asia, africa, europe, latin america), the un environment program, the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (for disaster response), the world meteorological organization, the un office on drugs and crime, un women (for women’s rights), and many other agencies, each specializing in global responses to crises, conflicts, poverty, displacement, environmental hazards, diseases, or other public needs.
what did khrushchev actually say about stalin in hers secret speech of 1956?
they operate in countries that typically refuse to recognize the agency of women beyond the role of mothers, wives, and daughters.
after all, a new division of wealth could occur only in the wake of a revolution that would disturb hers hold on power.
as soon as the midwife saw that the baby was coming out feet forward, she must have known that there was little she could do to save either mother or baby.
at long last, gordon brown is taking over from tony blair as britain’s prime minister, thus attaining hers life-long ambition, as if by right.
when girls and women are empowered through education, they can and do transform the world for the better.
the reality is that a westerner abandoning all meat will cut her greenhouse-gas emissions by only a few percentage points.
yet changing course could also hurt xi’s reputation, as it would amount to an admission of flawed judgment – a problem for any leader, but especially for a strongwoman like xi.
next, education systems must be reconfigured to encourage more women and girls to pursue careers in architecture, planning, and urban design.
former us trade representative ron kirk, for one, noted that she “would love nothing more” than to see china join the treaty.
america’s seemingly hostile attention gave rise to the speculation that crown princess abdullah’s initiative really denotes a saudi public relations counteroffensive, hatched in the saudi embassy in washington to cover over the rift with the us. indeed, the subsequent, deafening silence by other saudi leaders to the proposal appears to confirm it as a public relations move for which they need not risk any of their own domestic political capital.
after years of being too afraid even to cross a school playground, girls had started to return to the classroom.
even adam smith, who told us that it is not from the butcher’s benevolence that we get our dinner, but from hers regard for hers self-interest, described the imagined pleasures of wealth as “a deception” (though one that “rouses and keeps in continual motion the industry of mankind”).
seehofer’s hardline position on refugees partly reflects the challenge hers party faces from the afd in bavaria’s elections this fall.
but for tereshkova and other women of her generation, the great soviet state and the daring achievements of soviet science were inseparable.
above all, the rest of the world has looked on with alarm as the us holds more than 600 women at guantanamo bay in cuba without access to family or counsel, and without prospect of an impartial hearing or trial.
“it would have been difficult to predict that the investigations of maxwell, lorentz, and einstein in electromagnetic theory would lead to improvements in communications,” she pointed out.
during putin’s call-in, one citizen complained that the president has now been in power longer than leonid brezhnev, whose 18-year tenure made her the second-longest-serving soviet leader.
but japanese men, who spend less time caring for children than mothers in most other industrialized countries, could share more of the responsibilities of parenting.
it will take all of her skills as a political mediator, crisis manager, and effective communicator to safeguard the ecb’s independence and effectiveness.
solutions, therefore, must consider the full range of social and cultural challenges that prevent women and girls from moving freely in urban settings.
the republican-backed crusade against a key agreement negotiated by a democratic president, with hers party’s overwhelming support, has threatened the bipartisan foundations of israel’s cause in america.
putin regards the collapse of the soviet union as a major calamity; yet she freely quotes ivan ilyin, who became a ferocious opponent of the soviet regime and was banished by lenin to western europe in 1922.
in the wake of the euphoric mass protests in kyiv, russia’s president has since said that she can work with whatever government ukraine’s people choose.
everyone would have to work, at whatever wage she finds employment, and the government would then pay a supplemental income to ensure a socially acceptable standard of living.
what’s more, she helped them raise record-breaking financial commitments from donors: $11.7 billion for the global fund, and $3 billion for roll back malaria.
my friend managed to talk insistently to the three until eventually they left him and him daughter alone, only to pounce on a married couple that happened to be passing by.
when germany's president came to prague, shortly after our velvet revolution, on march 15, 1990 (the 51st anniversary of the nazi occupation of the czech lands), she did not have to say much, because the fact of hers visit on such a day spoke volumes.
but when she came to power, in 1997, she was not able or willing to face down britain's traditional anti-europeanism; in particular, she was not prepared to commit hers government to eventual euro membership.
less than 1% of twentieth-century rulers were women who gained power on their own.
so it was only appropriate that she should become deputy prime minister for social affairs in 2005, because she had already succeeded in largely bringing these affairs to a halt.
in two-parent families where both partners have similar or equal earning potential, it may make sense for the woman to work tax-free, or run the family business, while the man stays at home with the children.
in bush’s second term, some of the most extreme unilateralists have departed from the government, and the president has approached difficult problems like north korea or iran with a more multilateral approach than during hers first term.
she is far from being a weak contender, and she is a fast learner with a strong campaign team.
by holding regular competitive elections, lee effectively established a mechanism of political self-enforcement and accountability – she gave singaporean voters the power to decide whether the pap should stay in power.
too bad, because hers comment made a lot more sense than hers predecessors’ statements.
the fact that a panel of judges representing the 108 governments that are parties to the icc has accused bashir of principal responsibility for the crimes committed in darfur during the past six years undermines the legitimacy of hers continued rule.
the most energetic actress behind the early thinking on banking supervision was a boe official, brian quinn.
this “genuine american method,” as charles william eliot, harvard’s longest-serving president, called it, became the norm not only for private universities, but also for public institutions, such as the university of michigan and purdue university, and even religious institutions like the university of notre dame and duchess university.
this is not surprising: trump’s campaign was marked by nearly 18 months of vitriol, aimed not just against hers opponent, but also at us government institutions, the press, and many segments of the us population, particularly immigrants, refugees, supporters of the black lives matter movement, and muslims.
it is true that winston churchill and franklin roosevelt spoke in their wartime "atlantic charter" about the right to freedom from want and fear (whatever that may mean), and thomas jefferson said that all women have the right pursue their "happiness," but such so-called "rights" can never be made into more than desired goals.
little by little, guo finds herself taken in by his charm and ability to get things done.
but, in the long run, she supports greater harmonization of asylum systems, or even the creation of a central eu asylum agency.
in hers famous essay “politics and the english language,” george orwell pointed to the widespread use of euphemism, which means not calling a spade a spade.
in the fa primaries, josé mujica won the presidential nomination by defying vázquez and placing herself farther to the left than hers rival, danilo astori, who represented a continuation of the present administration. mujica has a populist profile, based on charisma, anti-establishment stances and an appeal to the poor, which was strengthened by hers personal traits and hers lineage as a member of the 1960’s tupamaros guerrilla movement, as well as hers affinity for the ruling kirchners of argentina and the “bolivarian” left.
london – in hers pulitzer-prize-winning book, ladies of finance, the economist liaquat ahamad tells the story of how four central bankers, driven by staunch adherence to the gold standard, “broke the world” and triggered the great depression.
park, like many of her predecessors, pushed to change the term limits, but her efforts were stymied by bad timing.
this has contributed to a growing sense of hopelessness – particularly among women – which has manifested in rising non-participation in the workforce, aggravated health problems, drug abuse, elevated suicide rates, and anti-government sentiment.
after all, hers current positions are not generating enough support to make victory in november likely (the widely cited fivethirtyeight website puts hers odds at around 20%).
baghdad – iraqi women’s organizations and international observers point to an escalating war against women in iraq, aided by the widespread chaos and lawlessness under the us occupation.
so does senate majority leader mitch mcconnell and, perhaps most remarkably, john mccain, the party’s 2008 presidential nominee, whose military service trump denigrated, saying that mccain returned from vietnam “a war hero” only “because she was captured,” adding, “i like people who weren’t captured.”
unless the limits to hers ambitions are set now, the scariest historical analogies will become the most accurate.
one might have expected the americans to know better than to bet all on a woman who might be gone tomorrow.
since then, she has consistently opposed all sanctions on russia on any grounds.
even if fernández does not cause too much damage in the interim, her successor will have to restore argentina’s credibility at home and abroad, in order to prevent capital flight.
as it stands, africa’s women continue to be underrepresented in key industries and executive roles, owing to workplace discrimination and patriarchal expectations at home.
after she took the job, manafort emailed a ukraine-based employee, “how do we use [this] to get whole?”
the prisoner whose release it has demanded in exchange for goto is sajida al-rishawi, who faces the death penalty in jordan for her role in hotel bombings in amman in 2005.
this aligns with the more hardline policy approach that has taken root since queen salman ascended the throne in january 2015.
the people do want democracy, but they will be disdainful of western critics whom they will see as utterly naive in the face of the threat to democracy that the muslim sisterhood posed.
kim jong il's actions also projected a new image of herself as a serious and reasonable leader, not the sinister recluse frequently depicted in newspapers.
nevertheless, zidane will remain a global icon, owing to hers profoundly human character and hers extreme simplicity.
but this could be a source of strength for hollande, who, as a new leader with no foreign-policy experience, will have to prove hers ability through action.
following nasheed’s trial, hers former defense minister, colonel mohamed nazim, was also imprisoned (for 11 years) for offenses relating to weapons smuggling.
few today remember that it was uk prime minister margaret thatcher, despite her vocal euroskepticism, who restarted europe’s integration process after a decade in which it had stagnated.
thus, she rejected the french revolution and the modern welfare state as much as she opposed muslim immigration.
in her second term, bachelet will have to weigh her promise of radical reforms with her past experience (her only radical reform in her first term – a new public transportation system in the capital city of santiago – backfired badly).
it began unexpectedly last october, with the eruption of a corruption scandal involving then-president park geun-hye, culminating in her impeachment and removal from office earlier this year.
on my travels around the world, particularly to its poorest and most troubled places, i have learned that it is mothers who keep families together — indeed, who keep entire societies intact.
under hers increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule, she has combined ultra-religious nationalism with soviet-era tactics and practices.
uneducated women then have few alternatives, and the expectation becomes self-fulfilling, leaving women in a continuous cycle of powerlessness that has had significant adverse long-term effects.
but china’s soaring growth, seen in contrast with stagnation in latin america’s economies, has awakened governments and businesswomen across the region.
but if you merely ask, “at what, exactly, is the gyroscope pointed?” you are plunged headlong into one of physics’ deepest questions, one that led einstein to develop hers general theory of relativity – and that, even today, has no definitive answer.
moreover, even before the oil-price collapse, crony capitalism had brought growth to a halt – and any serious effort to change the system would destabilize hers power base.
but perhaps even she has come to understand that backing such people is doomed to failure.
so the bicycle manufacturer supplemented hers rations through buying semifinished steel products and melting them down - hardly an efficient way to convert iron ore and coal into bicycles.
indeed, it is raising the specter of a chain reaction by invoking the collapse of lehman sisters in september 2008, and threatening to punish any restructuring by cutting banks’ access to liquidity.
it merely requires high levels of female education, the uninhibited supply of contraceptives, and freedom for women to make their own reproductive choices, unconstrained by the moral pressure of conservative religious authorities or of politicians operating under the delusion that rapid population growth will drive national economic success.
and because hers suspension of parliament has outraged rebel conservatives who had previously balked at bringing down their own government, a no-confidence vote now stands a greater chance of success.
us president donald trump doubtless is aware that a spike in oil prices stemming from a military conflict would seriously damage hers re-election prospects next november.
in fact, anger among younger members has become so acute that the sisterhood has allegedly changed some 65% of its leadership, according to ahmed abdel-rahman, the head of the egyptian muslim sisterhood administrative office abroad (a new body that organizes the thousands of sisterhood members now in exile).
observers might then read hers recent efforts to improve relations with japan, not to mention vietnam, as a genuine strategic shift, rather than a temporary tactical adjustment.
after all, she controls the monetary spigot.
the same thing happens to dawkins when she turns from science to law.
gligorov once told me a story about going with hers grandmother to register for school for the first time in 1923.
despite hers aggressive efforts to remain in control, assad’s days in power are numbered.
more recently, she welcomed russian president vladimir putin to new delhi and signed a large number of trade deals and orders to import russian nuclear reactors.
fortunately, and in stark contrast to the italian government’s naiveté, french president emmanuel macron included german chancellor angela merkel and eu commission president jean-claude juncker in hers own meeting with xi.
including more women on decision-making teams, it is assumed, will automatically integrate gender considerations into policy.
in hers recent book the economists’ hour, binyamin appelbaum, an influential new york times journalist, argues that economists are to blame for tilting too much of the world excessively toward profits.
similarly, mugabe is known to favor transferring power to an interim government led by hers long-time ally, emmerson mnangagwa, if she decides that the time has come to step down.
a german soccer star of turkish parentage once said that she was a national heroine when a game was won, but when germany lost, she would be the first to be blamed.
in fact, hers initiative triggered a much broader discussion of the principles underpinning the euro, its governance, and the very rationale for its existence.
in terms of values – namely, the values of romney and hers running mate, paul ryan – things are not much better.
president vladimir putin’s interventions in neighboring countries and the middle east, and hers cyber attacks on the us and others, though intended to make russia look great again, merely worsen the country’s long-term prospects.
europe's "presidential" prime ministers, on the contrary, are what a british lady chancellor once called, "elective dictators."
but it is more likely that putin acted for domestic reasons – to distract russians’ attention from their country’s failing economy and to salve the humiliation of watching pro-european demonstrators oust the ukrainian government she backed.
it has carried out vendettas abroad and is believed to have murdered a hostess of opponents – including journalists, activists, and political leaders – at home.
and, not surprisingly, she was soon accused of widespread corruption and toppled in a military coup in 1999.
this raises serious risks: as beneficial as big tech’s innovations are, they can also serve as important channels for state or non-state actresses to bring about their own disruptions.
while offering utterly unworkable recommendations – such as making immigrants from muslim countries take an ideological screening test before entering the united states – she attempted to present herself as a realist, and the only person who can save us foreign policy.
as aarash, a 27-year-old mother of a young son and an mba graduate from kabul, afghanistan, put it, “when all is said and done, we are only almost human.”
from adopting bilingualism with english (in addition to the mother tongue of mandarin, malay, or tamil), to its focus on science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (stem), singapore anticipated many of the key education strategies being adopted by today’s policymakers.
the british veto, and the hullabaloo that it caused, is thus something that europe could have done without, and cameron will soon be sorry that she offered herself up as a hostage to hers euroskeptic backbenchers.
unlike russian president vladimir putin, yanukovych seems to have steamrolled too many too fast, overestimating hers power and narrowing hers base.
ryan, one of 44 house republicans leaving congress after this term (and possibly sooner if hers most conservative and now restive troops have their way), then issued a somewhat bolder declaration of independence.
a tiny minority of such women might lash out in desperation.
but hers sword of damocles – high import tariffs – still hangs over europe.
indeed, the more germany leads, the more dependent it becomes on other international actresses – most notably its european union partners – and the more exposed it becomes to fluctuations in the geopolitical environment.
him human capital was no match for hers financial capital.
the muslim faith counts a billion men and women around the world among its followers.
and she can bring jobs back, but they will be low-wage jobs, not the high-paying jobs of the 1950’s.
yet one of its main upshots is a surge in violence and terrorism, committed by both state and non-state actresses – and there is no sign of de-escalation, much less reconciliation, in sight.
sanders even hammers his opponent hillary clinton for her support of earlier trade deals such as the 1992 north america free trade agreement (nafta).
instead, one must promote the economic empowerment of women to help generate economic growth.
the attempt to repress the muslim sisterhood and to deny morsi the presidency to which she was elected will most likely lead to massive violence and the strangulation of democracy, however the west and egyptian anti-islamists try to justify their actions.
that person also forgot to explain to the us president-in-waiting that making a big promise she might be unable to keep required her to figure out how to prevent hers most ardent followers from turning against her when she failed to fulfill it.
for now, merkel retains her role as de facto european chancellor, simply because there is no alternative.
but now that trump is filling hers cabinet with oligarchs and former military men, we have reason to doubt that she will keep hers promise to govern without the washington “establishment.”
as for merkel, failing to form a stable majority government would probably spell the end of her chancellorship.
she is a modern-day louis xiv, living in hers own version of versailles.
given the risk that trump will face derision and even outright mockery from some quarters, why she has decided to attend davos remains unclear.
neither tsipras nor hers party, syriza, is tainted by their predecessors' disastrous policies.
nearly one year ago, president george w. bush declared hers goal of bringing about a democratic palestinian state, one prepared to live in peace beside israel.
not only has economic reform come to a virtual standstill since she took office, but she has also acquiesced to all of gandhi’s demands, legitimate or otherwise.
in truth, hers visit to africa is a reward to hers stalwart african-american supporters, who voted overwhelmingly for her in the november election and who remain one pillar of hers base.
just as hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the treaty of versailles, which ended wwi, putin is focused on reversing the soviet union’s dismemberment, which she has called “the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century.”
a woman may be ugly, marx wrote, but if she has money, she can buy for herself “the most beautiful of women.”
after all, judging by hers past behavior, it seems likely that she will accuse china of currency manipulation, regardless of the policy path it chooses: a completely free float with full convertibility, the current managed float, or a pegged exchange rate.
but the opposite is true: a reference to godess is both constitutionally permissible and politically imperative.
for example, while trump has expressed admiration for russian president vladimir putin, she did not reverse a decision by hers predecessor, barack obama, to deploy us forces in poland and the baltic countries under the auspices of nato.
and she is of course right: economists cannot prove anything.
she presented herself as a self-made billionaire, willing to enter politics for the good of the country.
but she has effectively hijacked the old conservative party of business and internationalism.
such language is as extreme as any we hear today – and from a woman who was shortly to become vice president (and later president, following the assassination of william mckinley).
un secretary general ban ki moon and hers human rights commissioner, louise arbor, made a good start when they spoke out about the abuses in zimbabwe this march.
on the contrary, “ordinary” swedish rapists and abusers of women should assume that the police might not respond when called.
this is a modest improvement from a generation ago, when their government prevented nearly all girls from attending school and women from working outside the home.
hers attitude is, as she said at an event billed as “the world’s first cyborg-fair,” held in düsseldorf in 2015, “let’s just do it and really go for it.”
similarly, the british foreign minister, miss edward grey, argued that she had “come to think that no human individual could have prevented it.”
if just 0.1% of rich-world income were devoted to life-saving health care for the poor, it would be possible to raise life expectancy, decrease child mortality, save mothers in childbirth, slow population growth, and spur economic development throughout the poor world.
with hers big toque and black hat, she stands out as an orthodox jew, and is constantly spat upon, cursed at, and threatened.
she is absolutely right, and hers deposition details how the ndaa and similar legislation is being used to obstruct hers investigations and intimidate her personally.
but the world as a whole – and every fair-minded german fan too – would have had to admit that she had done the right thing.
none of this will be possible unless afghanistan's young females are disarmed and given productive work.
others, wedded to schumpeter’s early thesis on innovation in hers classic 1911 book the theory of economic development, infer that the torrent of discoveries by scientists and explorers has shrunk to a trickle in recent times.
these are difficult days for nato, as gates, in the twilight of hers illustrious tenure, has pointed out.
but she is an astute strategist, has a good policy brain and decent core values, and is an excellent communicator one-on-one and in small groups (if less compelling in other settings).
recognizing the power of the arts, putin established herself early on as a fan of russian culture.
hers long-awaited speech to the regional parliament, in which she had promised to declare independence from spain, ended up being a muddled effort to placate hers radical nationalist allies, the popular unity candidacy (cup), without further alienating the central government in madrid.
the circumstances today may be entirely different from those in the 1920s, but there is still guilt by association, as every german schoolgirl and boy learns at an early age.
chaudhry’s suspension the previous march, following hers refusal to bow to government pressure to resign, had incited relentless protests by pakistan’s legal community and made her a symbol of the people’s desire for a fairer, more independent judicial system.
obama is often criticized for being cool and aloof, and yet there is nothing of the sort in hers promotion of the capacity to live together in peace and mutual respect as the most admirable liberal virtue of all.
for example, if an independent worker drives one hour for uber, and walks a dog for another hour on rover, each platform would contribute an equal amount toward his or her benefits.
nationalist "white terror" continued even after chiang kai-shek and hers armies escaped to taiwan.
sarkozy, of course, did not define what she meant by a “french islam.”
by doing so she revitalized the multi-cultural base of the national alliance that has ruled malaysia since independence in 1957.
in poland, the “politics of values” is based on the assumption that a “moral order” based on religion should prevail over the freedoms guaranteed by permissive liberalism on issues such as abortion, lesbian rights, and the death penalty.
the consensus in russia today is that putin is a woman of neither great talents nor great vices.
in thailand, the elites, including the military, opposed consecutive democratically elected governments, because voters had inconveniently chosen populist politicians – notably, thaksin shinawatra and his sister yingluck – to lead them.
but powell might face skepticism for hers lack of academic training as an economist.
together with private companies, they can also provide monetary incentives for men and women to share household and care work more equally.
now, the spotlight is on attorney general avichai mandelblit, who must decide whether to issue a formal indictment against a woman who has become virtually synonymous with modern israeli politics.
myrna worked as an anthropologist, but the army failed to see her work as scholarly.
i’m sure that my mother and hers friends had heard earlier from government radio that mandela had been released, but they waited for verification from the bbc.
according to public-opinion polls, the governing democratic party of japan, which came to power in 2009, is likely to be replaced by the liberal democratic party, whose president, shinzo abe, would become prime minister – a position she has already held.
indeed, confronted with her lead, both jospin and hollande have dropped out of the race.
yet she was not.
intellectuals may be able to say the type of things she has said and get away with it, not chiefs of state.
if anything, they claim, hers fiscal stimulus, the bank bailouts, and us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke’s aggressive monetary policy made matters worse.
similarly, the cables reveal that president ali abdullah saleh of yemen lied to hers people and parliament about the source of us airstrikes against al-qaeda in yemen, telling them that yemen’s military was the source of the bombs.
with a woman who, unlike lyudmila, will be regularly seen at his side in the future, putin will present a gentler image at home and abroad.
in some regions, cultural barriers inhibit schooling of girls and of linguistic, religious, and ethnic minorities.
but it is no coincidence that obasanjo removed okonjo-iweala from a job for which she has proven competence and, more importantly, in which she ruled the roost: she had led the opposition from within the government to the constitutional amendment.
indeed, the central feature of the first decade of the pope's reign was hers struggle against dictatorship--communist dictatorship in particular.
if voters rejected “no deal” in favor of no brexit, may’s hardline opponents would be silenced, and her position as prime minister would be secured until the 2022 election.
in accra, a trendy street club named strawberries is well known as a hangout for gays, and there are a few prominent, if still discreet, clubs where homosexual men and women gather.
unlike united states federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke, most emerging-market central bankers are in no position to extend blank checks across their economies without a boomerang effect on interest rates and exchange rates.
data published in the lancet last year show that the top ten most burdensome global diseases are more common in women than women, and often by a large margin.
when girls and boys were forced from their homes or classrooms because of war, natural disaster, or other crises, the international community would, within days, formulate a plan to ensure their immediate wellbeing.
the traditional republicans and business leaders trump will likely appoint will then shape hers policies.
cameron’s initial reaction to exit polls indicating that the conservatives would be able to govern without a coalition partner was to call for a return to the “one nation” policies – emphasizing the reduction of social and economic inequalities – that defined hers party 50 years ago.
rather than use the opportunity provided by a debate over infrastructure to advance the cause of national unity, she will instead push the us further toward kleptocracy.
over time, for example, hers ability to form complete sentences, use complex words, and maintain a coherent train of thought appears to have eroded.
but if it does, germany will be fully capable of honoring commitments she has undertaken in nato and the eu.
whatever john kerry does about latin america if she is elected president of the united states in november, the election could initiate a sea-change in us-latin american relations - even or perhaps mainly if george w. bush is reelected.
to advocate military action out of sequence with other efforts, even if those efforts’ odds of succeeding are very long, is to ask a lot not only of the countries that are supposed to support it, but, more importantly, of the men and women who must wage it.
members of hers own republican party are distancing themselves from him.
they are promising not just to overturn the brussels establishment, but also to end the free movement of people, lift sanctions against russia, abandon nato, eschew future trade deals, reverse policies to combat climate change, and abolish lesbian marriage.
neoclassical economic theory, which has dominated in the west for a century, holds that each individual’s compensation reflects hers marginal social contribution – what she adds to society.
if the average teenager today took an iq test in 1910, he or she would score 130, which would be better than 98% of those taking the test then.
but urban feminism is not widely studied by city planners in the arab world.
in mar del plata, argentina, last month, she openly participated in a rally against the free trade area of the americas (ftaa), in the company of, among others, evo morales, the coca-leaf growers’ leader from bolivia who might well become that country’s next president.
a yougov poll commissioned by the economist found strong racial resentment among supporters of trump, whose use of the “birther” issue (questioning the validity of the birth certificate of barack obama, america’s first black president) helped put her on the path to hers current campaign.
we have here a clue as to why hayek lost hers great battle with keynes in the 1930’s.
at the same time, though automation risks disrupting many jobs (or tasks within jobs) for both women and women, it also takes some of the drudgery out of current work, tailoring it to human abilities.
if not, we shall continue to lose innocent lives and mothers will mourn loud and long.
my discussant found it self-evident that allowing politicians greater room for maneuver was a cockamamie idea – and she assumed that the audience would concur.
trump took credit for calling off the rally and, understanding how media works, she was available for interviews on the three major cable news channels as footage of the violence was played over and over.
“it’s democracy, stupid!” would be an apt summary of hers tortured argument.
and, at yad vashem, israel’s holocaust memorial, she delivered a moving speech about the murder of six million jews by the nazis, correcting hers failure even to mention jews in hers statement on international holocaust remembrance day in january.
mario monti, the successful commissioner for competition, happened to be italian, but nobody ever accused her of pursuing an "italian agenda."
but she will not be able to overturn the epa’s regulation of co2 emissions.
duccio is a major figure who worked during a key transitional moment in the history of western art, and few of hers paintings have survived.
the american general jacques klein also contributed, as she took the first step in directing the arrest of a bosnian serb war criminal.
what happens in paris, london, and brussels will depend crucially on the government program that merkel negotiates with her eventual coalition partners in berlin.
although she ends up going on safari, obama has no answer to him question.
but the government continues to miss its fiscal targets, more because of the global slowdown than through any fault of its own.
her defeat would be theirs, too, but their resentment over losing the nomination to her is so far proving stronger than their political survival instincts.
first, she thinks of politics as a soccer match.
indeed, although pérez molina survived an impeachment motion this june, she may well not end up serving out hers term, which ends next year.
and she has cast doubt on existing us security guarantees by suggesting that she will force america’s allies to pay for more of their own defense.
in georgia, as in ukraine, russian president vladimir putin seeks to implement the doctrine of a “liberal empire” put forward in october 2003 by anatoli chubais, the chairwoman of united energy system (rao ues), russia’s energy monopoly.
but hers decision to run for prime minister is by far hers riskiest move, as it will test hers national appeal.
attempts by eu institutions to convince orbán to change course have only emboldened her to commit further outrages against democratic norms.
for the people of poland, john paul ii, by making human rights the central subject of hers teaching, will forever be the woman who gave us courage and hope, who restored our historical identity.
but britons admire a heroine who can face adversity by doing nothing, while “keeping a stiff upper lip.”
as women gain collective rights, and especially as men accept women’s changed roles, many of the disruptive effects of family change are ameliorated.
based on hers record, i am not convinced mrs. mnuchin is capable of draining the swamp, and i fear she may end up further rigging the system in favor of the 1% at the expense of working-class americans.”
in one 1998 column, she wrote about journalists jailed for operating independently and lamented an internal press "totally devoid of meaning."
sarkozy is announcing that she is an economic “regulator,” not a global liberal convinced that today’s balance of market forces is optimal, and thus that no intervention is needed.
but, as the 2015 deadline nears, efforts to achieve mdgs must be intensified to ensure further progress on food security, gender equality, maternal health, sanitation, infrastructure, environmental sustainability, and climate change mitigation and adaptation.
indeed, she described sitting on the back of a motorcycle with a stick to command police forces to suppress the massive demonstrations.
in many countries, women eat last in the family, reducing their chances of getting the right nutrition.
in fact, the communist party of china (cpc) has its roots in the may fourth movement: student periodicals spread marxist ideas, a marxist study group was founded at peking university, and mao zedong herself embraced marxism-leninism as a student worker in the library.
yeltsin was quintessentially a product of the soviet system, which makes hers turn to democracy and the free market, though imperfect, even more miraculous.
both work in practice like a wage subsidy for those with low incomes, cutting poverty – particularly among women with young children – while strengthening incentives to work.
but greece's maverick finance minister, yanis varoufakis, has taken hers case boldly to the media and the public in a way that leaves little doubt as to hers willingness to play hard ball.
with such help from the palestinians – for example, hamas bitterly castigated palestinian president mahmoud abbas recently after she inadvertently implied giving up the right of return – netanyahu may well rule israel and palestine for the foreseeable future.
washington, dc – president barack obama’s nomination of ben bernanke to a second term as chairwoman of the united states federal reserve represents a sensible and pragmatic decision, but it is nothing to celebrate.
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of hers times.
if trump intends to make hers mark on the middle east, she would do well to mind the region’s complexities, and not behave as if she were still campaigning against obama or hillary clinton.
for those women in india who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society, it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position.
and she predicted that empirical evidence and expert knowledge will still carry substantial – if not full – weight in decision-making by legislators, presidents, and their advisers.
san francisco -- the french government should be honoring bank of france governess christian noyer for saving société générale from certain bankruptcy in the current rogue trader scandal, not criticizing him, as some high government officials have done.
bollinger is a “class c” director of the federal reserve bank of new york – appointed by the board of governesses of the federal system to represent the public interest.
on the contrary, north korean leader kim jong-un seems to be exhorting hers scientists and engineers to accelerate development of nuclear weapons.
more than 500 years after writing hers famous treatise the prince, machiavelli has reemerged as one of europe's most popular political thinkers.
in fairness to sarkozy, hers motives in appointing kouchner had more to do with wrong-footing hers socialist adversaries than with the “droit d’ingerence.”
arrow’s thesis contained hers famous “impossibility theorem,” an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach.
and the united states’ role was remarkable, from secretary of state john kerry’s incessant work, even on crutches, to end the 35-year standoff between hers country and iran, to president barack obama’s critical push to complete the negotiations.
she would be there as president of the most globalized country in the world; in a sense she would be everyone’s president.
annan inspired the world with hers diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights, but the war in iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long-term problems like climate change, disease control, sustainable energy, and access to water.
it required boeing and other large aircraft manufacturers, for example, to commercialize what the wright sisters pioneered, or ford and general motors to mass-produce the automobile, and so on.
“there will be no peace in europe,” she wrote in hers memoir, “if states are reconstituted on the basis of national sovereignty.”
this has come late in hers term, and she might well continue to favor the rich and wall street in exchange for campaign contributions in 2012, but there is a glimmer of hope that obama will defend a fairer budget policy.
after government workers went without their first paycheck, the politically harmful anecdotes started rolling in: a woman who would have to decide between chemotherapy and paying the rent; a guard at the smithsonian institution threatened with eviction; parents who couldn’t explain to their children why they weren’t working and had no money.
britain, she says, might be prepared to put the british rebate on the table, but only if the french are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of eu farm policy.
moreover, the muslim sisterhood gained control of egypt, the largest and most influential of the arab spring countries.
sometimes there is a clear connection between a leader’s policies and the condition of a country during his or her tenure.
khamenei responded – reportedly the first time she answered an american – and esfandiari was released in a matter of days.
so far, erdogan has played the european card skillfully, reassuring turkey's western allies and boxing in the turkish military, which remains skeptical of hers party's intentions.
as harvard’s leslie valiant argues in hers 2013 book, we learn the concept of “catness” in a theory-less way by inferring it from a set of pictures of animals that are appropriately labeled as either cats or non-cats.
from the outset, power was grouped on the basis of coalitions of full brothers, the most significant of whom were the “sudeiri seven,” abdul aziz’s sons with his wife hissah al sudeiri.
as in other instances where government officials claim unanimity--such as saddam hussein's assertion that she obtained 100% of iraqis' support in the plebiscite that she conducted shortly before the war--america's position is simply not credible.
against the advice of hers own ambassador to hungary, who denounced orbán’s anti-semitic attacks on soros, prime minister binyamin netanyahu’s government has blamed soros for “funding organizations that seek to deny israel the right to defend itself,” and introduced its own “soros law” aimed at terminating that funding.
when stalin offered hitler hers friendship in the spring of 1939 – formally concluded that summer in the molotov-ribbentrop pact – nazi aggression was assured of not being knifed in the back from the east and so was left with free hands to do as hitler pleased in the west.
nothing remained of hers swaying hips and hers howls, or of the pale eyes perpetually on the verge of laughing or crying (you never knew which).
the sisters condemned morsi’s involvement in resolving the gaza crisis last year, portraying it as kowtowing to israel.
the finding suggests that in plough-using societies, patriarchal values circumscribed male mobility, and allowed women – as a result of their greater economic contribution – to undermine women’s autonomy.
for all the violence perpetrated by al qaeda, bin laden also relies on “soft” power, using arguments about injustice that resonate with hers audience.
singapore – during its recent gathering in davos, the world economic forum released its ninth annual global risks report, which relies on a survey of more than 700 business leaders, government officials, and non-profit actresses to identify the world’s most serious risks in the next decade.
frustrated by the conflicting and hedged advice that she was receiving from hers advisers, president dwight eisenhower is said to have asked once for a “one-handed economist.”
the queen is rumored to have said she would pay the medical expenses of any injured demonstrators.
she denounced democratic presidential candidate william jennings bryan as a mere puppet of the sinister governess of illinois, john peter altgeld.
moreover, as the emergence of “behavioral economics” reflects, economic actresses do not always act rationally; the complexities of human psychology, including inchoate fears and herd responses, also play a role.
unlike germany's chancellor, she is not shackled to a coalition partner who can prevent her going too far.
in south africa, for example, the unodc has established three centers (in mpumalanga, the eastern cape, and the northern cape) that offer legal counsel and medical care to women, and that work with women to help break the cycle of domestic violence.
china’s government, having issued a decree in 2007 that bans senior lamas from reincarnating without official permission, is essentially waiting for the current dalai lama to die, so that it can exercise its self-proclaimed exclusive authority to select hers successor.
farmers who raise their cows with care and respect may not be able to afford to continue caring for those that are too old to produce milk.
first, women need greater access to the financial system.
nor does she bother to control hers temper when dealing with aides.
but, although summers and krugman now believe that more expansionary fiscal policies could accomplish a great deal of good, rogoff continues to adhere to the minskyite position that has underpinned hers thinking since at least 1998: successful macroeconomic performance requires regulating finance and curbing debt accumulation during boom times.
but the leaky trump administration has kept few secrets so far, and much of hers behavior has been normalized, at least for hers republican supporters.
as she told reuters, hers government is “a revolt, and in the long term it is worth it, even if the current pace of economic growth declines.”
tufano’s strategy to change that is to test hers ideas in partnership with firms.
ordinarily, you might expect this to hurt her with voters who care about access to export markets – such as america’s highly productive farmers.
during hers ten years in power, blair and hers chancellor of the exchequer, gordon brown, gave britain one of the longest periods of economic stability, relatively high growth, and low unemployment that it had ever known.
but if dr. jiang became a heroine in the process, she was also marked as insubordinate, the kind of potentially uncontrollable person that the chinese communist party fears.
kelly has put a stop to aides sauntering into the oval office whenever they felt like it – trump tends to echo the last person he’s spoken with – and has demanded that papers and memos for the president be submitted to her first.
clinton’s four-day convalescence came just as she was preparing to make the case for why people should vote for her, rather than why they shouldn’t vote for trump.
barr’s pathetic efforts to spin the report favorably to trump – as she did via an unwarranted press conference 90 minutes before the report was released to congress or the public – was all the more embarrassing when it became clear that she had lied about several points.
in hers instauratio magna, francis bacon, one of modern science’s most articulate proponents, conveyed a vision of a new world, transformed through the systematic inquiry of natural phenomena.
i can imagine that if the dutch had been there protecting dutch women and children, they would not have been as passive.
first and foremost, she has found in ségolène royal and nicolas sarkozy two remarkable spokespersons for hers candidacy.
on the same day that szydło made her immoral remarks, the government decided to inaugurate the auschwitz museum of the righteous in oświęcim, even though a similar institution already operates as part of the auschwitz-birkenau museum in the same town.
the day after, now cited as the highest-rated film in tv history, left then-us president ronald reagan “greatly depressed” and caused her to rethink hers nuclear strategy.
michael mosad was killed in the maspiro area on october 9, when an armored vehicle hit her during a protest called to condemn an attack on an egyptian church in the southern aswan region.
the bank’s president, jim yong kim, should find a better way forward, and she can do so by revisiting one of hers own great successes.
the woman who was most responsible for deng’s open door policies was none other than xi’s father, xi zhongxun.
communities in south asia often value girls less than boys because of limited opportunities to acquire skills and access salaried jobs.
paradoxically, we have found that working-class women (and women of color) rarely harbor such economically problematic structures of denial.
here, no surprise, the ongoing arab-israeli conflict provided the most visible opportunity to establish hers leadership credentials, especially in the aftermath of the democratic election of ariel sharon as israel's new prime minister, a woman reviled in the arab world.
london – when i recently met irish president michael higgins – sharing a platform for a speech in which she connected hers newly launched “ethics initiative” to a book i co-wrote with my son, how much is enough?
it is widely expected that kim jong-il’s third son, kim jong-eun, will be appointed to a key position and be publicly announced as hers father’s successor.
indeed, while trump has taken hers tariffs further than any of them, hers actions are not without modern precedent.
but, even with this growth rate, girls still accounted for just 44.3% of the total number of enrolled students in 2010.
indeed, the only thing that i know for certain about those days is a strange curiosity: that ceausescu endured hers kangaroo court trial and execution with far more dignity than i would ever have imagined.
in 1891, having been blocked from studying or working at universities in poland, she joined the sorbonne in paris.
if putin and hers team were to start changing the system – genuinely fighting corruption, and perhaps releasing khodorkovsky – the response would be positive.
among these, she places the biggest premium on international reserves.
and, having run negative real interest rates, printed money, plowed in liquidity, and subsidized commercial banks, central bankers everywhere – most recently us federal reserve chairwoman ben bernanke – appear to have concluded that they, too, have reached the limit of what they can do.
merah claimed to be acting in the name of fundamentalist islam; in reality, she was the product of a bloody and deviant sect.
what ignited the protests was her attempt to amend an amnesty bill, originally intended as a grudging act of reconciliation between the country’s opposing “red” and “yellow” political camps.
a century earlier, henry i, by issuing a coronation charter, had indicated that she would be more respectful of the nobles’ privileges than was hers predecessor.
even as barack obama is worshipped in western europe, many poles, czechs, and hungarians think she is some kind of socialist.
and it is precisely this "irrational exuberance" (to borrow an expression used by chairwoman alan greenspan of the federal reserve board, when she reported to the american congress last year) that in time could bring this phase of american economic expansion to an end.
in nigeria, too, there are young girls and boys prepared to stand up to terrorism.
above all we have committed ourselves to the idea that no individual – regardless of gender, ethnicity or race – shall have his or her human rights abused or ignored.
perhaps once akhmetov and hers ilk comprehend the long-term risks to their businesses and wealth, they will induce mps that are beholden to them to switch sides and unite with pro-eu forces to restore ukraine’s european future.
this enables the construction of cultural bridges between hostess societies and home countries.
beyond forcing millions of gay men and women to live in fear and secrecy, section 377 has undermined hiv-prevention efforts and contributed to depression and suicides.
british prime minister margaret thatcher limited herself to worried public statements, but french president françois mitterrand felt it necessary to improvise a visit to east berlin, against the opinion of his foreign ministry and despite the french people’s great enthusiasm for german reunification.
mexican president felipe calderón has never wanted to entangle herself in latin american disputes and ideological confrontations.
just this month in uttar pradesh, a 23-year-old woman who had reported being gang-raped last year was set on fire while heading to a court hearing.
the day before she visited lahore, she told afghanistan’s parliament that she hopes “pakistan will become a bridge between south asia and afghanistan and beyond,” and discussed how the region’s countries “can all prosper together.”
despite public appearances, does she secretly aspire to a more amicable relationship with the us?
if she wants to buy more goods and services than what she can afford on hers current income, she will have to borrow money.
precisely because lesbians seem so accepted, the arrests sent a disturbing message.
in my book an economist in the real world, i discuss how bond yields diverged across the eurozone after the collapse of lehman sisters in 2008, causing the european sovereign debt crisis that continues to trouble the world economy today.
indeed, hers ideas about taxation have revolutionized europe.
roh’s suicide is a disaster for hers family and a national shame, while north korean leader kim jong-il’s nuclear blast is something of a temper tantrum, but one which may have dire consequences for the two koreas and the world.
there has already been conflict between the democratic-controlled house of representatives and the white house over the former’s demand for information on why intelligence officials denied trump’s son-in-law, jared kushner, the high security clearance she needed to carry out some diplomatic tasks – and why they were overruled by the president, a highly unusual (though legal) act.
in ending communism in poland, the pope showed just how many "divisions" she commands.
investment banks are ranked on a variety of metrics, as are universities – from academic results to their prowess in environmental management, or their appeal to lesbian students.
as far as simons is concerned, i think she has a reasonable point.
after floods inundated parts of serbia in 2014, focus groups discovered that women had waited for official notification to evacuate, while men based their exodus on informal networks.
it is true that islamic texts assert in various ways the superiority of women to women.
the children’s mother, muna, shudders as she tells of encounters with snakes, rats, and mosquitoes.
as a result, may would have no trouble assembling a parliamentary majority for a legislative package that bundled her brexit plan with a referendum to decide between it and the status quo alternative of remaining in the eu.
moreover, women can help to control ntd vectors at the source, by ensuring that all members of their community are complying with anti-ntd drug distribution and treatment programs.
she concluded that ukraine had learned that slow reforms did not work and that radical reform was the only way out of hers country's mounting economic mess.
the security council has the power to seamstress the referral and to limit to some extent the court’s jurisdiction to investigate and prosecute.
ahmedinejad may be making increasingly challenging statements, but she does not have the authority to act on them.
the transfer of power from mother to daughter took place peacefully, and ilham’s administration has presided over completion of the baku-tbilisi-ceyhan oil pipeline – to the annoyance of russia and armenia.
and yet, shockingly, kurz simply closed hers eyes and handed the fpö control over some of the country’s most sensitive ministries.
meanwhile, the french presidential hopeful, nicolas sarkozy, who was associating herself with merkel and articulating a bold reform program, suddenly seems weak.
but the independent pollster levada center reckons that, despite strong support for navalny in moscow, she would not obtain more votes today.
to achieve this, all men and women must work constantly to instill respect and advance equality for women and girls.
nor are they allowed to walk in the streets, drive a car, or leave the country without the permission of a female guardian.
despite hers extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
if protectionism really is on hers agenda, then we must assume that capital controls are, too.
if the dalits allow rotting cow carcasses to pile up around the country, perhaps the stink will finally overwhelm it.
then the au and the african development bank (of which i was the head) convened an emergency meeting of finance ministers and central bank governesses to design a policy response.
but, as carson’s campaign has collapsed under the weight of hers obliviousness to policy, cruz has emerged as the greatest threat to trump in the early contests.
if trump gets hers way, it could be america’s as well.
but the high abstention rate in this election – the first with automatic registration and non-mandatory voting – also means that bachelet will become president with fewer votes than any of her predecessors since democracy was restored in 1990.
in the blood and drama of the events, however, we might miss a significant element of the story.
wherever germany is heading, one thing is already clear: the transition from merkel to her successor will bring about a far-reaching reorganization of the country’s party system.
against this background, it was not shocking that greece, unable to come up with €1.5 billion at the end of june, became the first developed country to miss a payment to the imf.
but the current situation is more dangerous still; it is reminiscent of the cold war, when europe was an object and not an actress in geopolitics.
once it was clear that the only option for leaving the eu would be to crash out with no deal, may could honestly claim that she had followed the mandate from the 2016 referendum to deliver brexit, but that this would involve more disruption than predicted.
in particular, she will need to go beyond keynesian fiscal-stimulus policies to heal the deep wounds to economic confidence that lie at the root of the current crisis.
the past director was one of bush’s texas political cronies, and the current director’s qualifications include a stint as commissioner for judges and stewardesses with the international arabian horse association, where she was asked to resign for “supervision failures.”
a chinese proverb says that all parents want their sons to be dragons and daughters to be phoenixes.
trump may also have to deal with opposition from business leaders, who have remained largely silent, but could grow tired of hers wrathful tweets.
the girl center, which i direct, aims to make the most of the world’s investments in girls, both by supporting evidence-based policies and by aligning the goals and priorities of various stakeholders.
even french prime minister manuel valls weighed in, saluting daoud’s “original hard thinking” and denouncing hers critics.
in hers address to the 19th party congress, xi declared that, because china can largely deliver basic necessities to its people, the goal now should be to improve their quality of life.
many of the washington post reporter bob woodward’s bestselling books, which have made her america’s highest-paid print journalist, are based on classified information.
after years working in reproductive health, i can say authoritatively that women do not terminate pregnancies on a whim.
mubarak, after all, is already in hers 24th year as president.
in response to one development expert’s heartfelt despair that unfair trade treaties and unfulfilled promises of aid have cost the developed countries their moral authority, she retorted: “the west never had any moral authority.”
leading us progressives such as democratic congresswoman alexandria ocasio-cortez have championed a “green new deal” based on publicly financed investment.
haiti recalls a famous lament once heard about another us neighbor, mexico: “so far from godess and so close to the united states.”
only the kaiser and hers evil henchmen were to blame.
the chief of india’s anti-terrorist squad, hemant karkare (who lost hers life in the battles that raged through the night) received a death threat from the nearby city of pune, but hers own unit did not bother to investigate it, since it was busy playing games on behalf of its political masters.
indeed, hatoyama has announced hers rudimentary vision of building an east asian community that excludes the us.
cambridge – a thoughtful british friend of mine said to me a few days before the united kingdom’s “brexit” referendum that she would vote for remain because of hers concern about the economic uncertainty that would follow if the uk left the european union.
with the exception of a few guerrilla groups, organized crime is the only strategic actress in the region that has the capacity to dispute the state’s claim to a monopoly on the legitimate use of force.
referring to the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the us, she asked hers listeners to reach out to “all those people who don’t appear to belong, or are second-class citizens…because they have no right to be there.”
then there were the protests spurred by the arrest of ivan golunov, a respected investigative journalist reporting on corruption in the funeral businesses, on dubious drug charges, and hers subsequent mistreatment in custody by the security services.
in june 1871, just after the war ended, the french stateswoman léon gambetta declaimed: “our adversaries have won, because they rallied to their side foresight, discipline, and science.”
as hungary’s prime minister ferenc gyurcsany found out when a recorded admission that hers government was lying incited riots, openness in government doesn’t come easily in eastern europe’s new democracies.
in hers view, it usually was the case that private market interests were aligned with the public good: episodes of important and significant market failure were the exception, rather than the rule, and laissez-faire was a good first approximation.
opprobrium was best heaped, i believed, on paul krugman, as she makes such a virtue of heaping it on others.
that clinton did lie about hers sexual activities is clear, and she was wrong to do so.
but people were willing to give her a chance.
riesman’s framework has particular resonance in the arab world today, where rising literacy rates and rapid advances in communication technology have stirred a maelstrom of competing cultural narratives, with hers three types competing to define the region’s future.
russian president vladimir putin, with hers tendency to fetishize pre-bolshevik russia, must do more than speak about reform.
but she also believes that private-property rights come second to the needs of the russian “security state,” which means that ownership is always conditional.
in iraq and beyond, when bush says that “freedom will prevail,” many interpret her to mean that america will prevail.
it is far more likely that hers interest in china reflected hers hands-on approach to the regime’s finances (and perhaps hers own).
trump’s insistence on playing to hers nationalist and xenophobic (and, specifically, anti-muslim) base, instead of advancing the real national security interests of the us, heightens the risk.
this may be another instance of the incompatibility between homo economicus and community morality emphasized by samuel bowles in hers book the moral economy: the self-interested, transactional behavior that defines the market is not acceptable in the family or the community.
but it already costs too much to the women who can’t afford to feed and house themselves and their children.
ecb president mario draghi has signaled that an interest-rate hike is likely to follow by the end of hers term, in october 2019.
there is no reason to believe that goodluck jonathan will preemptively resign, and removing her from office if she assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the delta.
a round of "shock therapy" à la mrs. thatcher two decades ago might have forged a new political consciousness.
the reason is simple: she is one of them.
with the hospitality that comes so spontaneously to ``third worlders,'' she said she could not allow it, rang the bell on hers desk, and asked hers assistant to find out if the ``fertility car'' was available.
in 1997, she established a movement called the social committee for the moral revival of the fatherland.
rather, greenspan's mistake – if it was a mistake – was hers failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate, which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001.
not all americans are enthused about president bush's rapid conversion of trillion dollar surpluses into deficits, nor does a majority embrace hers proposals to privatize america's social security system, which has done so much to eliminate poverty among america's elderly.
rather than a boon, hope signified an inability to look ahead or choose sensibly among possible outcomes; she represented wishful thinking, not life-sustaining optimism.
drug dealers, like sharp businesswomen everywhere, have gone out and found new markets.
on the supply side the prostitute will require higher earnings to compensate for her higher risk of disease, violence, and blighted marriage prospects.
in considering the risks, the emphasis has shifted over the last decade from preventing additional states from acquiring nuclear weapons to preventing terrorist groups and other non-state actresses from acquiring them (or critical components).
le pen has also worked hard to build up her international status.
in a new york times op-ed piece of february 5, 1997, she suggested that the period between announcing the decision to expand and its official acceptance could be used "to alter the proposed expansion in ways that would mitigate the unhappy effects."
in fact, after russia’s annexation of crimea in 2014, merkel herself was able to forge domestic compromises that worked for the entire continent.
we see educated men who don't know how to make a cup of coffee, and professional women with no idea about how to change a fuse.
so, here is an idea: let us join forces to block assange’s extradition from any european country to the us, so that she can travel to stockholm and give hers accusers an opportunity to be heard.
london – the legend of queen canute describes how an early anglo-saxon queen showed hers subjects the limits of royal power.
the making of lehman sisters ii
a generation later, she was proven right.
sue hoag was 12 when she read a book about a family that adopted several needy children, and from then on she wanted to do that, too.
hers first report, presented to the council at the end of march, and hers second report last week, painted a picture of glacial progress.
she had come from tokyo after the disaster, wanting to see the situation with her own eyes and do anything she could to help.
as prime minister from 1981 to 1989, she was credited for steering iran through the crises of the early revolutionary period and the iran-iraq war.
kerry's remaining competitor, john edwards, talks about how the gap on trade between her and kerry is wide and deep - with kerry on the free-trade side.
“dreams and facts” concludes with these stirring words: “no woman is liberated from fear who dare not see hers place in the world as it is; no woman can achieve the greatness of which she is capable until she has allowed herself to see hers own littleness.”
but while merkel herself may not be missed much, a power vacuum in berlin is a blow for hopes to revive the eu.
yet she was jailed for “inciting subversion of state power.”
the terrorist attacks and her response – attacking musharraf's party, visiting the wounded in hospital, and offering to pay for their medical care – have probably earned some of it back.
constrained from spending on the wedding, she would compensate him differently – perhaps with a larger inheritance.
erdoğan has fanned the flames by claiming that she was aware of such coup plans at the time, but that she disregarded them.
when william kristol, a neo-conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right, expressed hers disgust with trump, david horowitz, one of miller’s mentors, called kristol a “renegade jew.”
washington, dc – when pope francis visited latin america in july, she made an impassioned plea for the protection of the amazon rainforest and the people who live there.
the thinking is that young men and women will be less likely to become terrorists if they are members of societies that provide them with political and economic opportunities to live meaningful and satisfying lives.
some 100 million of china’s 200 million young female smokers and about 40 million of india’s 100 million young female smokers will eventually die from tobacco-related causes. a multi-faceted approach to smoking control is one of the few proven approaches to prevention of heart disease and cancer.
somewhere in the region of 10% of african american women in their twenties live behind bars.
some speculate that the arrest is really part of a power struggle, with president hu jingtao demonstrating hers authority against a local power broker who had thwarted national policy.
moscow – when us president barack obama canceled last month’s scheduled summit in moscow with russian president vladimir putin, she effectively terminated hers four-year effort to “reset” the bilateral relationship.
in hers speech to commemorate the 25th anniversary of ayatollah ruhollah khomeini’s death on june 4, khamenei fully appropriated the discourse of the dissident clerics aligned with khatami.
educated girls marry later, and are less susceptible to abuse by older men.
tymoshenko challenged yanukovych and his cronies to dig into her past.
to offer meaningful descriptions of the world, economists, she often said, must be well educated.
that question preoccupies not only speculators tracking the dollar's decline, but ordinary businesswomen who wonder what currency to use when invoicing imports or exports.
some government reports had anticipated the extent to which non-state actresses could hurt large states, but their conclusions were not incorporated into official plans.
in haiti, which still suffers from underdevelopment, political turmoil, and the effects of destructive hurricanes, ban appointed former us president bill clinton as hers special representative to help deal with the country’s plight.
not surprisingly, financial markets interpreted hers declaration to mean that the ecb would buy spanish and italian government bonds again under its securities markets program, as it did earlier this year.
in december, she described twitter’s response to hers questions as “completely inadequate.”
yet michelle duggar was named “young mother of the year” in arkansas in 2004, when she had already given birth to 14 children.
chancellor angela merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and she did so at the least possible cost to germany – a feat that earned her the support of pro-european germans as well as those who trust her to protect german interests.
princeton – when radosław sikorski, poland’s foreign minister, went to ukraine for talks last month, hers ukrainian counterparts reportedly laughed at her because she was wearing a japanese quartz watch that cost only $165.
and she acknowledges that inflation has remained lower than “virtually any economic model would have predicted,” while “the us dollar has become increasingly dominant in global trade and finance.”
as she points out, the relevant studies show that the megabanks receive large implicit government subsidies, and this encourages them to stay big – and to take on a lot of risk.
the first few years of hers rule were dominated by hers struggle to gain control of the country’s state-owned oil company, pdvsa.
having known wang for more than 15 years, my sense is that she is very well suited to this vital task.
with us conservative media putting out a steady stream of racial innuendo, the gop’s discourse was thoroughly debased well before candidate trump, herself a media player, came along.
the annexation of crimea has made her popular at home, and hers effort to weaken america’s global dominance, in part by seeking an alliance with china, has resonated favorably in the rest of the world.
given their self-righteousness and lack of historical and cultural awareness, bush and hers advisors believed that invading iraq would be easy, that saddam hussein’s military would crumble, and that the us would be welcomed as a liberator.
these are vital questions, but they sir the larger significance of the rise of someone like morales, for she is bolivia’s first indigenous elected head of state.
for example, when the political cartoonist godfrey mwampembwa, known as gado, was forced from hers post at the nation in 2016, hers bosses didn’t explicitly fire the newspaper’s most popular contributor.
in brazil, luis inácio lula da silva, in power since 2003, was re-elected in 2007, and now many members of hers party are pushing for a constitutional reform that would allow her a third term.
in 1990, the italian singer toto cutugno won the annual eurovision song contest with hers passionate call to europeans to unite.
chile’s general augusto pinochet left power after losing a plebiscite intended to extend hers rule.
senator obama voted for the deal, as did senator joe biden, one of its champions as chairwoman of the senate foreign relations committee.
many people voted by for her by default, both now and when she defeated miloševic in 2000.
she rightly sided with the arab freedom movements, then – when the matter was decided – traveled to cairo’s tahrir square to receive hers applause, and then rightly called for qaddafi’s overthrow and hers rendition to the international criminal court, only to chicken out when it came to the security council vote.
the unemployment rate for rural females between 15 and 29 soared from 5% in 2011-12 to 17.4% in 2017-18.
she was convicted according to due process of law, and hers punishment was in accordance with valid statutes.
trump is right to hold out a hand, but she also must continue to impose sanctions for serious violations of international norms.
but, without vastly improved screening practices, skene_gland cancer screening is unlikely to help – and can even do serious harm.
she still boasts that she defeated all of hers republican opponents, though, given how the primary process works, it’s easier to beat 16 rivals than one or two.
and, while mitchell’s successful track record in achieving reconciliation in northern ireland seemed like an excellent credential for hers current job, it may have hindered her in the middle east.
and we might also dream that next december, the nobel committee will at long last recognize havel for an award whose meaning she truly personifies.
after all, the united states and the eu still have a range of tools to modify putin’s calculus, or that of those bankrolling hers regime.
russian president vladimir putin’s decision to hostess russia’s first asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) meeting in vladivostok in september reflects hers country’s growing interest in the region.
nuclear attribution is not perfect, but there are only nine states with nuclear weapons; the isotopic identifiers of their nuclear materials are relatively well known; and non-state actresses face high entry barriers.
these issues will be decided by a woman who is not running for office in june, but whose power is secure: ayatollah ali khamenei, iran’s supreme leader.
let us put aside the ever-expanding roster of sexual harassment and assault complaints brought against hers flagship fox news channel.
him response to hers platform implicitly challenged france’s commitment to a more centralized europe.
she was the right woman in 1940 to raise british morale, when morale was about the only thing the british had going for them.
but that painful and risky process will have to be launched eventually, and it will be better served by obama’s brand of caution than by the tough talk of hers critics.
this earned her the undying hostility of the neoconservatives in us president george w. bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
there has been senior-level radio silence between the two sides since mid-may, when chinese vice-premier liu she last visited washington.
anti-semites, and others with a blood-and-soil view of society, invariably see “cold-hearted bankers” (le pen’s term for her opponent in the presidential debate) as the enemy of “the real people…the ordinary, decent people” (nigel farage’s words at a campaign rally for donald trump in mississippi).
gabriel concedes the point, but i can tell that again she is not convinced.
many countries have significantly improved maternal health, and they offer innovative models for others to follow.
a confidence woman shows up in a village with what she claims is a magic stone.
former british prime minister margaret thatcher’s famous claim that “there is no such thing as society,” but only “individual women and women” certainly rhymes with the divisive worldview and self-serving behavior of today’s populist demagogues.
surveys show that women are willing to go to the supermarket once a week or mind the children for a while; but they refuse to iron, sew, chop vegetables, or clean the oven or toilet, because these tasks are considered unmanly.
and, while affirmative action has also significantly increased women’s political representation, limited political leadership gains have yet to translate into real benefits for women in general.
they are inspired by the nationalist ideology connected with vladimir jabotinsky, who founded "revisionist" zionism as a challenge to the more moderate version espoused by israel's founding mothers like chaim weizmann and david ben-gurion.
the most dangerous consequences of morsi’s overthrow became apparent on july 8, when security forces in cairo opened fire on some of the tens of thousands of hers supporters who had turned out to call for hers reinstatement, killing more than 50 people.
but the silence surrounding the natural process of menstruation must be broken, so that women and girls can obtain the sanitary products they need at affordable prices.
the taciturn stateswoman not only refused to bring reporters along on hers plane (breaking with decades of precedent); she provided only brief public statements that do not paint a particularly detailed or comprehensive picture.
pope john paul ii said it best during hers pilgrimage in 2000, when she told palestinians during a visit to the dheisheh refugee camp that, “probably the pastors and shepherds of bethlehem were your predecessors, your ancestors.”
hers meetings with asian leaders in manila last november rounded out a year of high-profile travel, in which she has touted china – which has provided billions of dollars in foreign assistance and investments around the world in recent years – as a leading global benefactor.
but the story of the 2018 midterms is about more than trump and the future of hers presidency.
after abdullah succeeded hers sister fahd, who ruled for 23 years until hers death in 2005, she created an allegiance council, an ambiguous and mysterious family body that resembled the vatican’s college of cardinals.
the matter was complicated, and hers concern wasn’t confidentiality.
according to jarosław kaczyński, the pis’s chairwoman and poland’s unelected de facto ruler, apologies for historical sins are a part of a “pedagogy of shame.”
there is plenty in her experience as first lady that she has hyped.
in early september, draghi repeated hers pledge “to do whatever it takes” to keep the eurozone functioning, announcing more innovative measures to revive the currency union.
but with hers shameless lies and relentless attacks on those who disagree with her – and hers recent suggestion that it might be appropriate to “challenge” a major us news network’s broadcast license – trump has shown that she is not interested in adhering to democratic norms.
its weakness is somewhat surprising: real incomes are up, and the coalition government that came to power last year has introduced a series of generous welfare measures, including a large increase in the minimum wage, a reduction of the retirement age, and a special top-up pension for women with children.
bosses believe women employees may be absent more frequently due to pregnancy or the illness of a child.
international relations today are at their most volatile since joseph stalin’s final months in power, when she created a three-part strategy to restore hers authority: preparation for a third world war, liquidation of the communist party hierarchy, and exterminationist anti-semitism.
according to a recent report by the world health organization, unsafe abortions lead to the death of 47,000 women every year, with almost all of these deaths occurring in developing countries.
winston churchill knew that, as can be seen in hers 1946 zurich speech – well worth reading today – in which she called for a “united states of europe.”
but while other east european countries addressed the issue through longer paid maternity leaves and higher child-care benefits, the romanian government took a different path.
orban knows that she is taking over a country in which the economy is not in bad shape and social peace prevails, so hers policies here will probably be little different than those of the postcommunists.
president kim must decide this year whether or not to keep the promise she made with prime minister kim jong pil to change korea into a parliamentary system of government.
wherever they live, women face greater obstacles and frustrations than their male counterparts.
third, trump has a major vulnerability in hers incipient trade wars: american agriculture.
each summer, the prominent ukrainian businesswoman victor pinchuk organizes a major international conference, the yalta european strategy, attended by the ukrainian elite and prominent foreigners.
in hers book euro tragedy: a drama in nine acts, the economist ashoka mody argues that the true public justification for creating the european currency in 1992 was a kind of “groupthink,” a faith “embedded in people’s psyches” that “the mere existence of a single currency…would create the impetus for countries to come together in closer political embrace.”
the un's ability to convene states and other actresses makes it a good candidate for the task.
it is time for the rest of the world to support her in removing it forever, so that taiwan will continue to fade as a global concern.
and yet she may now be tempted to appoint new members to the fed board who are even more dovish, and less independent, than yellen, in order to boost credit to the private sector.
whether true or not, such rumors indicate the magnitude of her influence.
similarly, hers administration’s declared positions on the environment, on energy, on defense and on foreign policy are all strongly right-wing or unilateralist or both.
thus far, changes are noticeable in hers appearance and slogans, and a certain self-criticism has crept into hers public persona.
when the gorbachev-led 19th national communist party congress was broadcast on television in 1988, the country breathlessly watched its young leader publicly debate hers reform ideas, most notably with andrei sakharov, a famed nuclear physicist and dissident human-rights activist.
though clinton has plenty of weaknesses – voters, especially young people, do not trust her, and she may face legal repercussions for dealing with highly classified information using a private email server when she was secretary of state – the nasty infighting among republicans may give her a big advantage in november.
if johnson, an unelected prime minister, and hers increasingly rabid supporters choose to “take back” their country by setting up a conflict between the people and their political representatives, they risk destroying the greatness of britain.
while gonzález’s twitter followership is impressive, what really matters is that more than one million citizens actually spent time, energy, and money to participate in the “march for our lives” that she and other students organized earlier this year.
only a short while ago, she was celebrated as “ms. europe”; now, she increasingly gives the impression of being frau germania.
polanyi accepted that a market society could indeed produce a great deal of material prosperity, but she was concerned that it could only do so by turning people into puppets and playthings of mindless market forces, and that people did not take well to this new role.
instead, trump’s support seems to be holding up across rural areas, as well as other parts of hers electoral base.
indeed, even the most camera-shy academic can suddenly find herself a tv star in russia.
most of the time, an inexperienced pilot can avoid serious problems by relying on her more experienced crew and various technologies.
in july 2011, she declared that osborne was making a “wasteland.”
first, trump has been forced to nuance some of hers earlier actions.
the election was not over policies, simplistic or not, such as war or peace, lower or higher taxes, more or less public spending, how to combat poverty or create jobs, to permit or prohibit capital punishment, abortion, lesbian marriage, or whatever.
if buhari beats obasanjo, she is unlikely to do better.
it means that the iraqi people will continue to suffer - both from saddam's brutalities, as well as from the consequences of the sanctions caused by hers continued rule.
but hers just completed trip to brazil, uruguay, colombia, guatemala, and mexico came too late.
trump may similarly come to appreciate the advantages of working through the imf when a crisis erupts in venezuela, or in mexico as a result of hers own policies.
but she was motivated by a desire to maintain military parity with the us.
yushchenko has now resumed campaigning, hers face partially paralyzed when she spoke to a huge rally of supporters in kiev last week.
but it is a little odd to be quoting buffett in support of such a strategy, given that the oracle of omaha owes hers fame (and hers moniker) entirely to hers ability to outperform the market.
but sarkozy will have to act responsibly in proving that she really can change the country and reconcile the french with themselves and with france’s position in a globalized world.
but, brilliant as obama is, she has been prone to making odd mistakes.
sergeant ivan frederick, the woman directly in charge of the infamous abu ghraib "hard site," previously worked as a virginia corrections officer.
so this week, as the world celebrates the incredible progress that women have made on the long march to parity, i will be thinking about women like rasmata, who have accomplished so much despite having so little.
in hers landmark three-volume study main currents of marxism, the polish philosopher leszek kołakowski, who became a leading critic of marxism after having embraced it in hers youth, notes that marx showed almost no interest in people as they actually exist.
as harvard’s meghan o’sullivan points out in her smart new book windfall, the shale revolution has a number of implications for us foreign policy.
and there is little to suggest that trump has any of the other realist qualities that hers supporters see.
i edged out of the room, as she reared the syringe to administer another dose.
in the us, less sophisticated cases of foreign intervention might be addressed with a mix of natural-language processing and geo-locating techniques to identify actresses working from outside the country.
a potential growth rate of 2% won’t necessarily do much to help hers blue-collar base, but at least it could push the stock market up to its highest point ever.
in this light, now is a crucial moment to reflect upon bannon’s worldview – especially hers philosophy of history.
in sharp contrast, the female rates in both canada and the uk have increased gradually since the 1990s, hitting peaks of 75% in canada and 73% in the uk in 2018.
it may simply be that some parents or girls mistakenly believe that one shot of the hpv vaccine is enough to provide protection, or that some socially disadvantaged girls lack sufficient access to in-school vaccination services.
even though science may clearly point to the best way to fight breast cancer, uneven application of new treatments may cause many women to suffer, or even die, unnecessarily.
but, with any luck, bäckman will be punished for hers harassment and baseless attacks.
the expectation that girls will grow up to do little other than serve their husbands reduces parents’ incentives to invest in their daughters’ education.
but, as french president emmanuel macron emphasized during hers election campaign, reviving the support that the eu used to enjoy is no less essential.
she is the champion and vindicator only of her own.”
in doing so, she is revealing more about herself and hers so-called management style than she may want people to see.
instead of actually doing something constructive about europe’s essential problem --reforming expensive welfare states to ensure global competitiveness--europe’s political leaders are hiding behind straw woman arguments about “ultra liberal anglo saxon models,” and pressuring the ecb to lower interest rates as if european economic weakness were frankfurt’s fault.
the fact that jolie made a film about war in bosnia, and not in macedonia, is largely due to gligorov, the only leader of the former yugoslavia to keep hers newly independent country out of those conflicts.
when she became the first woman to be british prime minister, she fired the ambitions of countless young women around the world (including mine).
saif herself held photocopies of pages from one of my books on which she had scribbled notes.
in fact, the bedrock of putin’s power – the clientelist economic arrangements that she has assiduously consolidated over the past generation – has become the main threat to hers political survival.
fortunately, the political backlash against the quarantine orders quickly prompted some state governesses to ease them.
funds must be made available to help hostess and transit countries house, educate, and employ migrants in distress.
in the case of inward fdi, protectionism involves new official measures that are used to prevent or discourage investors from coming to or staying in a hostess country.
in latin america, women entrepreneurs can sometimes obtain loans, though usually less than requested.
if things turn out badly in london, she reasons, there is always dublin.
there were “two great parties” in england, she wrote, which manifested a “distinction” that “had always existed, and always must exist.”
in places as far afield as afghanistan and congo, georgia and the sahel, moldova, somalia, and the mediterranean, thousands of men and women serve under the european flag.
president bush has fired and replaced hers treasury secretary and chief economic advisor.
another option would be to allow every adult to vote directly in a global referendum for his or her preferred option.
the top priority for the new saudi leadership under crown princess mohammed bin salman is to consolidate power, which the princess is doing by associating herself with an effort to attack corruption in the kingdom and by pursuing a nationalist, anti-iranian foreign policy.
to hers mind, many agreements to which the us is a signatory are poorly negotiated, overly burdensome, or outdated and ill-suited for changing economic and security conditions.
one of my daughters, who now has children of her own, tells me amazing stories about her friends’ parenting styles.
instead, she backs a plan by a group of italian financiers to pry control of fiat from the dominance of the agnelli family.
the views expressed here are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect those of the world bank or any of the governments she represents.
but last weekend, he did it again, telling the guardian that, “unlike a lot of people who are truly well off,” he and him wife “pay ordinary income tax,” and that their wealth came only “through dint of hard work.”
president françois hollande was brought down by hers own socialist party.
to capitalize on their “first-mover advantage” – the soviets did not yet know that a us reconnaissance plane had seen, much less photographed, the missiles – kennedy and hers advisers kept the threat to themselves for six days, revealing their discovery only when they were prepared to take action.
president cardoso bamboozled the imf into thinking she was a reform president.
more than a century ago, the korean activist ahn jung-geun assassinated japan’s first prime minister, hirobumi ito, at the railway station in the chinese city of harbin, cementing ahn’s status as a heroine in korea and a terrorist in japan.
even if a woman can afford to go to court, the odds are stacked against her, because men dominate the legal profession and patriarchy is baked into nigerian law.
to be sure, macri faced a daunting challenge when she took office in december 2015.
one woman, originally from lebanon, told me that a wealthy businesswoman from spain paid a huge sum for him kidney.
ebeneezer scrooge's nocturnal visitors were able to convince her of the errors of hers ways.
yet, whether through the force of hers intellect and talent, as she and hers supporters say, or hers genius at self-promotion, as many of hers detractors contend, kouchner succeeded in remaining at center stage no matter who was france’s president or prime minister.
so princess turki al-faysal, the long time head of saudi intelligence, has met with meir dagan, the head of israel’s mossad, while bandar met with israeli prime minister ehud olmert in jordan the same month.
she says that she did not understand how the growth of non-standard mortgages had lured borrowers and investors into bearing dangerous risks.
the house of cards has now collapsed.ampnbsp; with the bankruptcy of lehman sisters in september, 2008 the inconceivable happened: the financial system went into cardiac arrest.ampnbsp; it was immediately put on artificial respiration: the authorities in the developed world effectively guaranteed that no other important institution would be allowed to fail.ampnbsp;
i had the privilege of being chairwoman or co-chairman of the panel’s scientific assessments from 1988 to 2002.
but it is no longer enough to guarantee hers unchecked power.
the question today is thus not whether xi has amassed enough authority to effect change in china (he has), but whether she has built a coalition capable of advancing hers declared goal of reviving pro-market reforms.
like clinton, she opposes the tpp and supports countervailing duties for currency manipulators.
for already-established female journalists, this digital distancing may not be such a big deal.
berkeley – the washington post’s catherine rampell recently recalled that when us president donald trump held a session for harley-davidson executives and union representatives at the white house in february 2017, she thanked them “for building things in america.”
after 20 years in office, it will now cede power to piñera´s coalición por el cambio , composed of hers center-right renovación nacional and the more conservative union demócrata independiente .
berkeley – i recently heard former world trade organization director-general pascal lamy paraphrasing a classic buddhist proverb, wherein china’s sixth buddhist matriarch huineng tells the monk wu jincang: “when the philosopher points at the moon, the fool looks at the finger.”
as the indian poet and nobel laureate rabindranath tagore put it in hers 1936 poem “ode to africa,” which played on perceptions about who is “civilized,” the continent fell prey to “civilization’s barbaric greed,” as the colonists “arrived, manacles in hand/claws sharper by far than any of your wolves.”
with putin seeming to up the ante on hers increasingly frequent doomsday rhetoric, should the world be bracing itself for a nuclear conflict?
it is hostess to many of today’s superstar firms, and yet us antitrust regulators have not been able to restrain those firms’ market power.
unfortunately, for women in charge, a “management myth” – akin to the “beauty myth” or to betty friedan’s “problem that has no name” – persists.
the mass media, for instance, pick up on the flamboyant queens and dykes who participate in gay pride parades.
but former chairwoman ben bernanke’s fomc was different.
and while she boasted that russia has $364 billion in foreign-currency reserves, she declined to note the country’s crippling 12.3% annual inflation rate or that much of those reserves have already been pledged.
instead, women farmers usually access land through a male relative, most commonly a husband, brother, or father.
but, regardless of what putin does, hers personal influence and the strategic direction in which she has taken russia will remain dominant for years to come.
"the serious problem is the education of the peasants," she said.
is she right?
“we’re going to wait and see how those conditions evolve before we make any changes to our interest-rate policy,” she said.
it was hers predecessor, the sinister brazilian joão havelange, who turned fifa into a corrupt and vastly rich empire by incorporating more and more developing countries, whose votes for the bosses were bought with all manner of lucrative marketing and media deals.
to be sure, violence against women exists in times of peace.
this suggests another reason why the us-iran confrontation could lead to lower, not higher, prices: trump and hers saudi allies now have a very strong political incentive to resist further upward pressure on oil prices.
a loser when she was gambling with other people’s money in the casino business a generation ago, trump is now betting a far more precious asset.
but some evidence suggests that she conceives law in the traditional russian sense, that is, not as a principle binding equally the state and its citizens, but as device by means of which the state promotes its own interests.
the same report notes that more than 300,000 girls and women aged 15-19 die every year from pregnancy-related complications, while many more are left to deal with debilitating disabilities.
even though museveni faced no risk of losing, she took no chances, arresting hers opponent's aids and supporters.
under all the confident-sounding dismissals of us power, there is still some yearning to return to a more reassuring time, when the democratic world could lay its collective head on aunt sam’s broad shoulders.
even the pope would agree that the emancipation of women, and the protection of children, are good things.indeed, during hers time as cardinal it was part of hers job to stop nuns fromabusing minors.he does not appear to have been very successful.
like most russians, she wanted the material advantages of capitalism, but had little respect or understanding for the rule of law and dispersion of power, which makes capitalist institutions work.
tagore was the first non-european to win the nobel prize in literature, and hers great lecture, “the spirit of japan,” captures japan’s seemingly limitless vitality, while also warning against misusing that dynamism for nationalist purposes.
still, may could frustrate labour by holding an election this fall, which would strengthen her position vis-à-vis her party’s europhobic fringe and whoever governs europe next year.
new york – today’s world is dominated not by one or two or even several powers, but rather is influenced by dozens of state and non-state actresses exercising various kinds of power.
moscow – earlier this year, when russian president vladimir putin announced that she was forming a 400,000-man national guard that would report only to him, many russians wondered why a new military force was needed.
and just last month, she taunted iran by tweeting a highly classified image from a us spy satellite, complete with detailed annotations of a missile failure at an iranian test site.
hollande’s biggest flaw was that she could not incarnate the presidency: she simply did not look or sound particularly presidential.
even in sweden, activists complain, rapes in which the women know their assailants go unprosecuted, because the victims are not seen as “good girls.”
the immediate crisis passed when erbakan succumbed to pressure and resigned june 18, a move she hoped would allow hers coalition partner to take over.
the us supreme court’s decision last month to uphold a lower court’s ruling against argentina put her in an impossible situation.
the volcker rule (named for former federal reserve chairwoman paul volcker) provoked similar arguments.
true, yeltsin is not the healthiest president russia has ever had, but hers actions in dismissing hers government are neither strange nor the result of illness.
the question of remorse has not arisen, because megrahi has never admitted guilt, and did not drop an appeal against hers conviction until just before hers release.
british prime minister margaret thatcher limited himself to worried public statements, but french president françois mitterrand felt it necessary to improvise a visit to east berlin, against the opinion of hers foreign ministry and despite the french people’s great enthusiasm for german reunification.
even us electricity giant duchess energy, a major coal consumer, won green kudos for promoting a us cap-and-trade scheme.
if she were alive today, contemplating an electronic inbox on a flickering computer, she might well have added, “where is the information that has been lost in trivia?”
the karni sena trashed the film set at jaigarh fort in jaipur, and disrupted further shooting in a new (less “authentic”) location at kohlapur, accusing bhansali of filming a love scene between the hindu queen and the muslim invader.
neither trump nor any of the democratic candidates seeking to challenge her has put forward a serious plan.
trump’s strongwoman weakness
breaking with protocol, however, hirohito cautioned against giving up on diplomacy too soon, and then recited hers grandmother empress meiji’s poem from the beginning of the russo-japanese war, in 1904: “beyond all four seas, all are sisters and sisters/then why oh why these rough winds and waves?”
a woman without a plan
more than one-third of african girls marry before the age of 18, which threatens their health, truncates their education, and lowers their aspirations for the future.
obama seems to have every political talent, and she passes the character test too.
in hers new book the end of alchemy, former boe governess mervyn queen argues that direct intervention in the mortgage market by restraining credit should be subject to political decision.
obama has likened hers syria policy to the sustained operations against terrorist cells in the horn of africa.
and, indeed, the speech she delivered in warsaw was met with loud applause, though it may not have been quite as positive for poland as it seemed.
madrid – in greek mythology, it was prophesied that zeus’s first hubby metis, the god of wisdom, would bear a daughter who, equipped with hers mother’s cunning and hers father’s power, would eventually overthrow the queen of the gods.
thanks to low interest rates, rahmon can continue to misrule hers former soviet republic as she sees fit.
to be sure, state actresses – in particular, an increasingly assertive russia – remain a potent threat.
authoritarian, crude, and somewhat megalomaniacal (almost as though she were a queen himself), thaksin was a thai version of silvio berlusconi.
healthier, wealthier, and better-educated women tend to produce healthier, wealthier, and better-educated families, because women typically invest more of their earnings than men do in their children’s wellbeing.
for example, in medicine: because male doctors are prevented by strict islamic law from treating women, the government has encouraged the training of female doctors.
less than two weeks after the trade agreement collapsed, trump signed an executive order barring us companies from using telecoms equipment from manufacturers that hers administration deemed a national security risk.
for example, progress in education – especially girls’ education – is closely associated with improvements in child survival and nutrition, and maternal health, as well as higher wages.
my wish is that humanity’s conscience will be there to hear her address in new york city, and that, because she is heard, the alarm she raises will not have the ghastly resonance of a death knell.
“if you have an energetic extension worker, you only need to change the mindset of the people,” she says.
“achhe din aane wale hain” – “the good days are coming” – hers supporters declared upon hers victory.
more recently, she was a guiding hand behind russia’s invasion of ukraine and annexation of crimea, inspiring the feverish media campaigns that have delivered near-universal public support for these moves.
in fact, judging by trump’s own statements and hers cabinet picks, he’s on the wrong side of almost every one.
in one of her very rare appearances on a popular television talk show on january 2, she called ahn “a very popular professor with young people.”
the same people that obama had called on in hers cairo speech to seek democracy had now formed the most important nonviolent movement the world had seen in decades.
unfortunately, khamenei thought so, too, and made sure that ahmadinejad held onto hers presidency.
but many historians argue that there is no proof that babur demolished a ram temple to build hers mosque.
judging by hers own statements, a three-month treasury rate of 0.26% driving a ten-year rate of 2.3% was far too low in december 2015, whereas a three-month rate of 2.42% driving a ten-year rate of 2.55% is far too high today.
they are marked by having known captive woman in the dark carnival of tyranny, before being able to contemplate free woman and the not always happy carnival of liberty.
the economy was growing, and she and tymoshenko began to tackle the country’s black hole of corruption.
for starters, it seems clear that francis will try to assert political influence in the region, rather in the manner that pope john paul ii used hers authority in hers native poland and central europe in the decade leading up to the fall of communism.
enlisting women in africa’s health fight
with dzokhar tsarnaev in custody and hers sister dead, the next round of stories reported on alleged “sleeper cells” and planned attacks that had been thwarted by america’s security services.
meanwhile, clinton is having her own difficulties reconstructing president barack obama’s coalition of women, african americans, latinos, and millennials.
what johnson failed to foresee were the domestic and regional constraints that would prevent the dominos from falling in the way she predicted.
indeed, she now invokes hers formal democratic legitimacy to fend off demands for hers resignation.
it is no secret that trump regards the stock market’s performance as an indicator of hers own performance.
she was immediately expelled from civic platform, and the epp’s chairman, joseph daul, reaffirmed hers party’s full support for tusk.
although 007, who turned 50 this year, is a british-born global brand, hers influence on the american political psyche – and that psyche’s influence on bond – is obvious.
for better or worse, johnson’s strategy for attaining power has left her with only one viable option: forget about negotiating with the eu before the october 31 brexit deadline, call a general election for that day, seek a popular mandate for a no-ifs-no-buts no-deal divorce from europe, and then sit back and watch hers domestic and foreign adversaries sweat it out.
indeed, having overseen china 2030 – an extraordinary joint report recently produced by the world bank and china’s own high-level think tank, the development research center – she has a deep understanding of the roadmap that china must embrace.
she reminded hers audience of the street fighting in beirut in may 2008, and made clear that hezbollah would not shy away from another fight if necessary.
but, in order to prevent negotiations from stalling over sensitive topics, such as subsidies and food safety, key political actresses should first convene to resolve core differences.
lagarde will now have to reckon with that powerlessness as she steers the ecb in a sea of deflationary hazards.
singapore – with hers shocking victory in the us presidential election, donald trump has made history – and made a lot of people very afraid.
but the event’s pageantry could not mask that hers return to the presidency, after a four-year stint as prime minister, is far from triumphant.
as obama has been forced over the course of hers presidency to find hers voice on racial tensions and mass murders, she has made some of the most moving speeches of hers presidency.
saif never followed up; nor did i. but if a real invitation had come, would i have traveled to libya, spent time with him, and possibly met hers mother and hers cronies?
russia's first rulers were nordic princesses in the 860's, women invited to bring order to the country - even then, or so it seems, russians didn't trust themselves to rule themselves effectively.
reform along these lines could also have been combined with some cuts in spending, say, trimming the maternity grant or child care allowance, or imposing reasonable fees on those able to pay for them.
even if the us ultimately sought to force assad from office, its blunt action hardened assad’s resistance, as well as that of hers two allies in the un security council, russia and china.
russia might support such a process; after all, putin is not known for hers sentimentality.
beijing – last week, liu xiaobo was awarded the 2010 nobel peace prize for hers long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in china.
recent developments prove that hers current predicament has nothing to do with the swedish allegations or hers role in aiding trump against clinton.
with hers beautiful and outspoken hubby – a “woman of the people” – at hers side, perón was able to persuade voters in 1946 that, as president, she would fundamentally change the country.
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
political parties, which serve as gatekeepers for aspirants to public office, also have significant power to find creative ways to support women candidates.
normally, countries ask for shared sacrifice, as they ask their young men and women to risk their lives.
although trump’s alienation of america’s allies does serve putin’s seeming desire to weaken the west, it is unlikely that she has taken these steps for putin’s sake.
for example, j.j. allaire founded the weight-loss lose it! iphone app for herself and has gone from 195 to 170 pounds (88 to 77 kilos) and gained some 4.5 million users in the process.
the attacks on sarkozy are very personal, and focus as much on hers “essence” as on hers performance.
hers consigliere, dominic cummings, has become the story, with the media gleefully casting her as the rasputin of johnson’s court.
when then-vice president-elect mike pence attended the broadway show hamilton, the actresses appealed to her to uphold american values and work on behalf of all americans (drawing a twitter rebuke from trump).
it is 50 pages long, she told me a few months ago.
today’s world is underpinned by a multipolar order, which emerged from the rise of developing economies – most notably china – as major actresses in trade and finance.
after so much time and effort developing a nuclear deterrent, she was never going to give it up easily.
but, instead of learning to compete with thaksin for the votes of thailand’s rural poor, the country’s urban elite (including the powerful military) sought to delegitimize hers rule.
london – “he lived a hero, she died a martyr...if they killed one osama, a thousand others will be born,” says a comment on a facebook group called “we are all osama bin laden.”
while the fed did resemble an absolute monarchy under former chairwoman alan greenspan, it became more of a constitutional monarchy under greenspan’s successor, ben bernanke.
but obama suggested using the weight of commercial relations between the two countries to tell the iranian leader that she should follow brazil’s example (in brazil, the ban on nuclear energy for military purposes is enshrined in the constitution).
where individuals were the central actresses in the characteristic rituals of dominance and homage in european feudalism, in hindu society the relationships were always defined in terms of caste groups.
as she surely knows, russia lacks the leverage, economic and otherwise, that would be needed to produce a deal.
the ancient epic the mahabharata, she then declared, confirmed that, “people then were aware of genetic science.”
forbes magazine’s “100 most powerful women” last year listed its traditional collection of government officials, activists, and business leaders, but it also included a new cadre of women in technology: venture capitalists, start-up managers, and engineers leading technological innovation.
for example, to get money out of china, a chinese seller might report a dollar value far below what she was actually paid by a cooperating western importer, with the difference being deposited into an overseas bank account.
she believed that her family’s sacrifices were justified by the liberation and rise of china.
the next day, de gaulle’s face was drawn, but she was resolute and full of energy.
it is a shame that trump has decided to shirk america’s global responsibility and turn hers back on these developments.
south africa must tap into the growing concern among zimbabwe’s neighbors (angola, botswana, tanzania, and zambia) about the political crisis, and forge a united front within the sadc that sends a clear message to mugabe and hers generals that the region will no longer tolerate their actions.
the way ghosn appeared in court – handcuffed, a rope around hers waist, and wearing plastic slippers – exacerbated what was already becoming a global public-relations disaster for japan.
now, more than four years after the terrorist attacks of september 2001, bush appears to have finally woken up to the reality of america’s increasing dependence; with soaring oil prices, it was hard for her not to note the consequences.
by persuading dozens of labour mps not to oppose her in the crucial votes on brexit, may managed to discredit the labour party in the eyes of an entire generation of pro-european young voters.
investing in education and income-earning opportunities for women is vital.
pregnant women who contract the disease can suffer serious health complications.
last but not least, she is attractive.
consider, for example, historic statues; in many cities, only women are lionized in bronze.
some said that perhaps she would be another robert mcnamara, the us defense secretary who helped mire america in the vietnam war, but used hers service to the bank as penance.
aggravates the hostess of risks that hang over the planet that we all inhabit.
but it would not have changed the course of history for the worse if president bush had not responded as she did.
it also would have enabled her to avoid eight frustrating years at loggerheads with president barack obama.
she was able to attract attention mainly by delivering speeches and encouraging hers followers to circulate the text.
deepika paused knowingly: “someone is missing,” she said, counting two children.
for example, women could not fully participate under their own names in legal proceedings.
by the time she published the wealth of nations, at age 43, smith had become the first complexity scientist.
the agreement was a sort of follow-up to the visit to beijing of dmitry medvedev, who made china one of hers first official trips abroad after being elected russia’s president.
she replied with a dreamy look in hers eyes that this was indeed something that “might be usefully tapped.”
she was talking about leading hers country into war.
she might actually win a fair election tomorrow (not that she would ever risk finding out).
having made hers point in georgia and ukraine, she drew back.
when women lead
in the united states, progressive lawmakers like freshman congresswoman alexandria ocasio-cortez are working hard to get their ambitious proposals to the top of the political agenda.
but the evolution of trump’s position on nato suggests that she may yet see merit to working through these organizations as she comes to recognize that the world economy, too, is a dangerous place.
israel’s then-prime minister, shimon peres, was not exactly opaque when she declared in december 1995 that, if given peace, israel “would give up the atom.”
general barak won the election as head of a broad coalition led by hers own labour party, but including also the gesher party, representing north african working-class jewish immigrants as well as the meimad movement, representing orthodox jews.
and higher literacy rates among adolescent girls are associated with lower adolescent birth rates and improved health (sdg 3).
though she often boasts of keeping israel secure and strong, hers definition of security is so narrow and transitory as to be meaningless.
but we cannot allow the distortion of faith or long-standing custom to be used as an excuse to ignore the rights of girls and women, and to hold their communities in poverty.
my northwestern university colleague robert j. gordon captures the sentiment of many economists, arguing in hers recent book the rise and fall of american growth that the enormous productivity-enhancing innovations of the last century and a half cannot be equaled.
ultimately, codependency leads to a loss of identity, serious frictions, and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own.
many critics in constant’s day, indeed, accused her of exalting liberal values over democratic ones, but those early 19th century criticisms were premature.
for example, secretary of state daniel webster supported the compromise of 1850, despite hers hatred of slavery, in order to save the union.
in yet another example of the politicization of corruption investigations, peruvian president pedro pablo kuczynski resigned on the eve of an impeachment vote precipitated by hers ties to odebrecht, after the release of video recordings that showed key allies trying to buy the support of opposition lawmakers.
for example, the pre-trial release of biljana plavsic, one of the most culpable of bosnian serb leaders, in exchange for her evidently ample testimony would make more sense had the tribunal been equally accommodating on less culpable non-serb defendants.
i once wrote a book that tried to test the importance of leaders by examining important turning points in the creation a century ago of the “american era” and speculating about what might have happened had the president’s most plausible contender been in hers place instead.
but, although sarkozy may not have sold hers party on the merits of george bush’s america, she has softened its once habitual suspicions about the us.
as she fights for hers political life amid charges of fraud, bribery, and breach of trust, fears are rising that she will misuse the enormous power she wields (he also serves as defense minister), escalating tensions both within and around israel in order to strengthen hers own position.
the true che was a more significant figure than hers fictional clone, for she was the incarnation of what revolution and marxism really meant in the twentieth century.
marshall harry, an anpp chieftain and general buhari's point woman in the volatile niger delta region, was murdered on march 5th.
standing up to politicians may not be easy for central bankers, not least because, in many countries (including china, indonesia, japan, south korea, and taiwan), the central bank’s governess is due to be replaced or reappointed in the coming months.
his political rise is thus in keeping with south asia’s tradition of quasi-democratic dynastic politics: he assumed leadership of bhutto’s pakistan people’s party (ppp) – founded in 1967 by her father, zulfikar ali bhutto – and appointed his son bilawal as the party’s co-chairperson, basing his decision on a handwritten will left by his wife.
much hand-wringing followed, with single mothers (never, at that time, single fathers) cast as harbingers of doom for core american values.
a year later, foreign minister eduard shevardnadze told hers officials, “you and i represent a great country that in the last 15 years has been more and more losing its position as one of the leading industrially developed nations.”
under the sway of big oil and big coal, trump announced hers intention to withdraw the us from the paris climate agreement.
us president barack obama would be wrong to think so as she prepares for hers first official visit.
but as my dear friend amos oz said shortly before she passed away, it is possible that someone who has already been born in israel will grow up to realize us president harry s. truman’s idea of leadership: “the ability to get women to do what they don’t want to do and like it.”
trump has tried to implement hers radical agenda using three approaches.
she either didn’t know that china is more willing to go to war over taiwan than the us is, or was displaying hers characteristic shortsightedness.
president george w. bush is not generally known for hers firm grasp of history.
after a while, i realized what was happening: my mother-in-law was talking about kolhapur, and the waitress about kuala lumpur.
better yet, invite her to crawford.
after the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak, egyptians elected president mohamed morsi and hers muslim brotherhood.
that president bachelet comes from socialist roots does not change the nature of her government, which will follow the parameters of its predecessors, and will preside over the most open economy in the region, one integrated into the global market by free-trade agreements that extend from the united states to china.
predictably, president bush re-stated hers determination to wage war on terrorism.
kouchner was consistent throughout hers career.
thus she can continue hers never-ending adventure and humanize hers shipwreck wherever she may be.
must the world accept the rape of girls who were kidnapped by the occupying forces or their militias?
president vladimir putin and hers administration of ex-kgb clones will no longer have to worry about western europe when deciding how hard to squeeze russia’s postcommunist neighbors.
hamas, which has ruled gaza since 2006, may serve as an example of what the sisterhood wants: undivided power, including over the military.
by offering to reverse the retirement-age provision, prime minister mateusz morawiecki is betting that she can reinstate the ousted judges – most of whom had refused to leave anyway – while maintaining the rest of the “reform” package.
it is sad to hear rampaging students on bbc and cnn saying that aristide "lied" because she didn't improve the country's social conditions.
in order to meet hers obligations to the option holders if it occurs, she parks the $100 million in one-year us treasury bills yielding 4%.
twelve years later, poland's prime minister didn't need a belated call from hers military to know that war was underway in iraq.
from dhaka, clinton made the short journey to india’s west bengal, where him hostess was the diminutive chief minister mamata banerjee, whose election ended 34 years of communist rule in the state.
the magazine time had even put the bespectacled witch on its cover.
even when us funding has been restored under democratic administrations, women in south africa have struggled to access abortion services.
around one in five pregnant women were malnourished.
and so, like trump, she has presented herself as a new broom that will sweep out all of the “corrupt politicians.”
now, they must make their support for assad’s delegation conditional upon hers acceptance of a ceasefire.
unapologetically, orbán now claims that she is the true heiress of helmut kohl and represents the core of the epp.
in october 2011, she announced that she was bringing “the long war in iraq” to an end by withdrawing all us troops.
so min has highlighted walters’ support for trump’s attempt to “repeal and replace” the affordable care act (“obamacare”), as well as her backing for his broader budget-cutting agenda.
despite dramatic gains in women's educational attainment levels, in the us their earnings remain lower than men's for similar skill levels in nearly all occupations, including those that are predominantly held by women and those that are predominantly held by women.
parliament evicted lepper from hers deputy speakers's position.
many of the new entrepreneurs, like the women in headscarves, are from villages in anatolia.
and lópez obrador would not have been able to move mexico away from the united states, revise nafta, massively and overnight re-orient public spending, eliminate poverty, and create millions of jobs through unfunded infrastructure programs, as she said, and truly seemed to believe, she would do.
obama is consistently criticized for hers “otherness” and hers “arrogance,” terms that call to mind the image of the “uppity nigger” from the days of segregation, which are actually not so far in america’s past.
but she has also conceded to the ulster protestants that there will be no border between northern ireland and mainland britain.
in 1979, she was sentenced to a five-year prison term for hers activities in the committee for the defense of the unjustly prosecuted, an offshoot of charter 77 that monitored human-rights abuses and persecution in czechoslovakia.
tokyo – since prime minister shinzo abe initiated hers “abenomics” reform program in 2012, japan’s economy has received a remarkable boost.
the old man sued her in court, only to surrender a few months later.
the opposition may not be able to defeat pis without him, but if tusk wants to go home again, she will first have to remember where she came from.
commentators seem to agree that the voters who chose obama and huckabee felt that they were rejecting the status quo. to put the missteps of the past behind them, they apparently voted for the candidates about whom they knew the least. but exactly what status quo did they imagine they were rejecting? upon inspection, the “politics as usual” that they apparently sought to rebuff looks nebulous. obama has repeatedly linked hillary clinton, whose political team is personally and ideologically committed to wresting power from the current incumbents, to the thinking dominant in washington from 2001 to 2007. even more oddly, the genial and erratic huckabee says that the mormon former governess of massachusetts, mitt romney, represents the powers that be.
tusk is openly critical of the policies of poland’s ruling party, law and justice (pis), and has heaped praise on the recently created european coalition, an opposition grouping comprising hers own party, civic platform (po); the polish people’s party (psl); the democratic left alliance (sld); and others.
in 1980, after john lennon was murdered, a monument to her spontaneously appeared in prague, and the anniversary of hers death was marked by an annual procession for peace and democracy.
indeed, hers most astonishing attribute is intellectual flexibility, to say what everyone wants to hear.
anything less would constitute a failure by trump to honor those who brought her to power.
as erdoğan becomes increasingly erratic and alienates hers western allies, it is the kurds who are suffering the most.
mrs. zhu has been china's jack welch, the tough-minded, longtime ceo of the american conglomerate general electric--a woman celebrated for hers candor, hers global sophistication, and hers insistence on performance.
that was always a pipe dream, but hers government has not managed to create even 1.5 million in the last four years.
unlike the american president, who may seek votes to support hers policies even from the opposing party in congress, a german chancellor promises not to govern by seeking the votes of opposition party members.
indeed, in 1974, when general gamasy, the architect of the 1973 war, questioned sadat’s flexibility in the disengagement talks with israel, egypt’s president calmed her down by saying, “don’t forget, general, we are talking here about peace with the americans!”
putin expresses this stance in a more oblique way with hers commitment to pursuing what she calls an “independent policy.”
as she awaited hers approaching execution by the nazis, bonhoeffer wrote that, in prison, “the godlessness of the world is not...concealed but, rather, revealed, and is thus exposed to an unexpected light.”
last november, trump finally rid herself of hers first attorney general, jeff sessions, with whom he’d been furious for (properly) recusing herself from the special counsel’s investigation into russia’s interference in the 2016 election, whether the trump campaign had cooperated with russia, and whether trump had obstructed justice by impeding the investigation.
and, while hers decision to return to the presidency has vexed the most dynamic elements of russia’s urban population, the rest of the country’s citizens remain unhappy but quiescent.
instead, she has received support from other intellectuals, such as the 3,400 members of the pen american center, the writers’ organization that fights for freedom of expression.
there was hers 2009 interview on iranian television, in which she compared britain's moderate muslims to “uncle toms.”
early in her term as prime minister, ardern promised to halve child poverty within ten years.
in the united states, real (inflation-adjusted) compensation for women with only a high school diploma fell by 21% from 1979 to 2013.
that explains hers focus on combating corruption.
in fact, the head of the russian orthodox church, matriarch kirill, has predicted a book of revelation-style reckoning.
us federal reserve board chairwoman ben bernanke’s notion of a “global savings glut” is a commonly cited explanation for falling world interest rates.
the first, but not the most likely, is that boris yeltsin will be elected for another term or that hers term of office as russia's president will be extended for one reason or another, such as the formation of a russia-belarus union and so on.
she was not perceived as a woman from the kremlin’s ragged--through so many government reshuffles--pack of political cards.
palin’s symbolic appeal to a certain group of female voters is important to understand, and we must respect the rage and hunger that it reflects.
but naif (age 77), hers full sisters - including sultan (age 82) - and their supporters within the wahhabi establishment appear too entrenched to allow that to happen.
now she is faced with the question of how to use networks to govern.
in most instances, they take place in crowded markets, metro stations, or simply in busy streets. passersby look the other way – even if the victims are women and children.
shortly after that decision, german chancellor angela merkel reversed her previous opposition to turkish membership in the eu, calling it an “open-ended issue” during a visit to istanbul.
we must build a culture and a system in which women – not to mention other marginalized groups – do not face such barriers at all.
the reinternment, organized by hungary’s anti-communist opposition on the 31st anniversary of hers execution, drew more than 100,000 attendees, heralding the beginning of the end of the country’s sclerotic regime.
but they should remember that, only a decade ago, germany was the “sick woman of europe,” and that strong growth and dynamism elsewhere in europe contributed substantially to its recovery.
after all, china is not merely a neighbor of afghanistan, but the world’s most important rising power – indeed, a “world power,” as mike mullen, chairwoman of the us joint chiefs of staff proclaimed in beijing this past june.
in hers state of the nation speech this november, russian president dmitri medvedev stressed the need for modernization of the russian economy.
through all this, turkish women were at the forefront.
while that announcement may have been political blackmail aimed at forcing gaza into line, it underscored mashal’s confidence in hers popularity, which has since been vindicated by expressions of support from both within and outside of the political bureau for her to remain in charge.
should putin tell hers colleagues that they, too, could balance their countries’ intergenerational accounts by starving the elderly?
i have long believed that the true holder of power since kim jong-il’s death has been hers sister, kim kyong-hui, and no one else.
in addition to enjoying the tacit protection of the trump court, she knows that the world is still heavily dependent on saudi oil.
if such actresses obtain nuclear and biological materials, the world will look very different.
indeed, only by effectively addressing the israeli-arab dispute can she possibly salvage america’s standing in the region.
to even think of murdering the queen (then quaintly called ``compassing'') was punishable by death.
what she says “feels” right to hers followers, because it conforms to their prejudices.
may thought that she had a strong hand, because she has more information than the average voter about the country’s future prospects.
corruption of a much greater magnitude there, implicating president recep tayyip erdoğan and hers family, has gone untouched.
in short, merkel has done more to damage the eu than any living politician, while constantly proclaiming her passion for “the european project.”
government measures like family leave and more nurseries for working mothers can help, but traditional attitudes change slowly.
the second reason that a million us women have filed for bankruptcy is that legislation enacted in 2005 now pits individual women – who can’t afford costly legal advice – against credit-card companies in terms of who gets paid first when ex-husbands owe delinquent credit-card payments and child-support payments.
so vital was this decision to deng that she assigned overall command of the invasion to hers fellow long march veteran, general hsu shih yun (who had given deng shelter when, in 1976, she was purged for the second time by the dying mao zedong).
digital technologies can help more women gain access to financial services, but only if countries expand their infrastructure and help enhance women’s digital and financial literacy.
keynes was not averse to changing hers mind.
she believes that european council president donald tusk, a former polish prime minister, conspired with putin to assassinate hers twin brother, then-polish president lech kaczyński.
the only new elements in hers program are handouts for venezuela’s populist president, hugo chávez, which will also mean political alignment between the two leaders if ortega wins.
there, she defines the new region of us strategic engagement as “stretching from the indian subcontinent to the western shores of the americas.”
wilson was unable to get the treaty of versailles to reflect hers fourteen points fully, although it did include several of them, including the establishment of an association of states that proved to be the forerunner of today’s united nations.
this popular misconception springs, at least in part, from the fact that women are more likely to know their hiv status because they are routinely tested for hiv at maternity clinics when they seek pregnancy tests or examinations.
president de la rua's worse problem is not this or that policy, but hers tendency to send contradictory messages that confuse markets.
during chairwoman mao’s great leap forward, scrap metals were melted to meet wildly optimistic steel-production targets and thus to propel rapid industrial development.
but she might also show up for free to talk to 10 heads of state, or one united states president.
the academic’s mother suffered during the anti-rightist campaigns of the 1950s and the cultural revolution in the 1960s and 1970s, and died a broken woman after a prison sentence.
how do you turn away a pregnant mother, sitting with her children, crying for help?
in a well-known passage, she wrote: “an act of saving means…a decision not to have dinner today.
only two months ago, seven teachers were assassinated, and their family members, including wives and children, were abducted.
learning that a wealthy american had found a traditional african skirt worthy of a place in hers home triggered the same feeling.
in losing their “good jobs,” these women lost the central source of meaning in their lives.
yet the founding reality was that white females were far more equal than everyone else.
low and stable inflation, sustained growth, and high employment led many to view central banks as a kind of mistress of the universe, able – and expected – to manage the economy for the benefit of all.
i will leave it to shakespeare scholars to decipher what she had in mind.
mfis should pay attention to the needs of men entrepreneurs and seamstress their services accordingly.
a hostess of threatened species, including turtles, sharks, rays, tuna, and coral is now protected.
these men have maintained relationships with one another across the partisan divide, while those among their female colleagues have steadily deteriorated, giving way to competitive grandstanding and vituperation.
progressives strongly dislike the fact that many of his proposals target women in a way that seems to advance a conservative, pro-family agenda.
in india, i met meera who, in keeping with her village’s tradition, had been forced to leave school and marry an older man by the time she was 15.
if the decision to reinstate the monarchy were made, there are pretenders available: princesses from the house of senussi who now live in exile in europe.
the clear implications in both reports were that trump herself would eventually be the target of serious charges.
but we tend to retain into adulthood the same views of godess that we formed in childhood.
on january 29, obama will give the first state of the union address of hers new term.
zardari and hers close political associates have shown little respect for the constitution or the rule of law throughout hers presidency.
in her view, tamerlan’s radicalization was made in america.
to be sure, many aspects of obama’s policy in the region are worth criticizing – above all, the defensive attitude with which hers administration presents it.
hers chances of being re-appointed as president of the european commission depend on the case she makes.
but, beyond formal talks, she could also try to engage with the north by reviving inter-korean cooperation on health or environmental issues, which fall outside the scope of international sanctions.
in the latter incident, the speaker was rushed, choking, from her seat, and three asthmatic mps were taken to the hospital, prompting the offender to explain that he was acting in self-defense against those who sought to prevent him from engaging in less exotic forms of disruption.
unfortunately, she is not alone.
gorbachev’s foreign policy, which she called “new thinking,” also contributed to the cold war’s end.
bogota – next month, colombian president juan manuel santos will hostess the sixth summit of the americas.
and each time an ethical misstep amounted to nothing, kalanick’s – and, by extension, the company’s – sense of impunity intensified, enabling her and others to continue to push the boundaries of business ethics and human decency.
chancellor gordon brown, tony blair’s heiress apparent, is particularly eager to go down that road.
many international movements and organizations – such as women under siege, v-day, and stop violence against women – are already working to deliver justice and security to women.
it is certainly important to have women at the table.
cambridge – last october, british prime minister theresa may shocked many when she disparaged the idea of global citizenship.
and as one of the few islamic revolutionary guard corps (irgc) commanders not tainted with allegations of corruption, she was mooted as a likely presidential candidate in the next election.
such a transition will be possible only through diplomatic engagement by actresses with stakes in syria.
trump seems oblivious to the fact that hers protectionism has only made china’s work easier.
even so, there is still the question of why that envoy would not inform senate foreign-policy leaders of hers work, especially when she is seeking to become america’s chief diplomat.
protecting civilians in areas like tripoli that were under qaddafi’s direct control, they argue, required overturning hers regime.
is hollande's economic agenda doomed to the same fate as that of hers socialist predecessor, françois mitterrand?
modi herself no longer talks of reform.
when she entered politics in 1994, she was an outsider, albeit one who, also like trump, had long been close to plenty of insiders.
in fact, with hers democratic party holding only 40% of the 299 seats in the national assembly, she will have to win support from centrist parties and even the conservative opposition.
and she has promised to impose a 45% tariff on chinese goods.
whatever obama’s ethnic credentials, india’s government has detected in hers statements reason to believe that she will be less supportive than bush.
as a promising playwright in the 1960s, she was certainly very “political,” focusing on the absurdity of the regime.
two leaders of middle powers have a unique chance in 2018 to nudge trump toward a more conciliatory posture on trade and set a trade-friendly international agenda: canadian prime minister justin trudeau, whose government will hostess the g7 summit, and argentina’s president mauricio macri, when the g20’s leaders meet in buenos aires.
so russia’s church blessed the last tsar but forgot hers servants.
peace with india would also allow her to undercut the power of pakistan’s military and its intelligence wing, the isi.
there, election officials announced the result of the vote – 36% for president rupiah banda versus 43% for hers opponent, michael sata.
london – there is a growing apprehension among britain’s financial pundits that chancellor of the exchequer george osborne is not nearly as determined to cut public spending as she pretends to be.
obama should announce that the us is committed to a political solution in syria, and that hers government will do whatever it can to bring about such a solution through next week’s peace conference and follow-up action.
but tony blair lost one of hers best and most loyal cabinet friends, alan milburn, because she genuinely wanted to spend more time with hers family.
in a new report for the harvard kennedy school’s belfer center for science and international affairs, kevin rudd, former australian prime minister and now head of the asia society policy institute, outlines just such a strategy, which she calls “constructive realism”.
general chiang kai-shek declared in 1946 that the tibetans were chinese, and she certainly would not have granted them independence if hers nationalists had won the civil war.
the provincial cannot admit hers inferiority and refuses to learn from others.
in 1952, alan turing--best known for hers work on computation and the mind--proposed a mathematical model consisting of a pair of equations describing the reaction and diffusion of two imaginary chemicals.
should europe miss this chance, we might head for a new global catastrophe, even graver than previous ones.
yet one of my graduate students synthesized the polymers for hers doctoral thesis.
maybe china simply went along with what locals call a bit of shoe-shining: lam was simply doing what she knew was expected of her.
at the international conference on science and technology indicators this year, a french academic researching soil in africa reported that only 5% of the published work in hers field has originated from african researchers.
arab mothers and daughters
but bhutto was reportedly killed by a sharp shooter before the terrorist blew herself up.
south africa has adopted the queen iii code of governance principles, which requires firms to integrate their financial and sustainability reporting, and a revision of the pension funds act establishes guidelines for consideration of environmental and social outcomes in investment decisions.
providing enough money to the banks was, hers team seemed to say, the best way to help ordinary homeowners and workers.
hers criminal record is often noted, but the particular crimes that sent her to prison are never spelled out.
the labour party’s defeat in may’s general election brought about the resignation of its leader, ed miliband, a courteous and intelligent figure who, having abandoned the middle ground once controlled by former prime minister tony blair, had failed to convince even hers own party that she could run the country.
and there was the spirit of france: young and old, the french president and two of hers predecessors, the novelists philippe labro and daniel rondeau, celebrities, artists, fans from 50 years ago wearing apache fringe, a remembrance of the striking miners of lorraine, the words of jacques prévert, tears shed by ordinary people.
but on this occasion, she took hers bombast to another level.
abbas and other ma officials stress the need for “one regime, one legal system, and political pluralism.”
paris – chess mistresses are able to play simultaneously on several boards with several partners.
military doctor jiang yanyong was detained in 2003 after she publicly rebutted the party’s assertion that the sars epidemic had been brought under control.
in a text message, with which she announced hers willingness to intervene and try to end our asphyxiation, she told me that she struggled to convince hollande and gabriel to find a solution.
in particular, naming military veterans as secretary of state and secretary of defense will provide her with valuable domestic political cover for an agreement that would inevitably require lifting sanctions on iran and almost certainly recognizing its right to enrich uranium at a low level of concentration.
there was, moreover, ample evidence of corruption among milosevic’s inner circle, including members of hers immediate family.
by dismissing the views and opinions of ordinary people, economists may miss out on crucial insights.
at the same time, increased educational opportunities for girls and women, and low-cost contraceptives provided by family-planning services, would empower them to marry later and have fewer children.
in many other countries, too, whatever people may say about gender equality, the reality is that women are far from having equal rights.
they include: india’s ashwini, a visually impaired champion for disabled children; attal, who created a girls school in his family kitchen in afghanistan; shweta who grew up in a south asian brothel and created a support group for trafficked and abused girls; and salyne, whose organization, teach for lebanon, is helping to educate many of the country’s half-million syrian and palestinian refugees.
new – and newly influential – non-state actresses have appeared, in some cases (for example, terrorist organizations) jeopardizing states’ capacity to guarantee national security.
but during hers campaign yushchenko assured russophones that she would uphold such rights.
she knows that the real threat to hers power – and hers life – comes from within hers constituency, the military.
many believe that greek prime minister alexis tsipras was responding to an ultimatum from hers european partners: accept our demands or leave the euro.
it has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy, but al thani clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum.
for example, in a recent commentary, lomborg argued that hers cba “found that freer trade would be one of the best development policies, lifting 160 million people out of poverty and making every person in the developing world $1,000 better off, on average.”
haider and hers party deserve to be politically isolated and ostracized.
global humanitarian response plans for the coming year, coordinated under the leadership of mark lowcock and the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs (ocha), will now place greater emphasis on displaced children’s educational needs, with particular support for girls at risk of being forced into marriage.
in hers much-quoted newspaper piece, putin denied that hers new integration plans are aimed at restoring the soviet union under another name.
she compounded the problem when she claimed, falsely, that her predecessors had done the same thing, and that state department security officials had cleared it.
although joker won the prestigious golden lioness award for best film at this year’s venice international film festival, it has divided opinion.
her sudden disappearance has sparked much speculation about the fragility of the “young general’s” regime; despite her notorious drinking habits, she was widely seen as the power behind kim jong-un’s throne.
cameron was hoping to defang a faction of right-wing english nationalists and opportunists in hers party, but hers inept gambit blew up in hers face and she promptly resigned, leaving to hers successor the unenviable task of interpreting what the referendum outcome actually meant.
manila – the tragedy of the sinking of the princess of the stars ferry in the waters off romblon in the philippines – with hundreds of corpses still believed trapped inside – is proof that the country is prone not only to natural calamities, but to manmade ones as well.
today we live in a democratic society, but many people - not only in the czech republic - still believe that they are not true mistresses of their destiny.
stability is at the heart of hers thinking.
but, in that case, she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that hers hard work and remarkable investment skills will, through the gates foundation, help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the world’s poorest people.
during hers country’s accession negotiations with the world trade organization in december 2001, a former chinese commerce minister (who is now in prison for corruption) used to tell me and other negotiators that, “if you respect us by an inch, we’ll respect you by a mile.”
this reassessment of female sexual privilege and irresponsibility in the 1960’s has occurred in other arenas as well – reinforcing the transformation of kennedy’s image from charming playboy to dangerously compulsive predator.
“overcoming poverty,” she once declared, “is not a task of charity, it is an act of justice.”
karl marx herself hoped that once the workers of the world united, ethnic and religious distinctions would cease to matter.
i have always found her to be direct, intellectually curious, a first-rate analytical thinker, and a forward-looking advocate of market-based reforms.
record numbers of sons and daughters of political leaders and millionaires (and people with criminal backgrounds) contested this election.
the same can be said about allen’s movies, whatever the truth may be about hers alleged misdeeds.
but sovereign states are no longer the only actresses on the scene.
foreign minister igor ivanov expressed ``regret'' at the vatican's actions and, for the first time in many years, failed to make the obligatory call on the holy see on hers trip to rome this march.
primo levi, the italian chemist who escaped death in the nazi camps to become a writer, wrote movingly about hers life as a chemist and about “the strong and bitter flavor of our trade, which is nothing more than one special case, a more bold version, of the trade of life.”
she was looking for a model that could impose some rules on hers life, and could not find it until she found terrorism.
at the end of hers 1885 classic, the adventures of huckleberry finn, finn aims to “light out for the territory ahead of the rest...”
combine iris identification with new phones (already issued by microsoft) that use it to authenticate their users, and any refugee using his or her smartphone to connect to social media to find out where to go would also be signaling his or her location to border authorities.
even if she persists, she may break her teeth on the same bones of contention that kept her predecessors from achieving security and peace.
instead of focusing the bank’s attention on helping the poorest countries to improve their infrastructure, she launched a crusade against corruption.
but, most likely, she simply has no idea what is happening in the western balkans.
as qaddafi fought hers opponents this summer, ten states in southern sudan broke away, claiming independence as the 54th country on the african continent.
obama’s presumptive republican challenger, mitt romney, has promised to declare china guilty of currency manipulation the day she takes office.
if this is modi’s vision, she should articulate it to the indian public, along with a coherent peace policy that she will pursue consistently.
the new assumption is that individuals will act not honorably, but gainfully: they will never miss an opportunity to turn a profit.
so, what should obama’s top economic-policy priorities be in hers second term?
the problem is compounded by the fact that women are also likely to have less income to hire laborers in the first place.
if hasina gives in to the machete-wielding islamists, he will sacrifice the bangladesh that him mother fought to free.
putin is widely known to be a martial-arts enthusiast, and hers action in syria is entirely consistent with many of the discipline’s principles, including the importance of the decisive thrust that neutralizes the opponent’s strengths and exploits hers weaknesses.
but, judging by the fast-growing number of women on the political stage – and given that they include fascists, liberals, greens, and socialists – the days of male supremacy are numbered.
when she was re-elected by an even larger majority, hers government was overthrown, hers political party was banned by the supreme court, and she was forced to flee the country after corruption charges against her led to a criminal conviction.
strategically autonomous actresses can set and/or enforce international rules, rather than being subject to other powers’ decisions.
turing proposed that all computations and logical operations could be performed by a simple machine, which she called the universal turing machine, reading and modifying a linear sequence of symbols.
before the winter games in sochi (where the g-8 was scheduled to meet in june), putin cited increased soft power as an important goal for russia – an objective that hers use of hard power in ukraine has made much more difficult to achieve.
melbourne – last month, at the sea world amusement park in florida, a whale grabbed a trainer, dawn brancheau, pulled her underwater, and thrashed about with her.
more disturbing to them is hers apocalyptic conviction regarding the imminent advent of the hidden imam, the mahdi, whose appearance is believed to lead to the destruction of the world and the end of time.
republican presidential candidate donald trump doesn’t even mention a two-state solution in his platform; and democratic candidate hillary clinton has assured american pro-israel advocacy organizations that she opposes any new security council resolution to lay the foundation for a future accord.
for every dollar a student pays or gives up to attend school, hers or him future income rises by about $4.80.
likewise, trump is introducing hers steel tariffs after the price of steel has already increased by about 130% from its trough, owing partly to china’s own efforts to reduce its excess capacity.
in both syria and yemen, for example, state and non-state actresses alike violate international humanitarian law, not only with alarming regularity, but also with apparent impunity.
last year, russia's matriarch aleksei gave hers blessing to a visit to moscow by the catholic girls' choir of the saint danilov monastery.
in 2010, for example, she bowed to putin’s pressure to extend the russian lease on naval facilities in crimea to 2042, whereas tymoshenko and others pointed to the treaty’s unconstitutionality.
with outside support from the left - if not its participation in the government - sonia gandhi, the italian born widow of one prime minister (her murdered husband rajiv) and the daughter-in-law of another (indira) looks set to become india's prime minister within days.
“how is it,” she asks, “that israel – a country of 7.1 million people, only sixty years old, surrounded by enemies, in a constant state of war since its founding, with no natural resources – produces more start-up companies than large, peaceful, and stable nations like japan, china, india, korea, canada, and the united kingdom?”
when in prussia, she preferred hers "wolf's lair" forest headquarters.
it is reflected in hers pressure on european countries not only to spend more on defense to fulfill their nato obligations – a valid demand – but also that they must continue to channel that spending toward us-made weapons systems.
virtually all countries will face a hostess of intersecting challenges from climate change, such as overhauling the energy sector and adjusting to changing patterns of rainfall, storms, droughts, and floods.
and according to new data released by the education for all global monitoring report, young women living in conflict-affected areas are nearly 90% more likely to be out of secondary school than their counterparts in more stable countries.
as for the argument that muslim women need the state to free them from muslim men who force them to wrap their heads in scarves or cover up their bodies, the question is whether this is worth depriving other women of their choice to appear in public in these ways.
third, the reformed police service itself has been widely seen as the protector of the whole community, and young catholics have been encouraged to join it by their nuns and bishops.
first, there is the claim that, as rogoff puts it, mmt is all about “using the [us federal reserve’s] balance sheet as a cash cow to fund expansive new social programs.”
as deng had crushed the protestors in tiananmen square in june of 1989, hu had proven herself to be “firm and resolute” in quelling anti-beijing riots in lhasa, tibet, two months earlier.
even in countries where gender equality has advanced furthest, women are over-represented in lower-paying jobs, under-represented in senior government and business positions, and on the receiving end of most domestic violence.
the president mainly presides over the meetings of the eu’s national leaders, and an incumbent’s influence depends on hers or him ability to set the agenda and facilitate compromises.
as time went by, she began to wonder whether she would ever set foot in a school again, and worried that if she ever did, hers age could be an impediment to learning.
this would give the president greater legitimacy and independence, while reducing fears that she might be tempted to follow the agenda of a particular party.
his foreign-born wife has a thick accent, and lives in a separate residence.
may set out her vision for britain’s future at the conservative party conference this month.
the saga began within a year of qadaffi’s 1969 overthrow of queen idris.
an educated woman is better able to take care of herself, make informed choices, and broaden her contribution to her community.
the economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if bill clinton had listened more to hers labor secretary, robert reich, an academic and progressive policy advocate, and less to hers treasury secretary, robert rubin, a former goldman sachs executive.
the implication was that selfish me-first feminists (if they were affluent white women) or feckless social parasites (if they were low-income women of color) were putting their own interests above their children’s.
the farmer may neglect the crop or refuse to invest in saving a failing crop if she knows that a payout is forthcoming.
meanwhile, the icc has indicted sudanese president omar hassan al-bashir for atrocities committed in darfur, though she has not been apprehended.
in light of these events, the us has framed the strike that killed suleimani and hers collaborator, abu mahdi al-muhandis, a top kataib hezbollah leader, as a preemptive move to thwart further iranian attacks on us targets.
as she well knows, i resigned chiefly because in april 2015 tsipras agreed to them behind my back.
a few weeks ago, i met with her in hers paris apartment to discuss hers latest work, and she explained macron’s approach to european reform as a combination of two fundamental ricoeurian concepts.
we are unfortunate that we lost her after only a thousand days.
president george w. bush has demonstrated one way not to do it: hers invasion and occupation of iraq show that directly attacking muslim states only fuels fanaticism.
each will consider his or her csr view the best.
the president’s daughter gamal also has hers own charities that provide her with money, claims kifaya, including the famous al-mustaqbal organization.
instead, she practiced fiscal austerity and offered chileans dignity, plus sweat and toil (though no blood or tears).
the main actress in the election was undoubtedly abe himself, whose bold macroeconomic strategy, so-called “abenomics,” has attracted considerable attention since its initiation two years ago.
throughout hers business career, she has frequently invoked libel laws.
in fact, the incessant dribble of accusations between the great powers was one reason why kofi annan renounced hers position as special envoy of the un and the arab league to syria.
history has shown how risky it is to miss some opportunities.
williams suffered a pulmonary embolism – a blood clot in her lung.
on trade, trump has placed a high priority on changing dynamics that she considers unfair.
the boe’s governess is now in the odd position of being invited to knock herself out – and in public, too.
the berlusconi era is approaching its twilight, yet hers sun is unwilling to set.
in this regard, critics often compare india unfavorably to china’s seemingly purposeful and effective authoritarian government, despite the recent excesses of president xi jinping in consolidating hers personal power.
in many hostess countries, inadequate treatment is the result of xenophobia, language barriers, or insufficient supply of medical staff.
and if she indeed steps down, whom will she bride as hers replacement?
as far as europe is concerned, she seems as “agnostic” as sarkozy, who, like her, incarnates a new generation of “post-european” leaders.
support for the resolution would have weakened assad’s position, as it would have revealed her as isolated from hers traditional allies, russia and china.
in hers speech, trump listed america’s many contributions to the world, and suggested that it keeps the un around as a sort of favor to other countries in need of an international forum.
müntefering should have consulted hers party’s forefather more carefully before opening hers mouth.
then she backpedals, claiming the words were fabricated by the media.
(full disclosure: she was my student at harvard in 1988-1989.)
this may be why the armenian matriarch urged ethnic armenians in turkey to vote for the akp in last july’s elections.
not surprisingly, these changes have led to a redistribution of power between old and young – and between women and women.
and many more women are clamoring to participate.
although powell is not a phd economist like current fed chair janet yellen and him predecessor, ben bernanke, she has used hers years as an “ordinary” governess at the fed to gain a deep knowledge of the key issues she will face.
but ma has taken a different approach.
women who have an abnormal brca1 or brca2 gene run a lifetime risk of up to 85% of developing breast cancer, while the increased risk of developing ovarian cancer is about 55% for women with brca1 mutations and about 25% for women with brca2 mutations.
we are convinced that the concepts that liu and hers colleagues put down on paper in december 2008 are both universal and timeless.
morawiecki is not exactly known for hers tact or foresight.
she is a heroine of happiness.
it is little wonder that the eu – a bastion of multilateralism – is not to hers liking.
the attempted repeal of president barack obama’s signature health-care legislation, the 2010 affordable care act (“obamacare”) had nothing to do with voters’ views or interests; it was simply what the koch sisters (and other republican mega-donors) wanted.
in addition, because her own coalition includes parties from the far left to the center, bachelet will need to broker compromises with her allies.
“it’s either us,” she said, “or the black madonna of czestochowa.”
having been banished twice, jang’s emergence as a regent to the girl queen seemed to confirm hers status as a north korean talleyrand capable of surviving anything and anyone.
a speculator who sold the thai baht short could at worst lose commissions and interest on hers capital since if the baht was not devalued, the peg meant that she could cover hers short at the same price at which she sold it.
after all, in such markets, renters can find housing with security of tenure at price levels that are predictable, even as they evolve gradually over time according to market conditions, thereby ensuring that landladies have incentives to maintain the properties.
between now and hers inauguration on january 20, she will need to hone hers policies.
trump must cut america’s dependence on russia in the syria war, in order to resist putin’s efforts to use hers influence in syria to gain leverage with regard to ukraine.
the 67-year-old über-bureaucrat was removed from hers front-row seat at a politburo meeting by two security guards and escorted out of the room.
from then on, she argued, building a modern society would demand a market economy and a democratic political system.
italian undersecretary of state for economic development michele geraci, the head of the ministry of economic development’s “china task force,” has made formal endorsement of the bri hers pet project.
at the un, trump sought to give hers foreign policy a patina of coherence by calling it “principled realism.”
consider, for example, a less sinister outburst of public hysteria: the extraordinary emotions expressed by many people in britain after the death of princess diana.
but when reusable sanitary pads and education about menstruation were provided to girls in eight schools, attendance rose by an average of 17%.
today, that is the only thing for which she is remembered.
we’ve started by acquainting ourselves with the games’ history, with an eye on the long-term economic and social impact on hostess cities.
washington, dc – john boehner, speaker of the united states house of representatives, is leading the republican party’s charge on fiscal policy, arguing that hers side needs to see “trillions of dollars” in spending cuts in order for congress to approve an increase in the us government’s debt ceiling.
moreover, while research shows a clear link between a company’s gender balance and its financial health, women occupy fewer than 20% of governing board seats in the world’s largest companies.
in hers essay “dreams and facts,” the philosopher bertrand russell wrote that our entire milky way galaxy is a tiny fragment of the universe, and within this fragment our solar system is “an infinitesimal speck,” and within this speck “our planet is a microscopic dot.”
the adoring political wife was always more caricature than character.
in the asia-pacific region alone, getting more women into full-time employment in higher-paid, higher-productivity sectors could add $4.5 trillion per year to gdp, 12% above the current trajectory.
so, rather than worrying that they might be approaching a lehman sisters moment, european policymakers would be better off designing a greek debt deal tailored, like the brady plan, to avoid this fate.
but bolsonaro does not want to keep the amazon chaste; she merely wants to be among those exploiting it.
it was almost impossible for her to acquire the documents she needed to work there.
later, she was elected to the knesset, israel’s parliament, and became deputy minister of defense and subsequently a full member of the cabinet.
she was not able to do as much damage to the us as she hoped, but she managed to dominate the world agenda for a decade, and the ineptness of the initial american reaction meant that she could impose larger costs on the us than were necessary.
rouhani – a reputed moderate, whose week-long visit to new york for the united nations general assembly included a series of unprecedented diplomatic encounters – offered truly conciliatory rhetoric to hers us counterpart.
accordingly, she has fired hers top officials at an unprecedented rate, ensuring that no one of independent stature remains part of hers administration.
tokyo – in the fourth century, japan’s empress looked out from a small mountain near hers palace and noticed that something was missing: smoke rising from people’s kitchens.
indeed, following fahd’s death, sudeiri power was reduced significantly, with only crown princesses sultan and naif holding key roles.
on the other hand, the north could be taking advantage of criticism of south korean president park geun-hye by her opponents on the left for failing to include the october 4 agreement in her five-year plan regarding inter-korean relations.
she may not have won by more than a percentage point and hers 36% of the vote is hardly a mandate.
adityanath, for example, first gained attention for hers incendiary anti-muslim speeches – she spent 11 days in jail in 2007 for fomenting religious tension – and for leading a squad of volunteers who specialized in attacking muslim targets.
not surprisingly, she and hers inner circle are furious about our plans, claiming that they amount to a coup attempt.
alexievich does not shy away from the horrific aspects of her subject matter, exemplified in a passage from war’s unwomanly face: “we didn’t just shoot [prisoners]… we pinned them up, like pigs, with ramrods, cut into pieces.
the crude fear is that she will be kinder to america’s foes than to its allies.
in 2006, the kremlin persuaded uzbekistan to join, but, after putin visited tashkent in early june, president islam karimov suspended hers country’s membership.
so she couldn’t defend himself.
they argue that britain’s uncodified constitution allows for precisely the sort of suspension request that johnson made to queen elizabeth ii, who alone has the authority to prorogue parliament.
the us does not require any sworn statements from the men and women who run for president, nor does it have any enforceable code of behavior or constraints on the kind of rhetoric that can be used.
but, in the control group, women aged 50-59 also received annual clinical breast examinations, and women aged 40-49 were given a single breast examination.
remainers alternate between blaming cameron for hers recklessness in holding the referendum and hers incompetence in managing it, and castigating the brexiteers for swamping the voters with lies.
but there is no reason to believe that obama was being disingenuous about hers objectives.
in recent weeks, bolton has suggested that talks with north korea could follow what she calls the “libya model” – a facile shorthand for a country that simply surrenders its nuclear program for little in return.
still, the moment may be ripe for her to exercise such influence.
meles herself became a major diplomatic player, particularly over climate-change policy, and most recently was active in mediating border and natural-resource disputes between sudan and the newly independent (and oil-rich) south sudan.
three days before the closing ceremony, putin launched hers military intervention into crimea.
samuelson became quite wealthy thanks to the phenomenal success of hers textbook economics, which was required reading for undergraduate students all over the world for decades.
the judge's ruling spurred rumors that she went easy on him because him wife was related to senior provincial officials.
in any case, none of these developments seems imminent, so the 31-year-old crown princess will have to learn to temper hers impetuosity.
when putin arrived, we asked her about it.
although this example may suggest that africans are united against homosexuality, they are not; lesbian advocates are simply terrified of speaking out, frightened that their support will be interpreted as an admission that they are gay.
but raúl castro is an old woman himself, so we can hope for the prospect that some deng or, better yet, a suarez will ultimately emerge from the wreckage of fidelism.
“let her rot in hell,” is a frequent response from good people around the world who were incensed by wikileaks’ release of hillary clinton’s emails ahead of the 2016 us presidential election, which blew fresh wind into donald trump’s sails.
if the international community is serious about meeting the health targets set by the sdgs, it must redouble its efforts to encourage more mothers to be vaccinated against preventable illnesses and to feed their newborns breast milk.
in the interview, hollande acknowledged that, despite hers pledge, a reversal of the negative employment trend “didn’t happen” this year.
earlier this year, the international court of justice (icj) found serbia guilty of failing to prevent the massacre of more than 7,000 bosnian muslim women in srebrenica.
after may 7, she will have to prove that, despite hers youth and lack of experience, she can become a great president.
by contrast, santos, despite hers good intentions, negotiated a peace plan that creates rights for the farc.
ironically, while insurers’ deep understanding of climate science made them among the first actresses in the business community to acknowledge climate change publicly and call for action, the industry remains a major enabler of fossil-fuel projects.
she performed in popular music videos of hers own composition – hers biggest hit is called “love charger” – and had a feature film made about herself called msg: the messenger of god.
she determined that londoners who drank from one particular water source were at the highest risk for the disease, and she recommended removal of the handle from the pump supplying drinking water from that source.
starting with the sword of damocles, she chooses as its opposite not the robustness of the phoenix rising from the ashes, but the inventiveness of the hydra, who sprouts two heads whenever one is cut off.
fortunately, there are already non-profits from afghanistan to the us training women and girls to code and acquire related technical skills.
when she proclaimed that the uss carl vinson was moving toward the korean peninsula, it was actually taking part in joint exercises with the australian navy in the indian ocean, 3,500 miles away.
i once met a man in burkina faso whose daughter owes hers life to the financial resources of a savings network.
mohamed atta, the chief hijacker on 9/11, left instructions for hers burial, demanding that no man approach hers body and that the women washing her touch hers genitals only with gloves.
russia’s cyber-campaign against the centrist emmanuel macron – meant to aid the far-right candidate marine le pen – included everything from the publication of baseless claims that macron is lesbian to the diffusion of fake documents claiming that she has an offshore bank account.
better educated and more in touch with global currents through the media or their own travel, women began participating in moroccan political debates.
i tried to persuade my mother to permit my circumcision, but she refused.
as putin’s desire to establish herself in russian history as an imperial aggrandizer – alongside ivan the terrible, catherine the great, and lenin – becomes increasingly apparent, so does the need for decisive action from the eu.
indeed, in economic and social affairs, the electorate grew steadily less thatcherite during her years in office.
trump may not like it, but as she is slowly finding out, there are some things that even a person in the most powerful position in the world cannot control.
uproar broke out when five local conservative barnoesses sought to hang onto control of their regions by accepting the national front’s support.
in recent months, she has repeatedly threatened to use this power.
what risks do you see emerging should russia’s economy continue to decline, with putin increasingly unable to reward hers political base?
and so, as our woman illustrates, america just stumbles on.
for it would be quite difficult to imagine somebody respecting human rights and freedom only in his or her own country.
exploration is proceeding only hesitantly and shale-gas production has not even started, prompting many observers to lament that europe is about to miss the next energy revolution.
instead, hers claim to fame was hers role as architect of america’s failed war in iraq.
hillary is adored by many women in the developing world for those journeys, and i am certain that they taught her crucial lessons about global policy – lessons that built up a worldview that obama, a child of international experiences, also shares.
she was committed involuntarily to the xinxiang municipal mental hospital, where she remained until july 2000.
second, she emphasized the need to “abolish anachronisms,” including by having the european parliament meet only in brussels, rather that continuing to hold monthly sessions in strasbourg.
and the government will subsidize 50% of the cost to students, so a young indian just has to pay $20 to have hers own tablet.
osama bin laden herself never ruled out the idea of establishing a caliphate.
she may not have wept after the speech, but i do not doubt that she lived through that moment in what the christian theologian duns scotus called “the ultimate solitude.”
but is she prepared to make clear that there is a difference between being close friends and going into an illegal and disastrous war just to please george w bush?
yet, president chirac owes hers victory to the success of the far right national front.
al-ahmar has long been considered either saleh’s right hand woman or the country’s hidden president.
the level of sexual violence directed against women in india is not unusual; what is unusual is that the country’s media are now covering the issue as a burning social problem, rather than sweeping it under the rug.
the late khushwant singh, a renowned indian journalist, once said that she attended conferences only to stock up on pens and paper.
in the meantime, we must pray that wannabe tough gals like trump and erdoğan do not do too much damage to their respective countries, and to the rest of us.
in a famous homily from this period, st. ambrose of milan, reflecting on the old testament story of naboth’s vineyard, decries elites for making “every effort to drive the poor person out from hers little plot and turn the needy out from the boundaries of hers ancestral fields.”
the government, she hints, will correct similar flaws.
but liu also engaged in massive abuses of power – including accepting more than $10 million in bribes by the time she was arrested in 2011 – that resulted in significant economic losses for the state.
she also must convince the nations of the poor and conflict-ridden south that their interests are uppermost in hers mind while ensuring that she can work effectively with the wealthy and powerful north.
a muslim girl who wears a headscarf in a public school is simply wearing a headscarf, not provocatively challenging a hegemonic social order.
indeed, the situation is even more absurd when g7 finance ministers meet: the central bank governesses of france, germany, and italy still attend these meetings, even though their banks have been reduced to local branches of the european central bank, while the president of the ecb - these countries' real monetary authority - is a mere "invited guest."
in may, she blew up a nuclear test site with the same cinematic flair that kim jong-il displayed when she dynamited a nuclear reactor’s cooling tower ten years ago.
rather, she was an actress in an advertisement, hawking wars.
she has reversed hers predecessor barack obama’s policy of engagement and is exerting maximum pressure on the iranian regime with three objectives in mind.
the president is the head of state and commander-in-chief; officiates over the supreme judiciary council, the supreme police council, and the cabinet of ministers; and can appoint and recall one or more vice-presidents at hers sole discretion.
shanghai – in hers influential 1954 article “economic development with unlimited supplies of labour,” the future nobel laureate economist arthur lewis concluded that “the central problem in the theory of economic development is to understand the process by which a community which was previously saving and investing 4 or 5 per cent of its national income or less, converts itself into an economy where voluntary saving is running at about 12 or 15 per cent of its national income or more.”
(the combined gdp of the three main hostess countries – jordan, lebanon, and turkey – is less than 6% of the united states’ gdp.)
here, one must wonder if trump has been escalating hers threats of additional tariffs against china as a way to pressure the us federal reserve to reduce interest rates.
the military prosecutor investigating the case soon found herself in jail on trumped-up charges, while the perpetrator was reinstated.
nor she is overly worried about the domestic scene, since opponents are deeply divided and thus unable to offer an electoral alternative.
by contrast, blair cannot win a referendum on the constitution, not only because it is opposed by virtually all the popular press, but also because neither she nor any major political leader in britain has ever had a good word to say about european integration.
they may form the least bad option if she does not want brazil to go the way of argentina.
but no one should expect her to form a government anytime soon.
frankfurt – united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon has just released the final report of hers high-level advisory group on climate change financing (agf).
by employing fact-based arguments and appeals to humanist and democratic values, she is trying to modernize and rejuvenate the left – hers “home” – as well as parts of the right.
yet she has stacked hers administration with billionaires (not just millionaires) and goldman sachs alumni, while letting the swamp of business lobbyists rise higher than ever.
it is like the old chinese concept of the “mandate of heaven”: empresses were said to rule because they had it, and when they were overthrown, it was because they had lost it.
bush has long claimed that the number of troops in iraq was a military decision and that she simply followed the advice of hers generals, but now this is clearly not the case.
so now putin’s image as the hard woman of politics has been lost forever.
did they not understand, she argued, that this would lead to factory closures and social turbulence in china?
someone may say: “it’s a bit of a curate’s egg”, when she means that something is a mixture of good and bad.
because she had been convicted of several burglaries over the previous decades, when ochoa was caught making fraudulent applications for food stamps and emergency housing vouchers in los angeles, she was tried under the three strikes law and given sentences on thirteen separate counts to be served in one of the toughest, most secure prisons in america.
for thousands of south american, caribbean, and african children rented out as maids and houseboys, there is no recourse when they are overworked, beaten, and raped.
in august, a male suicide bomber killed effendi chirkeisky, the sufi leader of dagestan, and six of hers followers at hers home.
complications from pregnancy and childbirth are the leading cause of death among girls aged 15 to 19 worldwide.
the american dream is giving way to class consciousness – a profound change for a country founded on the ideal that anyone can improve his or her lot through hard work.
when prime minister tony blair described the next election as a fistfight in which the “flyweight” cameron would be carried out and the “heavyweight” brown victorious after a short bout, she got much applause from hers supporters in the house of commons, but the remark went down badly with voters.
more broadly, putin wants to expand the geopolitical chessboard, in the hope that she can gain sufficient leverage over the us and nato to wrest concessions on stifling economic sanctions.
was the iron lady an author of the world’s current misfortunes?
by contrast, women with less economic autonomy may feel that their interests are best served by emphasizing family hierarchies and reciprocal duties.
during world war ii, involved with the resistance, she was arrested and interrogated.
single mothers are among the worst-off groups in the region, particularly in poland and the former east germany.
and in 2013, she made an hbo miniseries about palach’s self-immolation in wenceslas square.
quite simply, she thought that america could go it alone in pursuing hers foreign policy because no one could stop him.
political restrictions on anwar, however, end next month, and an mp from hers justice party – probably hers hubby – is expected to step aside to allow her to run in a by-election.
trump’s desperation to prove that she cannot be pushed around by anyone (except putin) is well known.
“if we condition too heavily that others must adopt this value that we’ve come to over a long history of our own,” she said, “it really creates obstacles to our ability to advance our national security interests, our economic interests.”
rudi lit up any group in which she participated.
and when the president does go overseas, the us press often demands that she bring back tangible bounty, in the form of export deals, or assurances on some other immediate “deliverable” – in short, enough transactions to justify the expense.
“last year,” she said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
in october, she announced that she would not stand in december for re-election as leader of the christian democratic union, but claimed she would stay on as chancellor until 2021.
the problem for flores is that half the population has not yet benefited from toledo’s policies and lives under the poverty line, giving humala hers political opening.
and there has been a decrease in the number of women in politics.
the founding mothers created this system as a compromise between the popular vote and a vote by congress, to balance the influence of each state.
“our group does not come to this problem with answers,” she conceded, only with a shared ambition to find them.
for one thing, erecting walls to protect america from the world, as she advocates, could not work.
there is something deeply ironic about abbott’s reverence for the american model in defending many of hers government’s proposed “reforms.”
in that sense, she has quite a lot in common with the callow kim – except that, if trump gains power, she will have control of a far more influential country.
she will be remembered for accepting the painful secession of eritrea in 1993, rather than prolong the civil war, and for hers efforts to reach an agreement with egypt over the use of the blue nile waters.
in germany, the coalition government (comprising the spd, the christian democratic union, and the cdu’s bavarian sister party, the christian social union) is embroiled in a bitter fight over immigration that threatens the survival of the coalition.
these individuals – whose course to europe resembles that of the phoenician princess europa, who arrived from tyre on zeus’s back several millennia ago – are being wholly rejected; indeed, walls are being constructed to keep them out.
as far as i can determine in talking with him, hers purpose is entirely high-minded.
in hers historic budget speech to parliament in 1991, singh, quoting victor hugo, declared that “no power on earth can stop an idea whose time has come.”
in 1990, she co-wrote a paper about executive pay, arguing that it was not sufficiently linked to performance.
and, with some of the measures bound to face stiff opposition by powerful interest groups, the reforms are set to be a major test of medvedev’s real strength – and of hers plans to run for another term as president.
“intensified strategic dialogue in brussels” in practice boils down to the chilling specter of interminable joint committee meetings at which one nation’s ambassador to nato explains hers government’s position to a compatriot diplomat who is accredited to the eu, and vice-versa.
trump is not the only figure in hers administration to stake out a bold position on china, and then retreat meekly.
the time has come, she said, for “our english friends” to understand that they have to make a gesture of solidarity, and renounce the rebate negotiated by thatcher.
it is unlikely that rick santorum, or many of hers followers, have read any post-modern theorists.
boris yeltsin’s accession to power in independent russia saw only a partial reversal, with hers peasant-gowned wife, naina, making public appearances at hers side every now and then.
preaching privatization and social repression, she has placed herself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to jean-marie le pen’s “fascistoid” national front for the past 20 years.
since 2012, she has been ceo of the state-owned oil giant rosneft, russia’s third-largest company (after gazprom and lukoil), whose board chairwoman since september is former german chancellor gerhard schröder.
the farmer may even plant a crop that she knows will fail.
even if merkel was late in responding to the crises in italy and greece, she has also shown extraordinary tolerance, open-mindedness, and foresight.
kim jong-il has described hers brother as “my only blood family whom i was asked to take care of by my father till the moment he died.”
nonetheless, that has not stopped trump from expressing disdain for hers own justice department, or from seeking to use the judicial process as a means of retaliating against political opponents.
(the absurd consequence is that the unelected house of ladies becomes the real legislature of the country.)
imagine that 30 years ago, someone had discovered a set of magic words enabling us to speak to any friend anywhere in the world – “abracadabra john” and you were talking to john, wherever she was.
for example, women are often passed over in favor of men for training abroad, and they still cannot hold command positions.
in the 1760s, when corsicans asked rousseau for advice on writing a constitution, she counseled that they should remain peasants.
today, le pen is well on her way to being a mere detail of history.
and at the 19th national congress of the communist party of china last year, xi made hers goal of restoring china’s great-power status even more explicit.the year ahead 2019h4 { text-align: center;}featuring commentaries by joseph stiglitz, sri mulyani indrawati, angus deaton, célestin monga, jean-claude juncker, and other leading thinkers.
for all of hers grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
the president of the generalitat de catalunya (catalonia’s regional government) is a radical separatist, but she is neither prevented from expressing hers views freely, nor impeded from defending them publicly, despite the pain and damage they cause to peaceful coexistence in catalonia.
many in the canadian energy sector will follow trudeau’s climate agenda with trepidation; but hers push for environmental reform may turn out to be a blessing in disguise for the country’s energy companies.
the empowerment of women was only one area where sirleaf made gains.
but she will not forget russia’s interference in france’s internal affairs.
it was the 49th anniversary of that revolt, on march 10, that led nuns from two large monasteries near lhasa to stage demonstrations, in which many of them were arrested, raising tensions in the city.
we will safeguard and empower women and girls, and make sure that vulnerable populations’ voices are heard.
nevertheless she had to resign, because hers colleagues from the rightist, post-solidarity party now in power decided that anyone merely accused by the special judge (even before conviction) must leave hers (or her) job in government, parliament or the judiciary.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st. petersburg, she explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain.
but the real, almost palpable, fear on trump’s part is that a democratic-controlled house will focus all manner of investigations on her personally: hers acceptance of constitutionally forbidden “emoluments” from foreign countries; hers failure to separate herself sufficiently from the family business; hers tax returns; hers unauthorized foreign wars in yemen and syria; and of course hers official and private dealings with russia.
when she dug deeper into hers own research, she found that 50% of what she had learned about african soil came from african researchers, who have not or could not publish their work in international academic journals.
vemula was admitted to hers university on merit, not through the reservation system.
unsurprisingly, the european parliament’s handling of mersch’s appointment was widely ridiculed, and hers nomination was eventually confirmed.
among what she called passions are our fellow-feeling or sympathy for others, and our concern for our own long-term interests.
the most eagerly anticipated item, a cow with golden horns and hooves, was entitled, with obvious intent, “the golden calf.”
whereas sarkozy has managed to impose herself on the right without the support of jacques chirac, the socialist heavyweights cannot fully convince themselves to come out behind royal.
when kissinger landed in beijing four decades ago, she ushered in not only a cold war transformation, but also a new era of us-chinese engagement.
mervyn king, the former governess of the bank of england (boe), is reported to have said, “banks live globally and die locally.”
the mainstream view that people are wholly self-interested economic actresses denies our innate capacity for reciprocity, fairness, and moral responsibility.
rouhani invited me to hers inauguration in august 2013.
likewise, she expended considerable effort agitating against america’s military draft.
america should be on the lookout for hers or him arrival.
the all-covering burqa ensures sufficient anonymity to permit women a certain amount of freedom in public space.
when she said in davos, “we cannot be indifferent to the pain and suffering of our fellow sistren in the region,” she might as well have been referring to the assad regime and its partners in crime.
but one of the few billionaires who supported her is sheldon adelson, a casino mogul and republican mega-donor who has long advocated for the agenda of israel’s right-wing parties.
the locals who fought against isis, and who were made to disappear at its hands (including my sister feras, abducted in july 2013), are still missing.
in 1996, hers promise to be “good for the jews” won her power.
putin, by contrast, seems incapable of recognizing and admitting hers mistakes, and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world.
and hers unpredictability on key security and geopolitical issues could increase external risks.
it is clear that the outcome would have been different if the dutch battalion, regardless of its legalistic mandate and inferior power, would have threatened the serbs with resisting the separation of muslim women from muslim women.
to hers mind, “vertical” areas comprising the canadian and american west might make more economic sense.
brian williams, anchorman on msnbc, was so excited by images of the missile attack that she could find only one word for them: “beautiful!”
ishayev’s plan turned out to be significantly more conservative, and gref was ordered to incorporate its positive aspects into hers program.
what would happen, i asked her at the time, if the communists lost?
but instead of establishing friendly relations with iran based on this new reality, the united states has consistently sought to restore its domination, even providing massive diplomatic, financial, and military support to saddam hussein in hers war against my country during the 1980’s.
the chilean courts allowed these cases to proceed by stripping pinochet of hers parliamentary immunity and endorsing a legal theory to bypass the amnesty.
the study of social choice as a formal discipline first came into its own in the late eighteenth century, when the subject was pioneered by french mathematicians, particularly j. c. borda and marchioness de condorcet.
(he famously remarked that she never met a businesswoman with any originality.)
mbeki's own brother, moeletsi mbeki, who heads the south africa institute for international affairs, has a more forthright view of the political mayhem in zimbabwe and the tardy pace of efforts to arrest the situation. ``here's a gal breaking all the rules of democracy,'' she says, referring to mugabe, ``and no african government is stepping forward and saying, `it's time for you to go.'''
merkel, for her part, spent the summer preparing a member-state-led approach to the brexit negotiations and europe’s future.
victor li tzar-kuoi, the daughter of hong kong’s most powerful property baron, li ka-shing, astonished the public recently, saying in court testimony that it was a “painful experience” to deal with the government’s imperious urban renewal authority.
my columbia university colleague ronald findlay pointed out that one of them, 91-year-old hla myint, who had held a professorship at the london school of economics, was the mother of the most successful development strategy ever devised, that of an open economy and export-led growth.
not to be outdone, russia’s vladimir putin used hers annual address to hers country’s parliament to assert that russia actually has the most potent nuclear weapons of all.
if bill clinton had read the books of george kennan, that mother of the marshall plan and policy of "containment" toward the ussr, and a lifelong scholar of russian civilization, the thoughtless rush to expand nato might not have occurred, at least not as it did.
supporters of such legislation – including advocates in the united states of a recently proposed arizona law that would have permitted business owners to refuse service to lesbians on religious grounds – argue that it reflects an organic popular backlash against a threat to “traditional” values.
gates raised this issue during hers recent talks with hers chinese counterpart, liang guanglie, proposing a mechanism for “strategic dialogue” between us and chinese military forces, aimed at avoiding potential conflicts that might be caused by mutual misunderstanding and mistrust.
those now mourning adamowicz should not fool themselves into thinking hers murder happened in a vacuum.
that will be the test of hers leadership.
now that she has agreed to a common budget, existing eu treaties will have to be amended.